URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1094998/000095017202001408/0000950172-02-001408.txt

USINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE LANDMARK SQUARE
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901-2501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2033564200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2333 SAN RAMON VALLEY BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			SAN RAMON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94583

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	US AUDIOTEX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990914

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OFFICIAL PAYMENTS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001094998
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				522190781
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 14D9/A

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE LANDMARK SQUARE
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901-2501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2033564200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2333 SAN RAMON VALLEY BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			SAN RAMON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94583

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	US AUDIOTEX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990914

SC 14D9/A

s375731.txt

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                           Washington, D.C. 20549
                             -----------------

                               SCHEDULE 14D-9
                               (Rule 14d-101)

        SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 14(d)(4)
                   OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                             (Amendment No. 1)
                             -----------------

                       OFFICIAL PAYMENTS CORPORATION
                         (Name of Subject Company)

                       OFFICIAL PAYMENTS CORPORATION
                    (Name of Person(s) Filing Statement)
                             -----------------

                   Common Stock, Par Value $.01 Per Share
                       (Title of Class of Securities)
                             -----------------

                                676235 10 4
                   (CUSIP Number of Class of Securities)
                             -----------------

                             Mitchell H. Gordon
                   Senior Vice President, General Counsel
                       Official Payments Corporation
                           Three Landmark Square
                          Stamford, CT 06901-2501
                               (203) 356-4200
               (Name, address and telephone number of person
              authorized to receive notice and communications
               on behalf of the person(s) filing statement).
                             -----------------
                              With a copy to:

                           Eric J. Friedman, Esq.
                  Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
                             Four Times Square
                          New York, NY 10036-6522
                         Telephone: (212) 735-3000
                         Facsimile: (212) 735-2000
   _
  |_|     Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary
          communications made before the commencement of a tender offer.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Official Payments Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
"Company") hereby amends and supplements its Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9, originally filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on June 11, 2002 (the "Schedule 14D-9"),
with respect to the tender offer (the "Offer") by Kingfish Acquisition
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and wholly owned
subsidiary of Tier Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent'),
to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $.01
per share, of the Company ("Common Stock") at a price of $3.00 per share,
net to the selling stockholders in cash (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated
June 11, 2002 and the related Letter of Transmittal. Capitalized terms used
but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings
ascribed to them in the Schedule 14D-9.

Item 2.  Identity and Background of Filing Person.

         Item 2 of the Schedule 14D-9 is hereby amended and supplemented by
deleting in its entirety the third paragraph under the section captioned
"Tender Offer" and replacing it with the following text:

         "The information contained in this Schedule 14D-9 or incorporated
         herein by reference concerning Purchaser and Parent and their
         respective officers, directors, representatives or affiliates, or
         actions or events with respect to them, has been furnished to the
         Company by Purchaser and Parent. The Company is relying on
         Purchaser and Parent to furnish accurate and complete information
         for inclusion in the Schedule 14D-9 and the Company has not
         independently verified the accuracy or completeness of such
         information."

Item 3.  Past Contacts, Transactions, Negotiations and Agreements.

         Item 3 of the Schedule 14D-9 is hereby amended and supplemented by
adding the following text at the end of the section captioned "The Merger
Agreement-Additional Arrangements Regarding Executive Officers of the
Company":

         "Pursuant to the terms of their respective employment agreements
         and severance agreements, each of Mr. Evans, Edward J. DiMaria
         (Chief Financial Officer), and Mitchell H. Gordon (Senior Vice
         President, General Counsel) will be entitled to receive his
         current base salary and benefits for one year following the
         termination of his employment with the Company upon consummation
         of the Merger. Under their respective employment agreements, each
         of Messrs. Evans and Presto have already become entitled to
         terminate his employment for "good reason" due to the change of
         control in the Company as a result of the merger of Imperial
         Bancorp (the then parent holding company of the Company's majority
         stockholder) with and into a wholly owned subsidiary of Comerica
         Incorporated in January 2001. Consummation of the Offer
         constitutes a similar change of control event (resulting in the
         respective officer's right to terminate employment for "good
         reason") under the respective agreements for each of the four
         executive officers. The aggregate value of such change of
         control/severance payments is approximately $1,055,000, with the
         following payments to each individual: Mr. Evans: $363,000; Mr.
         Presto: $253,000; Edward J. DiMaria (Chief Financial Officer):
         $233,000; and Mitchell H. Gordon (Senior Vice President, General
         Counsel): $206,000.

         In addition, under the terms of Mr. Evans' employment agreement,
         Comerica Bank-California (as successor to Imperial Bank) has
         guaranteed that the "value"-as defined in the agreement-of Mr.
         Evans' vested options will be $10,000,000 on or before August 26,
         2002, and Comerica Bank-California will pay Mr. Evans an amount
         equal to the difference between $10,000,000 and the highest value
         of the vested options calculated on certain specified dates during
         such three year period. This guarantee is solely the obligation of
         Comerica Bank-California and is not an obligation of the Company
         and the guarantee payment is not contingent upon consummation of
         the Offer or the Merger."

         Item 3 of the Schedule 14D-9 is hereby amended and supplemented by
adding the following text after the second sentence of the second paragraph
of the section captioned "The Merger Agreement-Treatment of Stock Options":

         "In accordance with the formula described in the preceding
         paragraph, the aggregate value to be received by the directors and
         executive officers of the Company as a group as a result of the
         cancellation of their Company Stock Options is $3,457,722."

         Item 3 of the Schedule 14D-9 is hereby amended and supplemented by
adding the following text at the end of the section captioned "Stockholders
Agreement":

         "Comerica Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of Comerica, is one of
         the merchant banks the Company uses to process credit card
         transactions and perform traditional merchant credit card
         settlement services. The Company has an agreement (the "Comerica
         Processing Agreement") with Comerica Bank in which the Company
         agrees to use its best efforts to use Comerica Bank as its
         provider of credit card settlement services. Under the Comerica
         Processing Agreement (which was automatically renewed as of April
         17, 2002 in accordance with its terms for an additional term
         through July 16, 2003), Comerica Bank is paid from the Company's
         sales revenues customary merchant discount fees usually charged
         for similar processing services, on a product by product basis as
         negotiated between the Company and Comerica Bank. During 2001, the
         Company paid Comerica Bank approximately $8.2 million for
         performing these processing and settlement services, which
         represents 33% of the total merchant discount fees paid by the
         Company in 2001. The Company expects to continue utilizing the
         credit card processing services of Comerica Bank following
         consummation of the Merger in accordance with the Company's past
         practice and the terms of the Comerica Processing Agreement."

Item 4.  The Solicitation or Recommendation

         Item 4 of the Schedule 14D-9 is hereby amended and supplemented by
deleting in its entirety the fourth paragraph under the section captioned
"Background" and replacing it with the following text:

         "From November 2001 through April 2002, the Company's management
         and/or CIBC World Markets contacted nineteen third parties
         potentially interested in pursuing an acquisition of the Company
         and provided information and/or made presentations to eighteen of
         such parties."

         Item 4 of the Schedule 14D-9 is hereby amended and supplemented by
deleting in its entirety the last two sentences of the first paragraph
under the section captioned "Reasons for the Board's Recommendation;
Factors Considered-Financial Condition and Prospects of the Company" and
replacing it with the following text:

         "The Company Board discussed the Company's historical losses,
         decreasing cash position and strategic plan for achieving
         profitability through increasing revenues and continuing to
         achieve operating cost savings and efficiencies. The Board
         recognized that the Company's prospects for revenue growth would
         likely be driven primarily through increased consumer utilization
         of the Company's services and an increase in the number of payment
         services for existing and new government clients. The Company
         Board also took note of the recent economic downturn and its
         negative impact on the level of federal income taxes owed by
         individuals in the April 2002 tax season, resulting in reduced
         revenue to the Company because it processed a lower volume of
         federal tax payments and federal tax dollars. The Company Board
         compared the value of the Offer Price to stockholders with the
         prospects for the Company remaining independent and achieving
         profitability in the foreseeable future in light of certain
         significant attendant risks, including the need for the Company to
         expend significant amounts of the Company's cash to continue
         operating in the future (estimated to be at least $10 million per
         year), the substantial revenue growth required to achieve
         profitability within the foreseeable future, the increasingly
         competitive environment in which the Company operates, the
         Company's limited ability on a standalone basis to obtain
         significant further decreases in the merchant discount rates
         charged by the credit card companies (which is the Company's
         largest cost of revenue), and the Company's difficulty in
         completing strategic acquisitions (which could contribute to
         revenue expansion opportunities and/or the attainment of
         operational efficiencies) because of its limited cash position and
         low stock price."

         Item 4 of the Schedule 14D-9 is hereby amended and supplemented by
adding the following text at the end of the section captioned "Reasons for
the Board's Recommendation; Factors Considered-Historical Stock Price
Performance":

         "While the Company Board recognized that the shares of Common
         Stock traded in a range of $1.50 to $6.00 in the 52 weeks prior to
         the announcement of the Offer, the Company Board believed that a
         return to a market price in excess of the Offer Price was not
         foreseeable in the near future based upon the Company's recent
         operational trends and results, the prospects for achieving
         profitability, the inability of the Company to attract a strategic
         investor and the lack of liquidity in the Common Stock."

         Item 4 of the Schedule 14D-9 is hereby amended and supplemented by
deleting in their entirety the second, third and fourth sentences of the
section captioned "Reasons for the Board's Recommendation; Factors
Considered-CIBC World Markets Presentation" and replacing them with the
following text:

         "Opinion of CIBC World Markets

         The Company requested CIBC World Markets to evaluate the fairness,
         from a financial point of view, to the holders of the Common Stock
         of the consideration to be received in the Offer and the Merger.
         On May 30, 2002, at a meeting of the Company Board held to
         evaluate the Offer and the Merger, CIBC World Markets rendered to
         the Company Board an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by
         delivery of a written opinion dated May 30, 2002, to the effect
         that, as of that date and based on and subject to the matters
         described in the opinion, the consideration to be received by the
         holders of Common Stock in the Offer and the Merger was fair, from
         a financial point of view, to such holders.

         The full text of CIBC World Markets' written opinion dated May 30,
         2002, which describes the assumptions made, matters considered and
         limitations on the review undertaken, is attached to this Schedule
         14D-9 as Annex A and is incorporated herein by reference. CIBC
         World Markets' opinion is addressed to the Company Board and
         relates only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of
         the consideration to be paid in the Offer and the Merger. The
         opinion does not address any other aspect of the Offer or the
         Merger or any related transaction, and does not constitute a
         recommendation to any stockholder as to whether such stockholder
         should tender shares of Common Stock in the Offer or how such
         stockholder should vote on the Merger or any related transaction.
         The summary of CIBC World Markets' opinion described below is
         qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of its
         opinion. Holders of Common Stock are urged to read the opinion
         carefully in its entirety.

         In arriving at its opinion, CIBC World Markets:

         -  reviewed the Merger Agreement and related documents, including
            the Stockholders Agreement;

         -  reviewed audited financial statements of the Company for the
            fiscal years ended December 31, 2000 and December 31, 2001;

         -  reviewed unaudited financial statements of the Company for the
            fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2002;

         -  reviewed financial projections of the Company prepared by the
            Company's management;

         -  reviewed historical market prices and trading volume for the
            Common Stock;

         -  held discussions with the Company's senior management with
            respect to the business and prospects for future growth of the
            Company;

         -  reviewed public information concerning the Company; and

         -  performed such other analyses, reviewed such other information
            and considered such other factors as CIBC World Markets deemed
            appropriate.

         In rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets relied on and
         assumed, without independent verification or investigation, the
         accuracy and completeness of all of the financial and other
         information provided to or discussed with it by the Company and
         its employees, representatives and affiliates. With respect to
         forecasts of the Company's future financial condition and
         operating results and the liquidation analysis provided to or
         discussed with CIBC World Markets, CIBC World Markets assumed,
         without independent verification or investigation, that the
         forecasts and analysis were reasonably prepared on bases
         reflecting the best available information, estimates and judgments
         of the Company's management.

         CIBC World Markets did not make or obtain any independent
         evaluations or appraisals of the assets or liabilities, contingent
         or otherwise, of the Company. CIBC World Markets expressed no
         opinion as to the Company's underlying valuation, future
         performance or long-term viability, or the price at which the
         Common Stock would trade after announcement of the transaction.
         CIBC World Markets' opinion does not constitute a recommendation
         of the Offer and the Merger over any other alternative transaction
         available to the Company. CIBC World Markets' opinion was
         necessarily based on the information available to CIBC World
         Markets and general economic, financial and stock market
         conditions and circumstances as they existed and could be
         evaluated by CIBC World Markets as of the date of its opinion.
         Although subsequent developments may affect its opinion, CIBC
         World Markets does not have any obligation to update, revise or
         reaffirm its opinion. The Company imposed no other instructions or
         limitations on CIBC World Markets with respect to the
         investigations made or the procedures followed by it in rendering
         its opinion.

         This summary is not a complete description of CIBC World Markets'
         opinion to the Company Board or the financial analyses performed
         and factors considered by CIBC World Markets in connection with
         its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
         analytical process involving various determinations as to the most
         appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
         application of those methods to the particular circumstances and,
         therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to
         summary description. CIBC World Markets believes that its analyses
         and this summary must be considered as a whole and that selecting
         portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on information
         presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and
         factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create
         a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying CIBC
         World Markets' analyses and opinion.

         In performing its analyses, CIBC World Markets considered industry
         performance, general business, economic, market and financial
         conditions and other matters existing as of the date of its
         opinion, many of which are beyond the Company's control. No
         company, transaction or business used in the analyses as a
         comparison is identical to the Company or the Offer and the
         Merger, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses is not
         entirely mathematical. Rather, the analyses involve complex
         considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating
         characteristics and other factors that could affect the
         acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies,
         business segments or transactions analyzed.

         The estimates contained in CIBC World Markets' analyses and the
         ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis are
         not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results,
         which may be significantly more or less favorable than those
         suggested by its analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the
         value of businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals
         or to reflect the prices at which businesses or securities
         actually may be sold. Accordingly, CIBC World Markets' analyses
         and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

         The type and amount of consideration payable in the Offer and the
         Merger was determined through negotiation between the Company and
         the Purchaser and the decision to enter into the Merger Agreement
         was solely that of the Company Board. CIBC World Markets' opinion
         and financial analyses were only one of many factors considered by
         the Company Board in its evaluation of the Merger Agreement and
         the transactions contemplated thereby and should not be viewed as
         determinative of the views of the Company Board or management with
         respect to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
         thereby.

         Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. CIBC World Markets performed a
         discounted cash flow analysis of the Company to calculate the
         estimated present value of the unlevered, after-tax free cash
         flows that the Company could generate for calendar years 2002
         through 2006, based on internal estimates of the Company's
         management. CIBC World Markets calculated a range of estimated
         terminal values by applying EBITDA terminal value multiples
         ranging from 10.0x to 20.0x to the Company's projected calendar
         year 2006 EBITDA. The present value of the cash flows and terminal
         values were calculated using discount rates ranging from 35% to
         55%. This analysis indicated the following approximate per share
         equity reference range for the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
         as compared to the value of the consideration in the Offer and the
         Merger:

          Per Share Equity Reference
            Range for the Company                  Value of Consideration
      -----------------------------------      -------------------------------
           $2.47 to $3.96 per share                   $3.00 per share

         Premiums Paid Analysis. CIBC World Markets performed an analysis
         of announced 100% cash transactions for the period from January 1,
         2001 to May 28, 2002, with transaction values ranging from $50
         million to $250 million. Premiums paid were measured in relation
         to the share price of the target as of one day, one week and four
         weeks prior to the announcement of the transaction. CIBC World
         Markets applied average premiums of 11.5% to 52.9% to the average
         of the Common Stock prices one day, one week and four weeks prior
         to announcement. This analysis indicated the following approximate
         per share equity reference range for the outstanding shares of
         Common Stock, as compared to the value of the consideration in the
         Offer and the Merger:

            Per Share Equity Reference
               Range for the Company                Value of Consideration
      -------------------------------------      -----------------------------
             $2.52 to $3.46 per share                  $3.00 per share

         Liquidation Analysis. CIBC World Markets performed a liquidation
         analysis of the Company's assets to calculate the potential range
         of net proceeds available for distribution upon an orderly
         liquidation of the Company, based on internal estimates of the
         Company's management as to the potential market value of the
         Company's assets, the amount of the Company's current liabilities
         and the potential amount of expenses associated with a
         liquidation. The potential range of net proceeds that would be
         available for distribution from an orderly liquidation of the
         Company was derived by applying a range of assumed liquidation
         percentages to the Company's estimated net asset value as of March
         31, 2002. This analysis resulted in an implied equity reference
         range for the Common Stock of approximately $1.37 to $1.49 per
         share.

         Other Factors. In rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets also
         reviewed and considered other factors, including:

         Historical trading prices of the Common Stock ranging from a low
         of $1.50 to a high of $6.00 per share for the 52-week period ended
         May 29, 2002.

         For purposes of rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets reviewed
         the publicly available data on comparable companies and
         transactions focusing specifically on companies in the transaction
         processing sector. However, because the Company had not
         historically generated positive cash flow or earnings, which in
         CIBC World Market's judgment are the primary metrics used by the
         market to value companies of this type, CIBC World Markets
         concluded that comparable company or precedent transaction
         analyses would not provide relevant benchmarks for evaluating the
         fairness of the consideration to be paid in the Offer and the
         Merger.

         Miscellaneous. The Company selected CIBC World Markets based on
         CIBC World Markets' reputation and expertise. CIBC World Markets
         is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and, as a
         customary part of its investment banking business, is regularly
         engaged in valuations of businesses and securities in connection
         with acquisitions and mergers, underwritings, secondary
         distributions of securities, private placements and valuations for
         other purposes. In the ordinary course of business, CIBC World
         Markets and its affiliates may actively trade securities of the
         Company, Parent and their affiliates for their own account and for
         the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a
         long or short position in those securities."

         Item 4 of the Schedule 14D-9 is hereby amended and supplemented by
deleting in its entirety the second sentence of the first paragraph under
the section captioned "Reasons for the Board's Recommendation; Factors
Considered-Other Potential Transactions" and replacing it with the
following text:

         "The Company Board noted that those discussions had resulted in
         preliminary proposals to acquire the Company for cash from three
         other parties, each of which represented lower aggregate
         consideration to the Company's stockholders compared to the
         aggregate consideration to be paid by Parent and Purchaser in the
         Offer and the Merger and two of which proposals contained
         significant additional conditions to consummation compared to the
         Offer and the Merger, thereby increasing the risk and difficulty
         in completing the proposed transaction."

Item 8.  Additional Information

         Item 8 of the Schedule 14D-9 is hereby amended and supplemented by
adding the following text:

         "Stockholder Litigation

         A purported class action complaint was filed in the Court of
         Chancery of the State of Delaware (the "Complaint") on June 19,
         2002, captioned as Roti v. Official Payments Corporation, et al.,
         Del. Ch., C.A. No. 19707. The Complaint, which challenges the
         proposed acquisition of the Company by Purchaser, names as
         defendants the Company, individual members of the Company's board
         of directors, Purchaser and Parent.

         Specifically, the Complaint alleged, among other things, that (i)
         the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duty of
         disclosure by omitting to disclose certain allegedly material
         information in publicly filed documents and (ii) Parent and
         Purchaser violated Section 203 of the Delaware General
         Corporations Law by purportedly failing to obtain the approval of
         the Company's board of directors before becoming an "interested
         stockholder" (as that term is defined under Section 203) in the
         Company. Plaintiff sought, among other things, (1) certification
         of this action as a class action, plaintiff as the class
         representative and her attorneys as class counsel; (2) injunctive
         relief; (3) rescissory and/or monetary damages; and (4) such other
         and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.

         On June 26, 2002, the parties to the Complaint entered into a
         Memorandum of Understanding with respect to a proposed settlement
         of the purported stockholder class action stockholder. The
         Memorandum of Understanding provides for certain additional
         disclosure set forth in this Amendment No. 1 to the Schedule 14D-9
         and for full releases of the defendants and certain related or
         affiliated persons and extinguishes all claims that have been,
         could have been or could be asserted by or on behalf of any member
         of the class against the defendants and/or any related or
         affiliated persons which in any manner relate to the allegations,
         facts or other matters raised in the lawsuits or which otherwise
         relate to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement,
         including the Offer and the Merger. The Memorandum of
         Understanding provides for the payment of up to $175,000 of fees
         and expenses for the plaintiff's counsel upon final approval of
         the settlement of the actions. The final settlement of the
         Complaint, including the amount of attorneys' fees to be paid, is
         subject to court approval and there can be no assurance that such
         approval will be obtained.

         The defendants to the lawsuits have denied that they have engaged
         in any wrongdoing whatsoever, and have agreed to the Memorandum of
         Understanding to eliminate the burden and expense of further
         litigation and to permit the Offer and Merger to proceed as
         scheduled.

         The foregoing summary of the Complaint is qualified in its
         entirety by reference to the Complaint, a copy of which is filed
         as Exhibit (a)(6) hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
         The forgoing summary of the Memorandum of Understanding is
         qualified in its entirety by reference to the Memorandum of
         Understanding, a copy of which has been filed as Exhibit (a)(7)
         hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

         Selected Financial Information

         The information below sets forth selected historical financial
         data relating to the Company. The results of operations for
         interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results for
         a full year. The selected financial data set forth below for each
         of the years in the five-year period ended December 31, 2001 have
         been derived from audited financial statements and should be read
         in conjunction with the financial statements, the notes to such
         financial statements and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
         Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained in the
         Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 2001.

                                                   Quarters Ended
                                                      March 31,                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                 ------------------   -------------------------------------------------
                                                   2002      2001       2001       2000      1999      1998      1997
                                                 --------  --------   --------   --------  --------   -------   -------
                                                              (In thousands, except per share data)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:

Net revenues.................................... $  4,346  $  3,502  $ 31,445   $ 26,084  $  8,841   $ 2,369    $1,202

Cost and Expenses:
     Cost of revenues...........................    3,128     2,805    26,364     20,907     6,345     1,028       669
     Sales and marketing........................    1,039     2,380     6,568      9,212     1,301       356       330
     Development costs..........................      876     1,039     4,344      2,953     1,032       608       206
     General and administrative.................    1,557     2,105     8,811     10,042     2,692       590       463
     Depreciation expenses......................      927       454     3,368      1,716       288        57        30
     Restructuring and asset abandonment........       --        --     6,045         --        --        --        --
     Amortization of deferred stock-based
         compensation...........................       --    19,803    19,803     15,728     7,940        --        --
                                                 --------  --------   -------   --------  --------  --------   -------
          Total operating expenses..............    7,527    28,586    75,303     60,558    19,598     2,639     1,698
                                                 --------  --------   -------   --------  --------  --------   -------
Loss from operations............................   (3,181)  (25,084)  (43,858)   (34,474)  (10,757)     (270)     (496)
Other income (expense), net.....................      221       949     2,537      4,436       357       (55)       (6)
                                                 --------  --------  --------   --------  --------  --------   -------
Net loss........................................ $ (2,960) $(24,135) $(41,321) $ (30,038) $(10,400)  $  (325)  $  (502)
                                                 ========  ========  ========  =========  ========  ========   =======

Basic and diluted net loss per share............ $  (0.13) $  (1.10) $ (1.88)  $   (1.40) $  (0.66)  $ (0.02)  $ (0.03)
                                                 ========  ========  =======   =========  ========  ========   =======

Weighted-average shares used in computing basic
and diluted net loss per share..................    22,027    21,846   21,948      21,421    15,677    15,000    15,000
                                                 =========  ========= =======   =========  ========  ========   =======

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
     Cash and short-term investments............   $ 45,311 $ 66,348 $ 49,130 $  65,898 $  80,825  $    631    $  182
     Working capital (deficit)..................     40,938   56,874   42,842    61,502    80,150       392      (221)
     Total assets...............................     57,986   76,636   59,847    76,263    84,300     1,747       764
     Total debt including current portion.......        584    1,058      708     1,184       597       810       389
     Stockholders' equity (deficit).............     44,956   64,763   47,594    68,453    81,561       184       (91)

The selected financial data of the Company set forth above as of and for
the three-month periods ended March 31, 2021 and 2001, respectively, have
been derived from unaudited financial statements and should be read in
conjunction with the financial statements, the notes to such financial
statements and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations" contained in the Company's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended March 31, 2002."

Item 9.  Exhibits.

Exhibit
No.                          Description

(a)(4)            Opinion of CIBC World Markets Corp., dated May 30, 2002
                  (included as Annex A to this Amendment No. 1 to the
                  Schedule 14D-9 and previously filed as an exhibit and
                  included as Annex A to the Schedule 14D-9 dated June 11,
                  2002).

(a)(6)            Complaint of Annette Roti, on behalf of herself and all
                  others similarly situated, against the Company, Andrew
                  Cohan, Thomas R. Evans, John R. Haggerty, John D. Lewis,
                  Lee E. Mikles, Bruce S. Nelson, Parent and Purchaser,
                  filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
                  on June 19, 2002.

(a)(7)            Memorandum of Understanding, dated June 26, 2002, between
                  the class action plaintiff and the named defendants.

Information Statement Pursuant to Section 14F

         The fifth paragraph of the "INFORMATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 14F OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND RULE 14F-1
THEREUNDER" set forth in Annex B to the Schedule 14D-9 is amended and
supplemented by deleting it in its entirety and replacing it with the
following text:

         "The information contained in this Information Statement
         concerning Purchaser and Parent and their respective officers,
         directors, representatives or affiliates has been furnished to the
         Company by Purchaser and Parent. The Company is relying on
         Purchaser and Parent to furnish accurate and complete information
         for inclusion in the Information Statement and has not
         independently verified the accuracy or completeness of such
         information."

         The first paragraph of the section captioned "Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions" in the "INFORMATION STATEMENT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 14F OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND RULE
14F-1 THEREUNDER" set forth in Annex B to the Schedule 14D-9 is amended and
supplemented by adding the following text at the end of such paragraph:

         "The Company expects to continue utilizing the credit card
         processing services of Comerica Bank following consummation of the
         Merger in accordance with the Company's past practice and the
         terms of the aforementioned agreement with Comerica (which was
         automatically renewed as of April 17, 2002 in accordance with its
         terms for an additional term through July 16, 2003)."

                                 SIGNATURE

         After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I
certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete
and correct.

                                        By: /s/ Thomas R. Evans
                                            ---------------------
                                            Name:  Thomas R. Evans
                                            Title: Chairman and Chief Executive
                                                   Officer

Dated: June 26, 2002

[LOGO OF CIBC WORLD MARKETS]                       ANNEX A

                                                   CIBC World Markets Corp.
                                                   425 Lexington Avenue
                                                   New York, NY 10017
                                                   Tel: 212-856-4000

May 30, 2002

Personal and Confidential

The Board of Directors
Official Payments Corporation
3 Landmark Square
Stamford, CT  06901

Members of the Board:

You have asked CIBC World Markets Corp. ("CIBC World Markets") to render a
written opinion ("Opinion") to the Board of Directors as to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, to the holders of the common stock of
Official Payments Corporation ("OPAY" or the "Company") of the
consideration to be received pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of May 30, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Tier
Technologies, Inc. ("Tier"), Kingfish Acquisition Corporation, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Tier ("Sub"), and OPAY. The Merger Agreement provides
for, among other things, (i) the commencement by Sub of a tender offer to
purchase all outstanding shares of the common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of OPAY (the "OPAY Common Stock", and such tender offer, the "Tender
Offer") at a purchase price of $3.00 per share, net to the seller in cash
(the "Cash Consideration") and (ii) subsequent to the Tender Offer, the
merger of Sub with and into OPAY (the "Merger" and, together with the
Tender Offer, the "Transaction") pursuant to which each outstanding share
of OPAY Common Stock not previously tendered will be converted into the
right to receive the Cash Consideration.

In arriving at our Opinion, we:

         (a)   reviewed the draft Merger Agreement dated May 30, 2002 and
               certain related documents, including the stockholders'
               agreement referred to therein;

         (b)   reviewed OPAY's audited financial statements for the fiscal
               years ended December 31, 1999, December 31, 2000 and
               December 31, 2001;

         (c)   reviewed OPAY's unaudited financial statements for the
               fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2002;

         (d)   reviewed financial projections of OPAY prepared by the
               management of OPAY;

         (e)   reviewed the historical market prices and trading volume for
               OPAY Common Stock;

         (f)   held discussions with the senior management of OPAY with
               respect to the business and prospects for future growth of
               OPAY;

         (g)   reviewed public information concerning OPAY; and

         (h)   performed such other analyses, reviewed such other
               information and considered such other factors as we deemed
               appropriate.

In rendering our Opinion, we relied upon and assumed, without independent
verification or investigation, the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information provided to or discussed with us by OPAY
and its employees, representatives and affiliates. With respect to
forecasts of the future financial condition and operating results of OPAY
and the liquidation analysis provided to or discussed with us, we assumed,
without independent verification or investigation, that such forecasts and
analysis were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best available
information, estimates and judgments of the management of OPAY. At the
direction of representatives of OPAY, we also assumed that the final terms
of the Merger Agreement will not vary materially from those set forth in
the draft reviewed by us. We have neither made nor obtained any independent
evaluations or appraisals of the assets or the liabilities (contingent or
otherwise) of OPAY. The Opinion rendered herein does not constitute a
recommendation of the Transaction over any other alternative transaction
which may be available to the Company. We are not expressing any opinion as
to the underlying valuation, future performance or long-term viability of
OPAY, or the price at which OPAY Common Stock will trade subsequent to
announcement of the Transaction. Our Opinion is necessarily based on the
information available to us and general economic, financial and stock
market conditions and circumstances as they exist and can be evaluated by
us on the date hereof. It should be understood that, although subsequent
developments may affect this Opinion, we do not have any obligation to
update, revise or reaffirm the Opinion.

As part of our investment banking business, we are regularly engaged in
valuations of businesses and securities in connection with acquisitions and
mergers, underwritings, secondary distributions of securities, private
placements and valuations for other purposes.

We have acted as financial advisor to OPAY in connection with the
Transaction and to the Board of Directors of OPAY in rendering this Opinion
and will receive a fee for our services, a significant portion of which is
contingent upon consummation of the Transaction. We have in the past
provided financial services to OPAY unrelated to the proposed Transaction,
for which services we have received compensation. In the ordinary course of
business, CIBC World Markets and its affiliates may actively trade
securities of OPAY, Tier and their affiliates for their own account and for
the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or
short position in such securities.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as of the
date hereof, the Cash Consideration to be received by the holders of OPAY
Common Stock in the Transaction is fair from a financial point of view to
such holders. This Opinion is for the use of the Board of Directors of
OPAY, and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to
whether such stockholder should tender shares of OPAY Common Stock in the
Tender Offer or how such stockholder should vote on any matters relating to
the proposed Transaction. Neither this Opinion nor the services provided by
CIBC World Markets in connection herewith may be publicly disclosed or
referred to in any manner by OPAY without the prior written approval by
CIBC World Markets. CIBC World Markets consents to the inclusion of this
Opinion in its entirety and any reference to this opinion in any
prospectus, proxy statement or solicitation/recommendation statement, as
the case may be required to be distributed to the Company's shareholders in
connection with the Transaction.

Very truly yours,

CIBC World Markets Corp.

                               EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.                        Description

(a)(4)            Opinion of CIBC World Markets Corp., dated May 30, 2002
                  (included as Annex A to this Amendment No. 1 to the
                  Schedule 14D-9 and previously filed as an exhibit and
                  included as Annex A to the Schedule 14D-9 dated June 11,
                  2002).

(a)(6)            Complaint of Annette Roti, on behalf of herself and all
                  others similarly situated, against the Company, Andrew
                  Cohan, Thomas R. Evans, John R. Haggerty, John D. Lewis,
                  Lee E. Mikles, Bruce S. Nelson, Parent and Purchaser,
                  filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
                  on June 19, 2002.

(a)(7)            Memorandum of Understanding, dated June 26, 2002, between
                  the class action plaintiff and the defendants.

EX-99

s375789.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(6)

             IN THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE

                        IN AND FOR NEW CASTLE COUNTY

ANNETTE ROTI,                               )
                                            )
                           Plaintiff,       )
                                            )
         v.                                 )
                                            )        Civil Action No. 19707-NC
OFFICIAL PAYMENTS CORPORATION,              )
ANDREW COHAN, THOMAS R. EVANS,              )
JOHN R. HAGGERTY, JOHN D. LEWIS,            )
LEE E. MICKLES, BRUCE S. NELSON,            )
TIER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and                 )
KINGFISH ACQUISITION                        )
CORPORATION,                                )
                                            )
                           Defendants.      )

                                 COMPLAINT

1.   This is an action on behalf of the public stockholders of Official
     Payments Corporation ("OPay" or the "Company"), seeking an injunction
     and other relief for defendants' breach of fiduciary duty of
     disclosure and violation of 8 Del. C.,ss.203 in connection with the
     proposed acquisition of OPay by Tier Technologies, Inc. ("Tier"). Tier
     is proposing to acquire OPay by means of a tender offer scheduled to
     close on July 9, 2002 which will be followed by a second step merger.

                                THE PARTIES

2.   Plaintiff is and has at all relevant times been a stockholder of OPay.

3.   Defendant OPay, a Delaware corporation, is a leading provider of
     electronic payment options to government entities. OPay has
     approximately 23 million shares of stock outstanding which are traded
     on NASDAQ. Comerica, Inc. ("Comerica"), Beranson Holdings Inc.
     ("Beranson") and Michaella Stern ("Stern") collectively own or control
     more than 63% of OPay's outstanding shares. Comerica owns 12,000,000
     shares (52%), Beranson (which is owned by Stern) owns 2,642,000 shares
     and Stern, the widow of OPay's founder, individually holds options to
     purchase another 199,252 shares.

4.   Defendant Andrew Cohan has at all relevant times been a director of
     OPay.

5.   Defendant Thomas R. Evans ("Evans") has at all relevant times been the
     Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of
     OPay.

6.   Defendant John D. Lewis has at all relevant times been a director of
     OPay. In addition, since January 1994 he has been Vice Chairman and
     Director of Comerica. Lewis is also the Vice Chairman of Comerica Bank
     and has held that position since March 1995.

7.   Defendant John R. Haggerty has at all relevant times been a director
     of OPay. He is Executive Vice President of Comerica. He has worked for
     Comerica since at least 1994.

8.   Defendant Lee E. Mickles has at all relevant times been a director of
     OPay.

9.   Defendant Bruce S. Nelson has at all relevant times been a director of
     OPay.

10.  Defendant Tier is a California corporation.

11.  Defendant Kingfish Acquisition Corporation ("Kingfish") is a Delaware
     corporation. Kingfish is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tier and was
     formed for the sole purpose of acquiring on behalf of Tier all of the
     outstanding shares of OPay's common stock.

                            FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS

12.  In early May 2002, Tier made a preliminary offer to purchase OPay for
     approximately $3 per share. That offer is an extremely low price. OPay
     went public in November 1999 at a price of $15 per share. OPay
     currently has cash and cash equivalents of more than $45 million (or
     approximately $2 per share) and working capital of more than $40
     million. The $3 per share offer effectively places the ridiculously
     low value of approximately $20 million on OPay's business.

13.  Tier was only willing to proceed with its low-ball deal if it could
     "lockup" the shares owned by OPay's large stockholders, Comerica,
     Beranson and Stern. In approximately mid-May, 2002, Tier sent a form
     of stockholders agreement directly to Comerica, Beranson and Stern and
     their representatives negotiated and reached an agreement, arrangement
     or understanding with respect to that stockholders agreement prior to
     May 30, 2002.

14.  On May 30, 2002, OPay's board approved an Agreement and Plan of Merger
     ("Agreement") with Tier and its wholly-owned subsidiary Kingfish.
     Pursuant to the Agreement, Kingfish commenced a cash tender offer to
     purchase all of the outstanding shares of OPay's common stock at a
     price of $3.00 per share. The Agreement further provides that assuming
     at least 90% of OPay's shares are tendered, Tier and Kingfish will
     engage in a short-form merger pursuant to which the remaining
     outstanding shares of OPay will be cashed out for the same low price
     of $3.00 per share.

15.  On May 30, 2002, the OPay board also approved the stockholders
     agreement that Tier, Comerica, Beranson and Stern had previously
     agreed on pursuant to which the latter three agreed, inter alia, to
     tender all of their shares to Kingfish pursuant to the tender offer.

16.  On June 11, 2002, Tier and Kingfish commenced the tender offer and
     filed form SC-TO-T with the Securities and Exchange Commission
     ("SEC"). On that same day, OPay filed its Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC.
     The tender offer is currently scheduled to close on July 9, 2002.

17.  Neither the SC-TO-T nor the 14D-9 include financial statements for
     OPay. The SC-TO-T and 14D-9 disclose virtually no financial
     information at all about OPay from which a reasonable stockholder
     could make a fully informed investment decision. The 14D-9 does
     indicate that OPay's board received a fairness opinion from an
     investment banker, CIBC World Markets ("CIBC"), but does not disclose
     anything about how CIBC reached its conclusion. The disclosures made
     to the Class are deficient for these and other reasons discussed
     below.

                        PLAINTIFF'S CLASS ALLEGATION

18.  Plaintiff brings this action on behalf of herself and all other
     persons who own common stock of OPay (the "Class") as a class action
     pursuant to Delaware Chancery Court Rule 23.

19.  This class action is properly maintained under Delaware Chancery Court
     Rule 23.

20.  The members of the Class are so numerous and geographically dispersed
     that individual joinder is impracticable. OPay has approximately 23
     million shares outstanding that are owned by shareholders living in
     many states across the United States.

21.  Common questions of law and fact exist as to all members of the Class.
     These common questions predominate over any questions which affect
     individual members of the Class and include, without limitation,
     whether defendants breached their disclosure duties and otherwise
     engaged in the violations of law alleged herein.

22.  Plaintiff will fairly and adequately protect the interests of the
     Class. Plaintiff has no interests adverse to the interests of the
     Class members. Plaintiff has sufficient incentive to prosecute this
     action diligently for herself and on behalf of the Class. Plaintiff
     has retained counsel competent and experienced in class action
     litigation and intend to pursue this action vigorously.

23.  This class action is an appropriate method for the fair and efficient
     adjudication of the claims asserted herein. Repetitive individualized
     litigation would impose an unnecessary burden on Class members and the
     court system. This class action is not expected to present any
     significant management difficulties and focuses, by definition, on the
     uniform and consistent action of the defendants.

                                  COUNT I
                  (BREACH OF FIDUCIARY DUTY OF DISCLOSURE)

24.  The foregoing allegations are repeated and reallegcd as if fully set
     forth herein.

25.  The individual defendants owe to plaintiff and the Class a fiduciary
     duty which requires them to disclose all material facts to OPay's
     stockholders in connection with the tender offer. Because of the way
     this transaction has been structured, the 14D-1 communicates the
     directors' approval and recommendation of the Agreement to the
     Company's stockholders and is the only communication OPay's
     stockholders have or will receive from their directors in connection
     with this transaction. Delaware law requires that directors who
     disclose such a recommendation also disclose such information about
     the background of the transaction, the process followed by them to
     maximize value in the sale, and their reasons for approving the
     transaction so as to be materially accurate and complete. The
     defendants are breaching their fiduciary duty of disclosure in at
     least the following respects;

                  A. No financial information about OPay has been disclosed
         to the Class in connection with the tender offer. No financial
         statements or other organized presentations of financial
         information are included in the 14D-9 or SC-TO-T. OPay is a
         company with more than $45 million in cash and cash equivalents
         ($2 per outstanding share of OPay) and more than $40 million in
         working capital. OPay just recently completed a restructuring.
         Under the circumstances, a reasonable stockholder needs detailed
         financial statements and up-to-date financial projections to be
         able to make a fully informed investment decision as to whether to
         tender into the $3 per share tender offer.

                  B. The disclosure of the reasons for the OPay board's
         recommendation that the stockholders tender into the tender offer
         are materially misleading and/or materially incomplete. The
         purported "reasons" disclosed are actually just a list of topics
         the board supposedly considered. What the stockholders need to
         know and are entitled to know is why the board believes that $3
         per share is a good deal, assuming they in fact believe that.
         Instead of making that disclosure, the 14D-9 indicates, for
         example, that "The Company Board also took into account that the
         Company's current cash position and the continued low market price
         of the Common Stock made it more expensive and difficult for the
         Company to complete strategic acquisitions (including, with
         respect to expansion of the Company's revenue base and attainment
         of operational efficiencies)." (14D-9 at p. 5). That is misleading
         without an explanation of what it was about the Company's "cash
         position" that was deemed to be a problem. The Company has $45
         million in cash and cash equivalents and $40 million in working
         capital (facts that are not disclosed). The Company has plenty of
         cash and is not going to run out of cash any time soon.

                  C. The 14D-9 indicates that CIBC opined that the $3 per
         share offer is fair, but there is no disclosure of the
         methodologies that CIBC employed in reaching that conclusion. The
         14D-9 simply refers to the attached CIBC opinion letter which
         merely states that the offer is "fair," subject to two pages of
         qualifications. That letter does not explain why or how CIBC
         concluded that the $3 per share offer is fair. Since the OPay
         board disclosed that one of the primary factors they relied on in
         recommending that stockholders tender was the CIBC opinion, and
         since the offer is only slightly higher than the cash and cash
         equivalents that the Company has on hand, an explanation of the
         methodologies that CIBC employed in reaching its opinion is
         material.

                  D. The 14D-9 fails to disclose what will happen to
         Comerica's agreements with OPay following the acquisition. OPay
         has agreements with Comerica pursuant to which Comerica is paid
         millions of dollars per year ($8.2 million in 2001) for credit
         card processing and settlement services. Therefore, Comerica is in
         a very different situation from other OPay stockholders. Its
         decision to sell its stock to a particular buyer is influenced by
         its desire to continue its lucrative credit card processing
         contracts. The 14D-9 fails to disclose what will become of those
         agreements following the acquisition of the Company by Tier.

                  E. The 14D-9 states that: "The Company Board also
         considered the information provided by CIBC World Markets and the
         Company's management concerning discussions with other potential
         acquirors and strategic investors since April 2001. The Company
         Board noted that none of those discussions had resulted in
         proposals to acquire the Company that were as favorable to the
         Company and its stockholders as the Offer and the Merger." That
         disclosure is materially incomplete. The board had a duty to
         obtain the maximum value reasonably available in connection with
         the sale of the Company. The stockholders are therefore entitled
         to a full and fair summary of the process followed by the board,
         including an explanation of any other offers that were received,
         so that the stockholders can evaluate for themselves whether the
         board acted reasonably to maximize value in the sale.

26.  The omitted and misstated information discussed above is material
     because a reasonable OPay stockholder needs that information to be
     able to make a fully informed assessment of whether to tender his, her
     or its shares pursuant to the tender offer.

27.  Plaintiff and the Class will suffer irreparable harm as a result of
     defendants' inadequate disclosures, and have no adequate remedy at law
     for defendants' breaches of fiduciary duty.

                                  COUNT II

                      (VIOLATION OF 8 DEL. C. ss.203)

28.  The foregoing allegations are repeated and realleged as if fully set
     forth herein.

29.  Tier and Kingfish are violating 8 Del. C.ss.203.

30.  Under ss.203, Tier and Kingfish are required to obtain the affirmative
     vote of 66-2/3% of the disinterested stockholders before effecting a
     "business combination" with OPay unless the OPay board approved Tier
     and Kingfish becoming an interested stockholder prior to when they
     became an interested stockholder.

31.  Tier and Kingfish became an interested stockholder prior to May 30,
     2002 when they reached an agreement, arrangement or understanding with
     Comerica on the terms of the stockholders agreement. It was not the
     formal execution of the stockholders agreement that caused Tier and
     Kingfish to become an interested stockholder, it was the agreement,
     arrangement and/or understanding that Tier, Kingfish and Comerica
     reached prior to May 30 that agreement was acceptable to both parties
     that caused Tier and Kingfish to become an interested stockholder. The
     OPay board did not approve Tier and Kingfish becoming an interested
     stockholder prior to May 30, 2002. Accordingly, the protections of
     ss.203 apply and Tier and Kingfish are prohibited from affecting a
     business combination with OPay for 3 years without first obtaining the
     affirmative vote of 66-2/3 of OPay's disinterested stockholders.

                             PRAYERS FOR RELIEF
         WHEREFORE, Plaintiff respectfully requests that the Court grant the
following relief:

1.   Certify this action as a class action and plaintiff as the
     representative of the Class and her attorneys as counsel for the
     Class;

2.   Enjoin the tender offer or award rescissory and/or monetary damages;

3.   Order such other relief as the Court deems equitable and just,
     including an award of attorneys' fees and costs.

                                            PRICKETT, JONES & ELLIOTT, P.A.

                                            By: /s/Ronald. A. Brown, Jr.
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Ronald A. Brown, Jr.
                                                1310 King Street
                                                P.O. Box 1328
                                                Wilmington, DE  19899
                                                (302) 888-6500
                                                Attorneys for Plaintiffs

Of Counsel:

Arthur T. Susman
Charles R. Watkins
John R. Wylie
Susman & Watkins
Two First National Plaza, Suite 600
Chicago, Illinois  60603
(312) 346-3466

Dated:  June 19, 2002

EX-99

ny375859.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(7)

             IN THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE
                        IN AND FOR NEW CASTLE COUNTY

ANNETTE ROTI,                         |              Civil Action No. 19707
                                      |
                      Plaintiff,      |
                                      |
         vs.                          |
                                      |
OFFICIAL PAYMENTS                     |
CORPORATION, ANDREW COHAN,            |
THOMAS R. EVANS, JOHN R.              |
HAGGERTY, JOHN D. LEWIS, LEE E.       |
MIKLES, BRUCE S. NELSON, TIER         |
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and KINGFISH       |
ACQUISITION CORPORATION,              |
                                      |
                      Defendants.     |
- -------------------------------------

                        MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING
                        ---------------------------

         WHEREAS, there is now pending a putative class action lawsuit in
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware in and for New Castle County
(the "Court") styled Annette Roti v. Official Payments Corporation, et al.,
CA No. 19707 (the "Action"), purportedly brought on behalf of a class
comprised of the common stockholders of Official Payments Corporation
("OPC" or the "Company") other than Defendants and their affiliates (the
"Class") against Defendants OPC, Andrew Cohan, Thomas R. Evans, John R.
Haggerty, John D. Lewis, Lee E. Mikles, Bruce S. Nelson, Tier Technologies,
Inc. ("Parent") and Kingfish Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Tier ("Purchaser") (collectively "Defendants").

         WHEREAS, Plaintiff's Complaint was filed on June 19, 2002
(hereinafter, the "Complaint");

         WHEREAS, the Complaint challenges a stockholder agreement between
Parent and certain OPC stockholders (the "Stockholder Agreement") and a
merger agreement (the "Merger Agreement) announced on May 31, 2002 between
Parent and OPC, pursuant to which, subject to certain conditions: (i)
Parent would conduct a tender offer (the "Tender Offer") to acquire any and
all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of OPC for $3.00 per share,
and (ii) Purchaser thereafter will merge with and into OPC, pursuant to
which all shares of OPC common stock not theretofore purchased or as to
which appraisal rights have not properly been demanded will be converted to
the right to receive $3.00 in cash per share, Purchaser will discontinue
its separate existence and OPC will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent (the "Merger");

         WHEREAS, the Complaint alleges, among other things, that: (i)
Defendants failed to disclose certain allegedly material information in its
14D-9 statement; and (ii) Defendants Parent and Purchaser are prohibited by
8 Del. C. ss. 203 from affecting a business combination with OPC for three
years without first obtaining the affirmative vote of 66-2/3% of OPC's
disinterested stockholders.

         WHEREAS, plaintiff seeks to enjoin consummation of the Tender Offer;

         WHEREAS, Defendants OPC, and Parent and Purchaser, submitted
letters in opposition to the Complaint and plaintiff's motion for expedited
proceedings;

         WHEREAS, plaintiff's counsel and Defendants' counsel engaged in
arm's-length negotiations concerning a possible settlement of the Action;

         WHEREAS, Defendants maintain that no supplemental disclosures in
connection with the Tender Offer or Merger are required and maintain that
they have committed no breaches of fiduciary duties or disclosure
violations whatsoever, and maintain that plaintiff's claims under 8 Del. C.
ss. 203 do not have merit;

         WHEREAS, counsel for the parties have reached an agreement in
principle providing for the settlement of the Action between and among
plaintiff, on behalf of herself and the putative Class, and Defendants, on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth below (the "Settlement")

         NOW THEREFORE, as a result of the foregoing and the negotiations
among counsel to the parties, the parties to the Action have agreed in
principle as follows:

         1. Amendment to the Tender Offer. Defendants maintain that they
are not required to issue any supplemental disclosures and that they have
committed no breaches of fiduciary duties related to price, disclosure or
otherwise. Nevertheless, solely in order to settle and resolve this matter,
Defendants shall amend the 14D-9 Statement by filing with the SEC an
amendment to the 14D-9 (the "Amendment") and shall deliver the Amendment to
stockholders by regular mail, as soon as practicable, which Amendment shall
be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. The parties, having
considered Exhibit A, agree that the Amendment as filed together with the
additional information contained in the 14D-9 or incorporated therein by
reference will fairly, reasonably and completely disclose all material
information necessary and sufficient to enable OPC shareholders to make an
informed decision.

         2. Discovery. The parties have agreed to cooperate in such
discovery, if any, as is reasonably necessary to confirm the fairness and
adequacy of the Settlement contemplated herein, including the production of
additional relevant documents and an individual or individuals for
interview. Production of documents will be conducted pursuant to a
Confidentiality Agreement, the terms of which shall be agreed upon by the
parties at a future date. The Settlement shall be subject to completion by
plaintiff of confirmatory discovery in the Action reasonably satisfactory
to plaintiff's counsel.

         3. Stipulation of Settlement. The parties to the Action will agree
upon and execute a Stipulation of Settlement (the "Stipulation") and such
other documentation as may be required in order to obtain Final Court
Approval (as defined below) of the settlement described herein (the
"Settlement Documents"). The Stipulation will expressly provide, inter
alia, for certification of a non-opt out settlement class pursuant to
Delaware Court of Chancery Rules 23(b)(1) and (b)(2) of holders of Common
Stock and their successors in interest and transferees, immediate and
remote, from May 31, 2002 through and including the effective date of the
Merger; for entry of a judgment dismissing the Action with prejudice and
without costs; for a complete release and settlement of all past, present
or future claims, rights, causes of actions, suits, matters and issues,
known or unknown, liquidated or non-liquidated, contingent or absolute,
state, federal or foreign, pursuant to statute, rule, regulation, common
law or civil law, whether direct, indirect, individual, class, derivative,
representative, legal, equitable or any other type, other than statutory
appriaisal rights, against Defendants or any of their families, parent
entities, affiliates, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors or assigns,
and each and all of their respective past, present or future officers,
directors, associates, stockholders, members, managers, controlling
persons, representatives, employees, attorneys, financial or investment
advisors, consultants, accountants, investment bankers, commercial bankers,
engineers, advisors or agents, heirs, executors, trustees, general or
limited partners or partnerships, personal representatives, estates or
administrators, which have been, or could have been, asserted relating to
the Action, the Tender Offer, the Stockholder Agreement, the Merger, the
Merger Agreement, and any related transaction (collectively the
"Transaction"), the actions of Defendants relating to the Transaction, the
related disclosure materials, disclosures, facts and allegations that are
or could (insofar as such transactions, disclosures, facts and allegations
relate to, or occurred in connection with, the subject matter of the
Action) be the subject of the Action or of an action in any federal, state,
arbitration or any other tribunal or forum including any claims arising
under federal, state or common law, including the federal securities laws;
that Defendants have denied and continue to deny that they have committed
or attempted to commit any violations of law or breaches of duty of any
kind; that Defendants are entering into the Stipulation solely because the
proposed Settlement would eliminate the burden, risk and expense of further
litigation, and is in the best interests of OPC and all its shareholders;
and that in the event that any claims related to the Transaction or the
subject matter of the Action (whether direct, derivative or otherwise) are
commenced against any person in any forum, state court, federal court,
arbitration or otherwise prior to Final Court Approval of the Settlement,
the parties agree to use their good faith efforts to obtain the dismissal
or stay in contemplation of dismissal of any such action.

         4. Intention of the Parties. It is the intention of the parties to
extinguish all such settled claims and consistent with such settled claims
and consistent with such intentions, the releasing parties waive their
rights to the extent permitted by state law, federal law or principle of
common law, which may have the effect of limiting the release set forth above.

         5. Notice and Court Approval. Subject to prior Court approval of
the Stipulation and the form of the Settlement Documents, the parties to
the Action will present the Settlement Documents to the Delaware Court of
Chancery for approval as soon as practicable following appropriate notice
of the proposed Settlement. Plaintiff shall take reasonable steps to file
the Stipulation with the Delaware Court of Chancery no later than July 15,
2002. As used herein, "Final Court Approval" of the Stipulation means that
the Delaware Court of Chancery has entered an order approving the
Stipulation and that such order is finally affirmed on appeal or is no
longer subject to appeal and the time for any petition for rearguments,
appeal or review, by certiorari or otherwise, has expired. Plaintiff's
counsel intend to apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery for an award of
attorneys' fees and reasonable out-of-pocket disbursements. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Memorandum of Understanding and the
contemplated Stipulation, Plaintiffs' counsel will apply for an award of
fees and expenses in an aggregate amount not exceeding $175,000, which
Defendants will not oppose, to be paid by Defendants to Prickett, Jones &
Elliot, if approved by the Court, within 10 days after the later of (i) the
effective date of the Merger; and (ii) Final Court Approval. Approval of
such fee application shall not be a condition to settlement. No such fees
or expenses shall be payable in the absence of Final Court Approval.

         6. Return of Documents. Within 15 days after Final Court Approval,
plaintiff's counsel, consistent with the terms of a Confidentiality
Agreement, the terms of which shall be agreed upon by the parties at a
future date, shall return to the producing party all discovery material
produced in the Action by any defendant or third party, and shall not
retain any copies or extracts thereof.

         7. Termination. This Memorandum of Understanding and the
Settlement Documents are not intended to create any obligation for Parent
or Purchaser to consummate the Transaction and shall not modify in any way
Parent or Purchaser's rights or obligations under any of the Transaction
documents. This Memorandum of Understanding and the Settlement Documents
shall be null and void and of no force and effect if: (a) the Merger
Agreement is terminated and the Tender Offer or Merger are abandoned; or
(b) the Settlement does not obtain Final Court Approval for any reason. In
such event, this Memorandum of Understanding shall not be deemed to
prejudice in any way the positions of the parties with respect to the
Action, shall be the subject of Rule 408 of the Delaware Rules of Evidence,
and shall not entitle any party to recovery of any costs or expenses
incurred in connection with the implementation of the Memorandum of
Understanding.

         8. Interim Stay of The Actions. The parties to the Action agree
that, except as expressly provided herein, the Action shall be stayed
pending submission of the proposed Settlement to the Court for its
consideration. Plaintiff's counsel agrees that the Defendants' time to
move, answer or otherwise respond to the Complaint and to respond to any
discovery propounded is extended without date. No defendant waives any
defense based on lack of personal jurisdiction, insufficiency of process or
insufficiency of service of process by reason of entry into this Memorandum
of Understanding or execution of the Settlement Documents and presentation
thereof to the Court. Counsel shall enter into such additional
documentation if any as shall be required to effectuate the foregoing
agreements.

         9. Counterparts. This Memorandum of Understanding may be executed
in counterparts by any of the signatories hereto, including by telecopier,
and as so executed shall constitute one agreement.

         10. Governing Law. This Memorandum of Understanding and the
Settlement contemplated by it shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to
Delaware's conflict of law rules.

         11. Amendments. This Memorandum of Understanding may be modified
or amended only by a writing signed by all the signatories hereto.

         12. Successors. This Memorandum of Understanding shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective agents,
executors, heirs, successors and assigns.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Memorandum
effective as of June 26, 2002:

OF COUNSEL:                                                  /s/ Ronald A. Brown, Jr.
                                                             ----------------------------------------
                                                             Ronald A. Brown, Jr.
Susman & Watkins                                             Prickett, Jones & Elliott
Two First National Plaza, Suite 600                          1310 King Street, P.O. Box 1328
Chicago, Illinois  60603                                     Wilmington, Delaware  19899

                                                             Attorney for Plaintiff

                                                             /s/ Karen P. Kimmey
OF COUNSEL:                                                  ----------------------------------------
                                                             Karen P. Kimmey
The Bayard Firm                                              Farella Braun & Martel, LLP
222 Delaware Avenue, Suite 900                               Russ Building, 30th Floor
Wilmington, Delaware  19899                                  235 Montgomery Street
                                                             San Francisco, California  94104

                                                             Attorney for Defendants Tier Technologies,
                                                             Inc. and Kingfish Acquisition Corporation

                                                             /s/ Edward P. Welch
                                                             ----------------------------------------
                                                             Edward P. Welch
                                                             Edward B. Micheletti
                                                             Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
                                                             One Rodney Square
                                                             P.O. Box 636
                                                             Wilmington, Delaware 19899-0636

                                                             Attorney for Defendants Official Payments
                                                             Corporation, Andrew Cohan, Thomas R.
                                                             Evans, John R. Haggerty, John D. Lewis,
                                                             Lee E. Mikles, and Bruce S. Nelson

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----