URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/836106/000089161802004549/0000891618-02-004549.txt

 FIRST ST
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089439700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		81 VISTA MONTANA
		STREET 2:		81 VISTA MONTANA
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

S-4/A

f83974a1sv4za.htm

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM S-4

Novellus Systems, Inc. Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4



As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on October 7, 2002

Registration No. 333-98909

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Amendment No. 1

To

Form S-4

REGISTRATION STATEMENT

Under

THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

Novellus Systems, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its
Charter)

California

77-0024666

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

    Incorporation or Organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial

    Classification Code Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

    Identification Number)

Novellus Systems, Inc.

4000 North First Street

San Jose, California 95134

(408) 943-9700

(Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone
Number,

Including Area Code, of Registrants
Principal Executive Offices)

Kevin S. Royal

Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer

Novellus Systems, Inc.

4000 North First Street

San Jose, California 95134

(408) 943-9700

(Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and
Telephone Number,

Including Area Code, of Agent for
Service)

With Copies To:

William D. Sherman, Esq.

    Stephanie J. Millet, Esq.

    Brian D. McAllister, Esq.

    Mary Anne Becking, Esq.

    Michael E. Miramontes, Esq.

    Morrison & Foerster LLP

    755 Page Mill Road

    Palo Alto, California 94304-1018

    (650) 813-5600

Steven D. Pidgeon, Esq.

    Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.

    One Arizona Center

    400 E. Van Buren

    Phoenix, AZ 85004-2002

    (602) 382-6000

Approximate Date of Commencement of Proposed
Sale to the Public:
 Upon consummation
of the merger described herein.

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

Proposed Maximum

Proposed Maximum

Amount Of

Title of Each Class of

Amount to be

Offering Price

Aggregate

Registration

Securities to be Registered

Registered(1)

Per Share(2)

Offering Price(2)

Fee

Common stock, no par value

7,521,456

$4.61

$190,725,593.00

$17,547.00(3)

(1) 

Based upon the maximum number of shares of common
    stock, no par value per share, of Novellus Systems, Inc., that
    may be issued pursuant to the merger, calculated as the product
    of (a) 41,372,146, the aggregate number of shares of
    SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.s common stock, no par value per share,
    outstanding on August 11, 2002, or issuable prior to the
    date the merger is expected to be consummated (i) pursuant
    to the exercise of outstanding options to purchase shares of
    common stock of SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc., (ii) upon the cash
    exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common
    stock of SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc., (iii) upon the conversion of
    the outstanding convertible notes of SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc., and
    (iv) pursuant to the scheduled purchases pursuant to the
    employee stock purchase plan of SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc., and
    (b) the exchange ratio of 0.1818 of a share of Novellus
    Systems, Inc. common stock for each share of common stock of
    SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.

(2) 

Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the
    registration fee required by the Securities Act of 1933, as
    amended, and computed pursuant to Rules 457(f) and (c)
    under the Securities Act based on $4.61, the average of the high
    and low per share prices of common stock of SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.
    on the Nasdaq National Market on August 27, 2002.

(3) 

Of which, $3,190.00 was paid with the original
    filing of the Registration Statement.

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its
effective date until the Registrant shall file a further
amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with
Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the
Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as
the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may
determine.



The information in this proxy
statement-prospectus is not complete and may be changed.
Novellus may not issue the common stock to be issued in
connection with the merger described in the proxy
statement-prospectus until the registration statement filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. Any
representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. This proxy
statement-prospectus is not an offer to sell the common stock
and Novellus is not soliciting an offer to buy the common stock
in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.

Subject to completion, dated October 7,

To the Shareholders of SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.

Merger Proposal  Your Vote is Very Important

Dear SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc. Shareholders:

On August 11, 2002, the board of directors
of SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc., or SpeedFam-IPEC, approved an agreement
to merge SpeedFam-IPEC with a newly-formed, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Novellus Systems, Inc., or Novellus, as a result
of which SpeedFam-IPEC would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Novellus.

In the merger, each share of SpeedFam-IPEC common
stock will be exchanged for 0.1818 of a share of Novellus common
stock. Accordingly, the value of the shares of Novellus that the
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders will receive will vary depending upon
the market price of Novellus common stock at the time of the
consummation of the merger. Novellus common stock is listed on
the Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol
NVLS, and on
October      , 2002, Novellus
common stock closed at
$          per
share. Based on the number of shares of common stock of
SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus outstanding on
October      , 2002, the former
shareholders of SpeedFam-IPEC will own approximately 4% of
Novellus common stock after the merger.

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC cannot complete the
merger unless the shareholders holding a majority of the
outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC adopt the reorganization
agreement. 
Your vote is very important. Whether or not you
plan to attend your shareholders meeting, please complete,
sign, date and return the accompanying proxy in the enclosed
self-addressed stamped envelope.
 Returning the proxy does
not deprive you of your right to attend the meeting and to vote
your shares in person.

After careful consideration, the board of
directors of SpeedFam-IPEC has determined that the merger and
the reorganization agreement are in the best interests of
SpeedFam-IPEC and its shareholders and that the terms of the
reorganization agreement and the merger are fair to
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders, and has declared the merger
advisable and has approved the reorganization
agreement.

This proxy statement-prospectus provides you with
information concerning Novellus and the merger. Please give all
of the information contained in the proxy statement-prospectus
your careful attention; investment in Novellus common stock
involves risk. 
In particular, you should carefully consider
the discussion in the section entitled Risk Factors
on page 29 of this proxy statement-prospectus.

SpeedFam-IPEC appreciates your interest in and
consideration of this matter.

Sincerely,

RICHARD J. FAUBERT

President and Chief Executive
    Officer

SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved
the shares of Novellus common stock to be issued in connection
with the merger or determined whether the accompanying proxy
statement-prospectus is adequate or accurate. Any representation
to the contrary is a criminal offense.

The accompanying proxy statement-prospectus is
dated October      , 2002 and was
first mailed to SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders on or about
October      , 2002.



 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

October       , 2002

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC, INC.:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a Special Meeting of
Shareholders of SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc., an Illinois corporation,
will be held on November      ,
2002, at 9:00 a.m., Mountain Standard Time, at
SpeedFam-IPECs offices located at 300 North
56th Street, Chandler, Arizona 85226, for the following
purposes, as more fully described in the proxy
statement-prospectus accompanying this Notice:

1.     To consider and
    vote upon a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of
    Reorganization, dated as of August 11, 2002, by and among
    Novellus Systems, Inc., NHL Acquisition-Sub, Inc., a
    wholly-owned subsidiary of Novellus Systems, Inc., and
    SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc. (see Annex A). Under the reorganization
    agreement, NHL Acquisition-Sub will merge with and into
    SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc., and SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc. will survive the
    merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Novellus. In the merger,
    holders of outstanding shares of common stock of SpeedFam-IPEC
    will receive 0.1818 of a share of Novellus common stock for each
    share of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock they hold. Adoption of the
    reorganization agreement will also constitute approval of the
    merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
    reorganization agreement.

2.     To transact such
    other business as may properly come before the meeting or any
    adjournment or adjournments thereof.

Only shareholders of record at the close of
business on October      , 2002
are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting.
The stock transfer books will not be closed between the record
date and the date of the meeting. A list of shareholders
entitled to vote at the special meeting will be available for
inspection at the executive offices of SpeedFam-IPEC.

All shareholders are cordially invited to attend
the meeting in person. Whether or not you plan to attend, please
sign and return the enclosed proxy as promptly as possible in
the envelope enclosed for your convenience. Should you receive
more than one proxy because your shares are registered in
different names and addresses, each proxy should be signed and
returned to assure that all your shares will be voted. You may
revoke your proxy at any time prior to the special meeting. If
you attend the special meeting and vote by ballot, your proxy
will be revoked automatically and only your vote at the special
meeting will be counted.

Pursuant to the Illinois Business Corporation
Act, holders of outstanding shares of common stock of
SpeedFam-IPEC who do not vote in favor of the reorganization
agreement and who comply with the requirements of
Sections 11.65 and 11.70 of the Illinois Business
Corporation Act will have, if the merger is consummated, the
right to seek appraisal of their shares of common stock. For a
more complete description of such dissenters rights, see
The Merger  Appraisal Rights on page 73
in the accompanying proxy statement-prospectus.

Sincerely,

PETER SIMONE

Executive Chairman of the Board of
    Directors

Chandler, Arizona

October      , 2002

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, REGARDLESS OF THE
NUMBER OF SHARES YOU OWN. PLEASE READ THE ATTACHED PROXY
STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS CAREFULLY, COMPLETE, SIGN AND DATE THE
ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE AND RETURN IT IN THE
ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS

The Companies

Summary of the Transaction

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF NOVELLUS

RECENT FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA

Novellus Market Price Information

SpeedFam-IPEC Market Price Information

Recent Closing Prices

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF NOVELLUS AND SPEEDFAM-IPEC

RISK FACTORS

TRENDS, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RELATING TO THE MERGER

TRENDS, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RELATING TO SPEEDFAM-IPEC

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC SHAREHOLDERS

Purpose of the Special Meeting.

Date, Time and Place; Shareholder Record Date for the Special Meeting.

Vote of SpeedFam-IPEC Shareholders Required for Adoption of the Reorganization Agreement.

Proxies.

Solicitation of Proxies.

Board Recommendation.

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger.

Reasons for the Transaction.

Recommendation of SpeedFam-IPECs Board of Directors.

Consideration of the Merger by SpeedFam-IPECs Board of Directors.

Opinion of SpeedFam-IPECs Financial Advisor.

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers of SpeedFam-IPEC in the Merger.

Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger.

Structure of the Merger and Conversion of SpeedFam-IPEC Common Stock.

Exchange of SpeedFam-IPEC Stock Certificates for Novellus Stock Certificates.

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger.

Regulatory Filings and Approvals Required to Complete the Merger.

Restrictions on Sales of Shares by Affiliates of SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus.

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Novellus common stock to be Issued in the Merger.

Appraisal Rights.

Dividend Policy.

THE REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT

The Merger.

Closing and Effective Time of the Merger.

Conversion of Securities.

Representations and Warranties.

SpeedFam-IPECs Conduct of Business Before Completion of the Merger.

Restrictions On Other Negotiations Involving SpeedFam-IPEC.

Recommendation of the Board of Directors.

SpeedFam-IPECs Employee Benefit Plans.

Treatment of SpeedFam-IPEC Stock Options.

Treatment of SpeedFam-IPEC Warrants.

Treatment of SpeedFam-IPEC Convertible Notes.

Indemnification and Directors and Officers Insurance.

Consents and Antitrust Filings.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger.

Termination of the Reorganization Agreement.

Expenses; Payment of Termination Fees.

Extension, Waiver and Amendment.

Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Novellus Stock.

Operations After the Merger.

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC COMMON STOCK AND NOVELLUS COMMON STOCK

Director Nominations and Shareholder Proposals.

Amendment to Governing Documents.

Mergers and Other Major Transactions.

Cumulative Voting.

Appraisal Rights.

Derivative Action.

Right to Call Special Meeting of Shareholders.

Shareholder Consent in Lieu of Meeting.

Fiduciary Duties of Directors.

Indemnification.

Director Liability.

Anti-Takeover Provisions and Interested Shareholder Transactions.

Advance Notice and Record Date.

Inspection of Books and Records.

Size of the Board of Directors.

Removal of Directors.

Transactions Involving Directors.

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors.

Inspection of Shareholders List.

Dividends.

Preemptive Rights.

SHARE OWNERSHIP BY PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS, MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

ARTICLE I The Merger

ARTICLE II Representations and Warranties of Company

ARTICLE IIIRepresentations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub

ARTICLE IV Conduct Prior to the Effective Time

ARTICLE V Additional Agreements

ARTICLE VI Conditions to the Merger

ARTICLE VII Termination, Amendment and Waiver

APPENDIX I

ANNEX B

ANNEX C

SIGNATURES

EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT 5.1

EXHIBIT 8.1

EXHIBIT 8.2

EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.2

EXHIBIT 23.5





Page

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

iv

SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS

The Companies

Summary of the Transaction

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
    OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
    OF NOVELLUS

RECENT FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA

Novellus Market Price Information

SpeedFam-IPEC Market Price Information

Recent Closing Prices

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF NOVELLUS AND SPEEDFAM-IPEC

RISK FACTORS

TRENDS, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RELATING TO THE
    MERGER

TRENDS, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RELATING TO
    NOVELLUS

TRENDS, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RELATING TO
    SPEEDFAM-IPEC

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC SHAREHOLDERS

Purpose of the Special Meeting

Shareholder Record Date for the Special Meeting

Vote of SpeedFam-IPEC Shareholders Required for
    Adoption of the Reorganization Agreement

Proxies

Solicitation of Proxies

Board Recommendation

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

Reasons for the Transaction

Recommendation of SpeedFam-IPECs Board of
    Directors

Consideration of the Merger by
    SpeedFam-IPECs Board of Directors

Opinion of SpeedFam-IPECs Financial Advisor

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in
    the Merger

Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger

Structure of the Merger and Conversion of
    SpeedFam-IPEC Common Stock

Exchange of SpeedFam-IPEC Stock Certificates for
    Novellus Stock Certificates

Material United States Federal Income Tax
    Consequences of the Merger

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

Regulatory Filings and Approvals Required to
    Complete the Merger

Restrictions on Sales of Shares by Affiliates of
    SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Novellus
    Common Stock to be Issued in the Merger

Appraisal Rights

Dividend Policy

i



Page

THE REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT

The Merger

Closing and Effective Time of the Merger

Conversion of Securities

Representations and Warranties

SpeedFam-IPECs Conduct of Business Before
    Completion of the Merger

Restrictions On Other Negotiations Involving
    SpeedFam-IPEC

Recommendations of the Board of Directors

SpeedFam-IPECs Employee Benefit Plans

Treatment of SpeedFam-IPEC Stock Options

Treatment of SpeedFam-IPEC Warrants

Treatment of SpeedFam-IPEC Convertible Notes

Indemnification and Directors and Officers
    Insurance

Consents and Antitrust Filings

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

Termination of the Reorganization Agreement

Expenses; Payment of Termination Fees

Extension, Waiver and Amendment

Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Novellus Stock

Operations After the Merger

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC
    COMMON STOCK AND NOVELLUS COMMON STOCK

Director Nominations and Shareholder Proposals

Amendment to Governing Documents

Mergers and Other Major Transactions

Cumulative Voting

Appraisal Rights

Derivative Action

Right to Call Special Meeting of Shareholders

Shareholder Consent in Lieu of Meeting

Fiduciary Duties of Directors

Indemnification

Director Liability

Anti-Takeover Provisions and Interested
    Shareholder Transactions

Advance Notice and Record Date

Inspection of Books and Records

Size of the Board of Directors

Removal of Directors

Transactions Involving Directors

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors

Inspection of Shareholders List

Dividends

Preemptive Rights

SHARE OWNERSHIP BY PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS,
    MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC

ii



Page

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEX A  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
    REORGANIZATION

A-1

ANNEX B  OPINION OF NEEDHAM &
    COMPANY

B-1

ANNEX C  ILLINOIS DISSENTERS
    RIGHTS LAW

C-1

iii



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
MERGER

Q:

Who is Novellus?

A: 

Novellus Systems, Inc., or Novellus, is a leading
    supplier of high productivity semiconductor equipment used for
    the fabrication of integrated circuits. Novellus supplies
    equipment that is used to manufacture the microscopic conductive
    wires that connect the transistors on a semiconductor chip,
    equipment used to create the insulators between the wires, and
    equipment used to prepare the surface of the chip before and
    after each of the manufacturing steps noted above. Novellus has
    sold one or more of its systems to each of the 20 largest
    semiconductor manufacturers in the world. Novellus is traded on
    the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol NVLS.

Q:

Why are Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.
    proposing the merger?

A:

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc., or
    SpeedFam-IPEC, are proposing the merger to enable the merged
    entity to provide a more comprehensive product line to
    semiconductor manufacturers. Specifically, Novellus and
    SpeedFam-IPEC are proposing the merger for the following
    reasons, as well as others described in this proxy
    statement-prospectus:

 

The merger will enhance product offerings to
    customers by combining SpeedFam-IPECs products with
    Novellus product offerings.

 

The merger is expected to enable the combined
    company to more effectively develop and deliver to semiconductor
    manufacturers the equipment and processes used to create a
    copper wiring system on an integrated circuit. Several types of
    machines are used in this process. One machine deposits thin
    layers of insulating material. Another machine deposits thin
    layers of copper (a conducting material). In addition, another
    machine cleans the surface of the wafer prior to depositing the
    insulating and conducting materials mentioned above (this
    cleaning process is similar to the process of cleaning a canvas
    prior to painting in order to ensure that the surface is free of
    particles so the paint will not flake). The SpeedFam-IPEC
    acquisition will add a piece of equipment to the combined
    companys portfolio that removes excess insulating and
    copper material from the wafer in much the same way as a sander
    removes material from a flat surface). SpeedFam-IPECs
    Momentum product uses chemicals and an orbital type sanding
    machine to remove material from the surface of a wafer to make
    its surface flat. Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC also expect that
    the combination of the companies will allow more efficient
    development of new equipment and processes and more efficient
    distribution through a central distribution channel.

 

The merger is expected to provide the combined
    company with the opportunity to interactively optimize surface
    preparation, chemical mechanical polish and deposition steps in
    semiconductor manufacturing to increase overall device
    performance and to give the combined entity a major advantage in
    extending copper and low-k processes to advanced semiconductor
    devices.

Q:

What will SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders
    receive for their SpeedFam-IPEC shares?

A: 

SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders will receive 0.1818 of
    a share of Novellus common stock in exchange for each of their
    shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock. Accordingly, the value of
    the shares that the SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders will receive will
    vary depending upon the market price of Novellus common stock at
    the time of the consummation of the merger. Novellus will not
    issue fractional shares in the merger. Instead of a fraction of
    a share, SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders will receive an amount of
    cash, without interest, equal to the product of (x) such
    fraction, multiplied by (y) the average closing price per
    share of Novellus common stock as quoted on Nasdaq for the
    20 trading days ending on the day which is two trading days
    before the closing of the merger, less any amounts required to
    be withheld under foreign, federal, state or local tax laws.

iv



Q:

When will the merger occur?

A:

The merger will occur after approval of
    SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders is obtained and the other conditions
    to the merger, including regulatory approvals, are satisfied or
    waived. Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC are working towards
    completing the merger as quickly as reasonably possible.

Q:

Do Novellus or SpeedFam-IPEC have the right to
    terminate the reorganization agreement based upon their stock
    prices?

A:

No. The exchange ratio is fixed at 0.1818
    and neither Novellus nor SpeedFam-IPEC has the right to
    walk-away from the transaction based on the fact
    that its or the other partys stock price increases or
    decreases.

Q:

How will the merger affect SpeedFam-IPEC stock
    options?

A:

Options to purchase shares of SpeedFam-IPEC
    common stock will be assumed by Novellus and become exercisable
    for shares of Novellus common stock after the merger. The number
    of shares covered by these options, and their applicable
    exercise prices, will be adjusted using the merger exchange
    ratio of 0.1818 of a share of Novellus common stock for each
    share of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock that was subject to the
    applicable option prior to the merger (subject to adjustment to
    reflect the effect of any stock split, stock dividend,
    recapitalization, reclassification or the like on SpeedFam-IPEC
    or Novellus common stock).

Q:

Will SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders be able to
    trade the Novellus stock they receive in the merger?

A:

Yes. The Novellus common stock will be listed on
    The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol NVLS.
    Certain persons who are deemed affiliates of SpeedFam-IPEC will
    be required to comply with Rule 145 under the Securities
    Act if they sell their shares of Novellus common stock received
    in the merger.

Q:

Am I entitled to appraisal rights?

A: 

Yes. Under Illinois law, you are entitled to
    dissenters or appraisal rights in connection with the
    merger, provided that you follow the procedures set forth under
    applicable Illinois law, as more fully described in The
    Merger  Appraisal Rights on page 73.

Q:

Are there risks I should consider in deciding
    whether to vote for the merger?

A: 

Yes. We have set out in the section entitled
    Risk Factors beginning on page 29 of this proxy
    statement-prospectus a number of risk factors that you should
    consider in connection with the merger.

Q:

How will SpeedFam-IPEC fit into Novellus after
    the merger?

A:

Following the merger, SpeedFam-IPEC will operate
    as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Novellus. The employees of
    SpeedFam-IPEC will become employees of the surviving corporation
    or of Novellus.

Q:

What do I need to do now?

A:

Following your review of this proxy
    statement-prospectus, mail your signed proxy card in the
    enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares
    can be voted at the special meeting of SpeedFam-IPEC
    shareholders.

Q:

How do I vote on the merger?

A:

Following your review of this document, complete
    and sign the enclosed proxy card, and then mail it in the
    enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares
    can be voted at the special meeting of SpeedFam-IPEC
    shareholders at which the reorganization agreement and the
    merger will be presented and voted upon. You may also attend the
    special meeting in person and vote at the special meeting
    instead of submitting a proxy.

v



Q:

What happens if I return my proxy card but
    dont indicate how to vote?

A:

If you sign your proxy properly but do not
    include instructions on how to vote, your SpeedFam-IPEC shares
    will be voted FOR adoption of the reorganization agreement.

Q:

What happens if I dont return a proxy
    card at all?

A:

Not returning your proxy card will have the same
    effect as voting against adoption of the reorganization
    agreement and against approval of the merger.

Q:

Can I change my vote after I have mailed my
    signed proxy card?

A:

Yes. You can change your vote at any time before
    your proxy is voted at the special meeting. You can do this in
    one of three ways. First, you can send a written notice to
    SpeedFam-IPEC stating that you would like to revoke your proxy.
    Second, you can complete and submit a new proxy card. Third, you
    can attend the special meeting and vote in person.

Q:

If my broker holds my shares in street name,
    will my broker vote my shares for me?

A:

No. Your broker will not be able to vote
    your shares without instructions from you. If you have
    instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must follow
    directions received from your broker to change those
    instructions.

Q:

Should I send in my stock certificates
    now?

A:

No. After the merger is completed,
    Novellus exchange agent will send SpeedFam-IPEC
    shareholders written instructions for exchanging their
    SpeedFam-IPEC stock certificates for new Novellus stock
    certificates.

Q:

Who can help answer my questions?

A:

You can write or call SpeedFam-IPECs
    Secretary, J. Michael Dodson, at 305 North 54th Street,
    Chandler, Arizona 85226-2416, telephone (480) 705-2100 with
    any questions about the merger, the reorganization agreement and
    the special meeting.

vi



SUMMARY OF THE PROXY
STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS

This summary may not contain all of the
information that is important to you. You should carefully read
this entire document and the other documents to which the
summary refers, including the documents attached as annexes to
this proxy statement-prospectus, for a more complete
understanding of the merger. In addition, the proxy
statement-prospectus incorporates by reference important
business and financial information about Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC. You may obtain the information incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement-prospectus without charge by
following the instructions in the section entitled Where
You Can Find More Information on page 103 of this proxy
statement-prospectus.

The Companies

SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.

305 North 54th Street

Chandler, Arizona 85226

Attn: Investor Relations

(480) 705-2100

SpeedFam-IPEC is a global supplier of chemical
mechanical planarization (CMP) systems, which smooth the
surface of a silicon wafer, with more than 1,300 systems
installed worldwide. SpeedFam-IPEC designs, develops,
manufactures, markets and supports CMP systems for use in the
fabrication of advanced semiconductor devices.

Semiconductor chips are built on a base of
silicon, called a wafer, and include multiple layers of wiring,
which connect a variety of circuit components, such as
transistors and other structures. CMP is used to
planarize  or smooth  the surface of the
wafer to prepare it for the next layer of processing. CMP has
become an increasingly critical processing step as semiconductor
manufacturers utilize thinner and more numerous layers of
interconnect on increasingly larger wafers, to enable the
production of smaller, faster and more complex chips at a lower
cost.

SpeedFam-IPEC recently developed a CMP system,
marketed under the Momentum
TM
 trademark, that is
specifically designed to process 200 and 300 millimeter
wafers with device feature sizes of 0.13 micron and below.
SpeedFam-IPEC believes Momentum
TM
 offers a number of
advantages over competitive products, including:

 

Yield-enhancing performance metrics that enable
    the consistent production of devices with advanced feature sizes
    of 0.13 micron and below;

 

Lower cost of ownership and environmental impact
    through a proprietary design that significantly reduces the use
    of consumables (such as pads, slurries and deionized water), as
    well as waste to be disposed of; and

 

More robust and flexible processing features,
    which increase wafer throughput by up to 30%.

SpeedFam-IPECs success is highly dependent
upon its ability to effectively complete and win current and
future Momentum
TM
 evaluations, and to become the
tool of record to several top semiconductor
manufacturers. To date, several manufacturers have selected
Momentum
TM
 as a CMP tool of record for
200 millimeter wafer processing, although, with the
downturn in the industry and lower capital spending by
manufacturers, SpeedFam-IPEC sales of this product have been
limited. SpeedFam-IPEC has also placed for evaluation with
several manufacturers (or a consortium of manufacturers) its
300 millimeter Momentum
TM
 product.

Although SpeedFam-IPECs CMP segment has
provided the substantial majority of its revenues during the
last several years, SpeedFam-IPEC also markets high-throughput
precision surface processing equipment for the silicon wafer
market and consumables used in surface processing. SpeedFam-IPEC
also manufactures and markets polishing systems for general
industrial applications.



SpeedFam-IPEC was incorporated in Illinois in
1959 as SpeedLap Corporation. In April 1999, Integrated Process
Equipment Corp. (IPEC), a supplier of CMP systems, merged into a
wholly-owned subsidiary of SpeedFam International, Inc.
Following the merger, SpeedFam International, Inc. changed its
name to SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc. and its subsidiary used in the
merger changed its name to SpeedFam-IPEC Corporation. Unless the
context otherwise requires, references to
SpeedFam-IPEC refer to SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc., an
Illinois corporation, and its wholly owned subsidiaries.
SpeedFam-IPECs principal executive offices are located at
305 North 54th Street, Chandler, Arizona 85226 and its telephone
number is (480) 705-2100. Additional information about
SpeedFam-IPEC is available on SpeedFam-IPECs website at

www.sfamipec.com.

Novellus Systems, Inc.

4000 North First Street

San Jose, California 95134

Attn: Investor Relations

(408) 943-9700

Novellus is a leading supplier of high
productivity semiconductor equipment used for the fabrication of
integrated circuits. Novellus supplies equipment that is used to
manufacture the microscopic wires that conduct the electricity
in a semiconductor chip, equipment used to create the insulators
between the wires, and equipment used to prepare the surface of
the chip before and after each of the manufacturing steps noted
above. Novellus has sold one or more of its systems to each of
the 20 largest semiconductor manufacturers in the world.
Novellus is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol NVLS.

The wires and insulators on a microchip are
created by a process called thin film deposition. Novellus
growth strategy focuses on providing thin film deposition and
surface preparation solutions for the interconnect,
that circuitry on the surface of a chip that connects the
millions and millions of transistors together, and carries the
electrical signals. Todays complex semiconductor devices
are being designed with wires that are as small as 0.13 microns
(there are 25,400 microns to an inch), and up to ten
interconnect layers are required to wire together all the
transistors. Each additional interconnect layer in the
manufacturing sequence requires a number of separate deposition
and surface preparation steps, which drives the need for the
equipment that Novellus supplies. Novellus believes that the
greater complexity and number of interconnect layers in advanced
integrated circuits will enable the markets for both deposition
and surface preparation equipment to grow over the short term.
The electronics market is also driving a continued evolution to
smaller and faster chips, which drives the need for more
sophisticated manufacturing equipment. This more sophisticated
equipment typically has a higher acquisition (capital) cost
than previous generations, and so the semiconductor industry is
increasingly focused on getting higher productivity and a lower
overall cost-of-ownership out of the manufacturing equipment it
purchases. Novellus product offerings seek to address these
productivity and cost-of-ownership concerns.

Novellus was incorporated in California in 1984.
References herein to Novellus refer to Novellus
Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Novellus headquarters
are located at 4000 North First Street, San Jose,
California 95134, and Novellus telephone number is
(408) 943-9700. Additional information about Novellus is
available on Novellus website at

www.novellus.com.

Summary of the Transaction

Structure of the Transaction.

NHL Acquisition-Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Novellus, will merge with and into SpeedFam-IPEC
with SpeedFam-IPEC then becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Novellus. Following the merger, SpeedFam-IPECs current
shareholders will own common stock in SpeedFam-IPECs
parent company, Novellus.



Shareholder Approval (see
    page 49).

To approve the merger, the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPECs common stock
must adopt the reorganization agreement. Novellus shareholders
are not required to vote on the reorganization agreement and
will not vote on the merger.

As of
October      , 2002, the record
date for the special meeting, directors and executive officers
of SpeedFam-IPEC and their affiliates, each of whom has agreed
to approve the merger and adopt the reorganization agreement,
held approximately 163,455 shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common
stock (in addition to approximately 1.5 million shares of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock underlying options exercisable by
such directors and executive officers within 60 days of
October      , 2002), representing
approximately 1% of all outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC
common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting as of
October      , 2002.
SpeedFam-IPECs directors and executive officers are not
expected to exercise any of their options prior to the effective
date of the merger.

SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders are entitled to
cast one vote for each share of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock they
owned as of October      , 2002,
the record date for the special meeting of shareholders of
SpeedFam-IPEC.

Recommendations of the Board of Directors
    of SpeedFam-IPEC (see pages 51, 58 and 82).

After careful consideration, the board of
directors of SpeedFam-IPEC has determined the merger and the
reorganization agreement are in the best interests of
SpeedFam-IPEC and its shareholders and the terms of the merger
and the reorganization agreement are fair to
SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders, has declared the merger
advisable, and has approved the reorganization agreement.

THE SPEEDFAM-IPEC BOARD OF DIRECTORS
RECOMMENDS THAT THE HOLDERS OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC STOCK APPROVE AND
ADOPT THE REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT AND APPROVE THE
MERGER.

Opinion of SpeedFam-IPECs Financial
    Advisor (see page 60).

On August 11, 2002, Needham &
Company, Inc., or Needham & Company, delivered to the
board of directors of SpeedFam-IPEC its oral opinion, which was
subsequently confirmed by delivery of its written opinion dated
August 11, 2002, that, as of such date and based upon and
subject to the assumptions, limitations and other considerations
set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger is
fair from a financial point of view to the holders of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock, other than Novellus and its
affiliates. The full text of the written opinion of
Needham & Company, which sets forth the procedures
followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limits on
review undertaken, has been attached as Annex B to this
proxy statement-prospectus. You are encouraged to read this
opinion carefully in its entirety. The opinion of Needham &
Company is addressed to the SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors and
relates only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of
the exchange ratio to the holders of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock,
other than Novellus and its affiliates. The opinion does not
address any other aspects of the proposed merger and does not
constitute an opinion or recommendation to SpeedFam-IPEC, its
board of directors, any shareholder or any other person as to
any specific action which should be taken with respect to the
merger, including with respect to how any shareholder should
vote at the special meeting.

Procedure for Exchanging Your SpeedFam-IPEC
    Stock Certificates (see page 69).

After the merger is completed, Novellus
exchange agent will send SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders written
instructions for exchanging their SpeedFam-IPEC stock
certificates for new Novellus stock certificates. 
Do not send
your SpeedFam-IPEC stock certificates now.

Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger
    (see page 68).

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC will complete the
merger when all of the conditions to complete the merger are
satisfied or waived. The merger will become effective when
articles of merger are filed with the



State of Illinois. Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC are
working toward completing the merger as quickly as reasonably
possible.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger (see
    page 84).

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs
obligations to complete the merger are subject to certain
conditions. The conditions that must be satisfied or, in the
case of legal opinions, waived, before the completion of the
merger include the following:

 

The registration statement on Form S-4, of
    which this proxy statement-prospectus forms a part, must become
    effective, no stop order may be in effect and no proceedings by
    the Securities and Exchange Commission for suspension of its
    effectiveness may be pending;

 

The reorganization agreement must be adopted by
    the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
    outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock;

 

No law, rule, regulation, judgment, decree,
    injunction, executive order or award is in effect which has the
    effect of making the merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting
    completion of the merger;

 

The waiting period, and any extensions,
    applicable to the completion of the merger under the
    Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, or under
    any other foreign antitrust or combination law and any material
    filing, comment, approval or authorization legally required must
    either have expired, been terminated or been obtained; and

 

Legal opinions regarding the treatment of the
    merger as a tax-free reorganization must be received by Novellus
    and SpeedFam-IPEC; although this condition may be waived by the
    parties, the vote of the shareholders of SpeedFam-IPEC would be
    resolicited should the federal income tax consequences to them
    be determined to be materially different from those described in
    this proxy statement-prospectus.

SpeedFam-IPECs obligations to complete the
merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the
following additional conditions before completion of the merger:

 

Novellus representations and warranties
    must be materially true and correct, except where the failure to
    be so true and correct has not had a material adverse effect on
    Novellus; and

 

Novellus has performed or complied in all
    material respects with all of its agreements and covenants to be
    performed or complied with by it at or before completion of the
    merger.

Novellus obligations to complete the merger
are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the
following additional conditions before completion of the merger:

 

SpeedFam-IPECs representations and
    warranties must be materially true and correct, except where the
    failure to be true and correct has not had a material adverse
    effect on SpeedFam-IPEC;

 

SpeedFam-IPEC has performed or complied in all
    material respects with all of its agreements and covenants to be
    performed or complied with by it at or before completion of the
    merger;

 

SpeedFam-IPECs fees in connection with the
    merger shall not have exceeded $1.9 million; and

 

Holders of no more than 10% of the outstanding
    shares of SpeedFam-IPEC have either elected to exercise their
    rights to dissent from the merger or shall be otherwise entitled
    to exercise their rights to dissent from the merger.

Any of the above conditions may be waived in
writing by the party that benefits from the condition.

No Solicitation by SpeedFam-IPEC (see
    page 80).

SpeedFam-IPEC has agreed, subject to specified
exceptions, not to initiate or engage in discussions with any
other party which has made, or has notified SpeedFam-IPEC in
writing that it intends to make, a takeover proposal about a
business combination while the merger is pending.



Termination of the Reorganization Agreement
    (see page 85).

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC can mutually agree in
writing to terminate the reorganization agreement without
completing the merger and either Novellus or SpeedFam-IPEC can
terminate the reorganization agreement upon the occurrence of
several events including:

 

The failure to complete the merger before
    February 11, 2003, which date may be extended by the mutual
    written consent of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC;

 

A final and nonappealable permanent injunction or
    other order of a court preventing the merger;

 

The failure of SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders
    to adopt the reorganization agreement at a special meeting of
    the SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders; or

 

The material breach by the other party of any
    representation, warranty, obligation or agreement under the
    reorganization agreement (other than a breach which has not had,
    and would not reasonably be expected to result in, a material
    adverse effect on the non-breaching party) if the breach is not
    cured within 20 business days of written notice of the breach.

Additionally, Novellus may terminate the
reorganization agreement upon the occurrence of several other
events including:

 

The withdrawal or modification by
    SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors of its recommendation of
    the merger in a manner adverse to Novellus or the
    recommendation, endorsement, acceptance or agreement to an
    alternative transaction meeting the requirements set forth in
    the reorganization agreement or a tender or exchange offer for
    30% or more of the outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC, or the
    rejection of the alternative transaction or tender offer by
    SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors, accompanied by the
    failure to give Novellus a written reaffirmation of the
    boards recommendation of the merger within five business
    days following a request by Novellus for such a reaffirmation; or

 

SpeedFam-IPEC or any of its subsidiaries or their
    respective officers, directors, employees or representatives
    willfully breaches or violates the no solicitation restrictions
    set forth in the reorganization agreement.

Furthermore, SpeedFam-IPEC may terminate the
reorganization agreement if SpeedFam-IPECs board of
directors recommends, endorses, accepts or agrees to an
alternative transaction which is superior to the merger.

Payment of Termination Fees (see
    page 86).

SpeedFam-IPEC must pay Novellus a termination fee
equal to $5 million upon the termination of the
reorganization agreement and the occurrence of the following
events:

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors withdraws
    or modifies its recommendation of the merger in a manner adverse
    to Novellus;

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors
    recommends, endorses, accepts or agrees to an alternative
    transaction meeting the requirements set forth in the
    reorganization agreement;

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors publicly
    announces that it has rejected an unsolicited proposal for an
    alternative transaction, but fails to give Novellus a written
    reaffirmation of its recommendation of the merger within five
    business days following Novellus request for such
    reaffirmation;

 

There is a tender offer for 30% or more of the
    outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC and the SpeedFam-IPEC board
    of directors: (i) recommends to shareholders that they
    tender their shares in the tender offer or (ii) fails to
    recommend against the tender offer or takes no position with
    respect to the tender offer and, in either case, fails to give
    Novellus a written reaffirmation of its recommendation of the
    merger within five business days following Novellus
    request for such reaffirmation; and



 

SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders fail to approve
    the merger following an unsolicited proposal for an alternative
    transaction, and within six months of termination SpeedFam-IPEC
    enters into a term sheet, letter of intent, or definitive
    agreement with respect to an alternative transaction.

Alternatively, SpeedFam-IPEC must pay Novellus a
termination fee equal to $2.5 million upon the termination
of the reorganization agreement if SpeedFam-IPEC or any of its
subsidiaries or their respective officers, directors, employees
or representatives willfully breach or violate the no
solicitation restrictions set forth in the reorganization
agreement.

Additionally, both SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus
must promptly reimburse the other party for all of the actual,
documented, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred
by the other party in connection with the reorganization
agreement if the reorganization agreement is terminated by the
other party because SpeedFam-IPEC or Novellus materially
breaches any representation, warranty, obligation or agreement
under the reorganization agreement (other than a breach which
has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to result in,
a material adverse effect on such party) and the breach is not
cured within 20 business days of written notice of the
breach.

Interests of Directors and Executive
    Officers in the Merger (see page 67).

When considering the recommendation of
SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors, you should be aware
that some SpeedFam-IPEC directors and executive officers have
interests in the merger that are different from, or are in
addition to, your interests.

Some of the directors and officers of
SpeedFam-IPEC participate or will participate in employment
agreements and other arrangements and have continuing
indemnification against liabilities that provide them with
interests in the merger that are different from, or are in
addition to, your interests. The members of the SpeedFam-IPEC
board of directors knew about these additional interests, and
considered them, when they approved the merger and the
reorganization agreement.

As a result of these interests, these directors
and officers may be more likely to vote to adopt the
reorganization agreement and approve the merger than if they did
not hold these interests. You should consider whether these
interests may have influenced these directors and officers to
support or recommend the merger.

     U.S. Federal
Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (see page
69).

The merger is structured so that, in general,
SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders will not recognize gain or
loss for United States federal income tax purposes upon the
merger, except for taxes payable because of cash received by
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders instead of fractional shares. In
connection with the filing of the registration statement on
Form S-4, of which this proxy statement-prospectus forms a
part, Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC have received legal opinions of
their respective counsel stating that the merger will qualify as
a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code. Those legal opinions are filed as
exhibits to the registration statement on Form S-4 of which
this proxy statement-prospectus forms a part. In addition, it is
a condition to the closing of the merger that Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC receive updated legal opinions stating that the
merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. This condition
may be waived in writing by either of the parties. In the event
that either of these tax opinions is withdrawn or otherwise not
delivered at the Closing, or if the condition is waived, the
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders will be resolicited should the
federal income tax consequences to them be determined to be
materially different from those described herein.

The legal opinions described above are based upon
certain representations, assumptions and limitations, and are
not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or a court. You
should consult your own tax advisor regarding the tax
consequences of the merger to you. For a more detailed
description of the anticipated tax consequences of the merger,
see the section of this proxy statement-prospectus entitled
Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of
the Merger beginning on page 69.



     Accounting
Treatment of the Merger (see page 72).

The merger will be accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting in accordance with accounting
principles that are generally accepted in the United States.

     Antitrust
Approval Required to Complete the Merger (see page
72).

The merger was subject to review under both
United States and certain foreign antitrust laws. Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC made the required filings with the United States
Department of Justice and the United States Federal Trade
Commission under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976. On September 4, 2002, the United States
Department of Justice and the United States Federal Trade
Commission granted Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC early termination
of the waiting period for such filings. The merger was also
subject to review under the antitrust laws of Taiwan. Novellus
and SpeedFam-IPEC made the required filings with the Fair Trade
Commission of the Republic of China. On September 24, 2002,
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC received notification from the Fair
Trade Commission of the Republic of China that the commission
would not exercise jurisdiction over the merger.

As of the date of this filing, neither Novellus
or SpeedFam-IPEC is aware of any other required filings to be
made with respect to foreign antitrust regulatory laws. However,
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC will make any other required filings
with foreign antitrust regulatory agencies or governmental
entities prior to the consummation of the merger. Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC intend to comply with all requests for information
from the United States Department of Justice or the United
States Federal Trade Commission or any applicable foreign
antitrust regulatory agency or governmental entity. The United
States Department of Justice or the United States Federal Trade
Commission, as well as a foreign antitrust regulatory agency or
government, state or private person, may challenge the merger at
any time before or after its completion.

     Restrictions
on the Ability to Sell Novellus Stock (see page
73).

Under the reorganization agreement, Novellus will
be entitled to place appropriate legends on the certificates
evidencing any Novellus common stock to be received by
affiliates of SpeedFam-IPEC. In addition, affiliates of
SpeedFam-IPEC have also acknowledged the resale restrictions
imposed by Rule 145 under the Securities Act on shares of
Novellus common stock to be received by them in the merger.

All shares of Novellus common stock received by a
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholder in connection with the merger will be
freely transferable unless the shareholder is considered an
affiliate of either Novellus or SpeedFam-IPEC under the federal
securities laws.

     Appraisal
Rights (see page 73).

Under applicable law, the SpeedFam-IPEC
shareholders are entitled to dissenters or appraisal
rights in connection with the merger.

     Expenses (see
page 86).

Except for the termination fees payable by
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC in certain circumstances, each party
has agreed to pay all expenses it incurs in connection with the
merger, whether or not the merger is completed.



SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
DATA OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC

Set forth below is a summary of certain
consolidated financial information with respect to SpeedFam-IPEC
as of the dates and for the periods indicated. The consolidated
statements of operations data set forth below for the fiscal
years ended June 1, 2002, June 2, 2001 and
June 3, 2000 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of
June 1, 2002 and June 2, 2001 have been derived from
SpeedFam-IPECs consolidated financial statements, which
have been audited and are incorporated in this proxy
statement-prospectus by reference. The consolidated statements
of operations data set forth below for the fiscal years ended
May 31, 1999 and May 31, 1998 and the consolidated
balance sheet data as of June 3, 2000, May 31, 1999
and May 31, 1998 have been derived from
SpeedFam-IPECs consolidated financial statements which
have been audited and are not incorporated in this proxy
statement-prospectus by reference.

Fiscal Year Ended

June 1,

June 2,

June 3,

May 31,

May 31,

(in thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated Statements of Operations
    Data:

Net sales

$

119,166

$

267,080

$

274,048

$

216,425

$

374,268

Net loss from continuing operations

(91,490

)

(97,946

)

(14,178

)

(139,775

)

(18,818

)

Loss from discontinued operations









(10,578

)

Cumulative effect of accounting changes(1)

(2,582

)

(36,542

)







Net loss(2)(3)

(94,072

)

(134,488

)

(14,178

)

(139,775

)

(29,396

)

Cumulative dividend on preferred stock







(174

)

(244

)

Net loss attributable to common shareholders

$

(94,072

)

$

(134,488

)

$

(14,178

)

$

(139,949

)

$

(29,640

)

Amounts as if the accounting changes were applied
    retroactively(4):

Net loss

$

(91,490

)

$

(97,003

)

$

(35,240

)

$

(139,006

)

$

(28,697

)

Net loss per share:

Basic and diluted

$

(3.01

)

$

(3.24

)

$

(1.19

)

$

(4.81

)

$

(1.04

)

Net loss per common share:

Basic and diluted:

From continuing operations

$

(3.01

)

$

(3.27

)

$

(0.48

)

$

(4.84

)

$

(0.69

)

From discontinued operations

$



$



$



$



$

(0.39

)

From cumulative effect of accounting changes

$

(0.08

)

$

(1.22

)

$



$



$



Net loss attributable to common shareholders

$

(3.09

)

$

(4.49

)

$

(0.48

)

$

(4.84

)

$

(1.08

)

Weighted average shares used in per share
    calculation 

Basic and diluted

30,414

29,961

29,503

28,890

27,469

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:

Working capital

$

69,868

$

139,520

$

238,196

$

243,735

$

374,426

Total assets

176,827

314,885

435,080

443,778

575,653

Long-term debt, less current maturities

115,054

115,124

115,162

116,129

117,078



(1) 

Fiscal year 2002 reflects the adoption of the
    Financial Accounting Standards Boards Statement of
    Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 142,
    Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, which resulted
    in a non-cash charge of $2.6 million related to the
    cumulative effect of the accounting change as of June 3,
    2001. Fiscal year 2001 reflects the adoption of Staff Accounting
    Bulletin (SAB) No. 101, Revenue Recognition in
    Financial Statements, which resulted in a non-cash charge
    of $36.5 million related to the cumulative effect of the
    accounting change as of June 4, 2000.

(2) 

Includes $0.1 million, $(3.8) million,
    $0.1 million and $2.8 million for the 2001 through
    1998 fiscal years, respectively, attributable to
    SpeedFam-IPECs share of net earnings (loss) from the
    Far East Joint Venture, accounted for on the equity method. The
    remainder represents SpeedFam-IPECs share of net earnings
    from the Fujimi Joint Venture.

(3) 

Includes merger, integration and restructuring
    charges of $48.1 million, $58.3 million, and
    $53.9 million for the fiscal years 2002, 2001 and 1999,
    respectively. There were no merger, integration and
    restructuring charges for 2000 and 1998.

(4) 

Data is not available in sufficient detail to
    show pro forma information for 1999 and 1998 for the impact of
    SAB 101. Therefore, 1999 and 1998 only reflect the
    elimination of goodwill amortization under SFAS No. 142.



SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
DATA OF NOVELLUS

Set forth below is a summary of certain
consolidated financial information with respect to Novellus as
of the dates and for the periods indicated. The consolidated
statements of operations data set forth below for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 and the
consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2001 and
2000 have been derived from Novellus consolidated
financial statements which have been audited and are
incorporated in this proxy statement-prospectus by reference.
The consolidated statements of operations data set forth below
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998 and 1997 and
the consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31,
1999, 1998 and 1997 have been derived from Novellus
consolidated financial statements which have been audited and
are not incorporated in this proxy statement-prospectus by
reference. Novellus merged with GaSonics International
Corporation, or GaSonics, on January 10, 2001, in a
transaction accounted for as a pooling of interests. The
selected financial data includes the operating results and
financial data of Novellus and GaSonics for all periods. The
selected historical financial data of Novellus as of and for the
six months ended June 29, 2002 and June 30, 2001 has
been derived from Novellus unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements which are incorporated in this
proxy statement-prospectus by reference. The selected historical
financial data for the six months ended June 29, 2002 and
June 30, 2001 includes, in the opinion of Novellus
management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring
adjustments, which Novellus considers necessary to present
fairly the results of operations and financial position of such
periods.

Six Months Ended

Fiscal Year Ended December 31,

June 29,

June 30,

2002(8)

2001(8)

2001(8)

2000(3)

(in thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated Statements of Operations
    Data:

Net sales

$

391,826

$

835,604

$

1,339,322

$

1,319,486

$

657,021

$

619,208

$

655,260

Gross profit

173,094

454,609

691,351

730,893

351,839

330,774

354,913

Income (loss) before cumulative effect of
    change in accounting principle

15,849

141,323

144,470

239,168

68,707

47,115

(92,657

)

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle







(89,788

)







Net income (loss)

15,849

(5)

141,323

(6)

144,470

(4)

149,380

(3,7)

68,707

47,115

(92,657

)(1)

Per common share:

Income (loss) before cumulative effect of
    change in accounting principle

Basic

$

0.11

$

1.00

$

1.01

$

1.76

(7)

$

0.56

$

0.43

$

(0.87

)

Diluted

$

0.11

$

0.95

$

0.97

$

1.66

(7)

$

0.54

$

0.42

$

(0.87

)

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle

Basic







$

(0.66

)(3,7)







Diluted







$

(0.62

)(3,7)







Net income (loss)

Basic

$

0.11

$

1.00

$

1.01

$

1.10

(3,7)

$

0.56

$

0.43

$

(0.87

)(1)

Diluted

$

0.11

$

0.95

$

0.97

$

1.04

(3,7)

$

0.54

$

0.42

$

(0.87

)(1)

Shares used in basic per share calculations

144,687

141,638

142,462

135,728

122,261

109,406

106,860

Shares used in diluted per share calculations

150,838

148,876

148,924

143,654

127,826

112,437

106,860

(2)

Pro forma amounts assuming retroactive
    application of the change in accounting principle related to
    revenue recognition: (unaudited)(3)

Net Income

$

39,550

(3)



(3)



(3)

Net income per share, diluted

$

0.31



(3)



(3)



Six Months Ended

Fiscal Year Ended December 31,

June 29,

June 30,

2002(8)

2001(8)

2001(8)

2000(3)

(in thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:

Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments

$

941,894

$

921,822

$

1,219,664

$

413,014

$

163,156

$

122,973

Working capital

1,275,150

1,379,543

1,410,836

646,063

344,908

283,159

Total assets

3,086,317

3,009,662

2,205,474

1,000,352

649,155

597,682

Long-term obligations









65,223

65,401

Shareholders equity

1,932,095

1,871,994

1,641,475

837,537

450,873

380,194

(1) 

Novellus reported loss of
    $92.7 million or $0.87 per share for the year ended
    December 31, 1997 includes pre-tax charges totaling
    $238.1 million, consisting of $133.5 million in
    connection with the acquisition of TFS, a write-off of
    $20.6 million in connection with outstanding accounts
    receivable from Submicron Technology, Inc. and charges totaling
    $84.0 million in connection with the May 4, 1997
    settlement of the TEOS patent litigation.

(2) 

Excludes common stock equivalents, as they are
    antidilutive to the loss per share for the year.

(3) 

Novellus recorded a non-cash charge of
    $89.8 million, after reduction for income taxes of
    $48.6 million, or $0.62 per diluted share, to reflect the
    cumulative effect of the accounting change as of January 1,
    2000 related to the adoption of SAB No. 101. If the
    change in accounting principle had been applied retroactively to
    1999, net sales would have been $582.4 million. Data was
    not available to calculate the effect of applying the change in
    accounting principle for years prior to 1999.

(4) 

Novellus recorded pre-tax charges totaling
    $84.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2001,
    associated with restructuring and merger activities, the other
    than temporary decline in value of an investment, and the
    write-off of a bad debt.

(5) 

Novellus recorded a pre-tax benefit of
    $9.0 million for the six months ended June 29, 2002
    associated with the recovery of a receivable previously written
    off to bad debt and a gain on the sale of an investment, offset
    by costs related to a reduction in force, primarily severance
    costs.

(6) 

Novellus recorded pre-tax charges totaling
    $13.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2001
    as the result of merger activities.

(7) 

Net income for the year ended December 31,
    2000 also included a pre-tax charge of $6.0 million for
    in-process research and development associated with the
    acquisition of Gamma Precision Technology.

(8) 

Novellus adopted SFAS No. 142 in the first
    quarter of 2002. As a result of the adoption, Novellus no longer
    amortizes goodwill, which resulted in an increase in net income
    of $1.8 million for the six months ended June 29,
    2002. Retroactive application of SFAS No. 142 would
    have resulted in a similar increase in net income for the six
    months ended June 30, 2001, to $143.1 million, or
    $0.96 per diluted share and an increase in net income of
    $3.5 million, to $148.0 million in 2001, or $0.99 per
    diluted share. Amortization of goodwill was immaterial in all
    previous years shown.



SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL DATA OF NOVELLUS AND
SPEEDFAM-IPEC

The following selected unaudited pro forma
condensed combined consolidated financial data set forth below
gives effect to the merger of SpeedFam-IPEC by Novellus under
the purchase method of accounting, as required under the rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The following selected unaudited pro forma
condensed combined consolidated balance sheet data as of
June 29, 2002 is presented to give effect to the proposed
merger as if it occurred on June 29, 2002 and, due to
different fiscal period ends, combines the historical unaudited
balance sheet of Novellus at June 29, 2002 and the
historical audited balance sheet of SpeedFam-IPEC at
June 1, 2002. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed
combined consolidated statement of operations of Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC for the six months ended June 29, 2002
is presented as if the combination had taken place on
January 1, 2001 and, due to different fiscal period ends,
combines the selected historical results of Novellus for the six
months ended June 29, 2002 and the selected historical
results of SpeedFam-IPEC for the six months ended June 1,
2002, which represents the third and fourth quarters of fiscal
year 2002 for SpeedFam-IPEC. The selected unaudited pro forma
condensed combined consolidated statement of operations data of
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC for the year ended December 31,
2001 is presented as if the combination had taken place on
January 1, 2001 and, due to different fiscal period ends,
combines the selected historical results of Novellus for the
year ended December 31, 2001 and the selected historical
results of SpeedFam-IPEC for the twelve months ended
December 1, 2001, which represents the third and fourth
quarters of fiscal year 2001 and the first and second quarters
of fiscal year 2002 for SpeedFam-IPEC.

The selected unaudited pro forma condensed
combined consolidated financial data is based on estimates and
assumptions. This data is not intended to represent or be
indicative of the consolidated results of operations or
financial conditions of Novellus that would have been reported
had the merger been completed as of the dates presented, and is
not intended to represent or be indicative of future
consolidated results of operations or financial condition of
Novellus.

This selected unaudited pro forma condensed
combined consolidated financial data should be read in
conjunction with the summary selected historical consolidated
financial data of each of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC,
respectively, included elsewhere in this prospectus, the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial
statements of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC and accompanying notes
included elsewhere in this prospectus, and the separate
historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement-prospectus.



SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL DATA

NOVELLUS AND SPEEDFAM-IPEC

(in thousands, except per share
amounts)

Six Months Ended

Year Ended

June 29, 2002

December 31, 2001

Net sales

$

444,083

$

1,516,381

Gross profit

184,022

$

660,008

Income before cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle

$

52,773

Income before cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle per share:

Basic

$

0.00

$

0.36

Diluted

$

0.00

$

0.34

Shares used in basic per share calculations

150,216

147,974

Shares used in diluted per share calculations

156,653

154,724

As of

June 29, 2002

Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments

$

975,252

Working capital

1,373,001

Total assets

3,376,819

Long-term obligations

118,774

Shareholders equity

2,074,421



RECENT FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

On June 21, 2002, SpeedFam-IPEC completed a
sale-leaseback transaction of its corporate headquarters and
research and development facilities in Chandler, Arizona. The
purchaser/lessor is Phoenix Industrial Investment
Partners, L.P., a firm controlled by Kenneth Levy, a
director of SpeedFam-IPEC. The sales price was $25 million.
In connection with the sale of the buildings, SpeedFam-IPEC has
simultaneously entered into a 15-year lease for the buildings.
The lease, which has been accounted for as an operating lease,
contains provisions for three, five-year extensions and requires
minimum annual rental payments of $3.0 million. Annual
operating expenses will increase by approximately
$2.4 million, reflecting the new rental payments, offset by
interest income on the net proceeds and reduced depreciation
expense. As a result of the transaction, SpeedFam-IPEC received
net cash proceeds of approximately $23.7 million. The book
value of buildings and improvements removed from the balance
sheet in the first quarter of 2003 is $25.1 million. The
loss on the sale of the buildings was immaterial.

In August 2002, SpeedFam-IPEC issued options to
its employees to purchase approximately 1.4 million shares
of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock. These options were issued at an
exercise price equal to the quoted market price on the
respective grant dates. The weighted average exercise price of
options issued in August 2002 was $2.8537 per share.

On July 26, 2002, the security holders of
Novellus Liquid Yield Option Notes, or LYONs, exercised
their option to deliver the LYONs to Novellus and required
Novellus to repurchase substantially all the outstanding LYONs
for $1,000 in cash each on such date, representing
$880.0 million. Novellus repurchased the LYONs with its
restricted short-term investments, which had matured to
$880.0 million. Novellus will record a charge of
approximately $17.0 million to other expense for the
remaining unamortized issuance costs related to the LYONs in the
quarter ended September 28, 2002.

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

The following table summarizes historical
financial information and unaudited pro forma combined and
equivalent pro forma financial information on a per share basis.

The unaudited pro forma combined financial
information assumes that the merger was completed on
January 1, 2001. The basic and diluted unaudited pro forma
combined per share information assumes 0.1818 of a share of
Novellus common stock will be exchanged for each share of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock in connection with the merger and the
assumption of stock options and warrants based upon the same
exchange ratio.

Historical book value per share is computed by
dividing shareholders equity by the number of shares of
common stock outstanding at the end of the period. Novellus pro
forma combined book value per share is computed by dividing pro
forma combined shareholders equity by the pro forma number
of shares of Novellus common stock outstanding at the end of the
period.

The unaudited equivalent pro forma per share
information for SpeedFam-IPEC is based on the unaudited pro
forma combined amounts per share for Novellus multiplied by the
exchange ratio of 0.1818.

The information set forth below is qualified in
its entirety by reference to, and should be read in conjunction
with, the separate historical financial information of Novellus
and SpeedFam-IPEC incorporated by reference and the selected
historical financial information and pro forma combined
financial information of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC included in
this document.



As of and for the

As of and for the

Six Months

Year Ended

Ended

December 31,

June 29, 2002

Historical Novellus

Basic net income per common share

$

0.11

$

1.01

Diluted net income per common share

0.11

0.97

Book value per common share

13.31

13.04

As of and for the

Year Ended

June 1, 2002

Historical SpeedFam-IPEC

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(3.01

)

Book value per common share

0.45

As of and for the

For the

Six Months

Twelve Months

Ended

Ended

June 29, 2002

December 31, 2001

Novellus Pro Forma Combined(1)

Basic net income per share before cumulative
    change in accounting principle

$

0.00

$

0.36

Diluted net income per share before cumulative
    change in accounting principle

0.00

0.34

Book value per common share

13.78

As of and for the

For the

Six Months

Twelve Months

Ended

Ended

June 1, 2002

December 1, 2001

SpeedFam-IPEC Equivalent Pro Forma
    Combined(2)

Basic net income per share before cumulative
    change in accounting principle

$

0.00

$

0.07

Diluted net income per share before cumulative
    change in accounting principle

0.00

0.06

Book value per common share

2.50

(1) 

As Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC have different
    fiscal period end dates, financial information for Novellus as
    of or for the six months ended June 29, 2002 and for the year
    ended December 31, 2001 has been combined with financial
    information relating to SpeedFam-IPEC as of or for the six
    months ending June 1, 2002 and for the twelve months ending
    December 1, 2001, respectively.

(2) 

The SpeedFam-IPEC equivalent pro forma combined
    per share amounts are calculated by multiplying Novellus
    combined pro forma share amounts by the exchange ratio in the
    merger of 0.1818 of a share of Novellus common stock for each
    share of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock.



COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE
DATA

Novellus Market Price Information

Novellus common stock is traded on the
Nasdaq National Market under the symbol NVLS. The
following table shows the high and low sale prices of Novellus
common stock as reported by the Nasdaq National Market for the
periods indicated. The prices in the following table have been
adjusted to reflect all previous stock dividends and splits
through the date of this proxy statement-prospectus. Novellus
has never paid a cash dividend since its inception and does not
anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

Novellus

Sale Price

High

Low

Year Ended December 31, 2000

First Quarter(1)

$

69.94

$

39.27

Second Quarter

66.69

40.06

Third Quarter

68.44

43.88

Fourth Quarter

47.75

25.94

Year Ended December 31, 2001

First Quarter

$

48.38

$

35.13

Second Quarter

58.09

33.88

Third Quarter

56.66

28.00

Fourth Quarter

45.50

26.40

Year Ended December 31, 2002

First Quarter

$

54.14

$

36.23

Second Quarter

53.78

31.75

Third Quarter

34.56

19.61

Fourth Quarter through October   ,

(1) 

Stock prices have been restated to reflect
    Novellus three-for-one stock split, effective
    January 15, 2000.



SpeedFam-IPEC Market Price
Information

SpeedFam-IPEC common stock is traded on the
Nasdaq National Market under the symbol SFAM. The
following table shows the high and low sale prices of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock as reported by the Nasdaq National
Market for the periods indicated. The prices in the following
table have been adjusted to reflect all previous stock dividends
and splits through the date of this proxy statement-prospectus.
SpeedFam-IPEC has never paid a cash dividend since its inception
and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future.

SpeedFam-IPEC

Sale Price

High

Low

Year Ended June 2, 2001

First Quarter

$

21.88

$

14.44

Second Quarter

17.31

5.25

Third Quarter

9.31

4.50

Fourth Quarter

7.87

4.55

Year Ended June 1, 2002

First Quarter

$

4.70

$

1.83

Second Quarter

3.20

.94

Third Quarter

4.97

2.37

Fourth Quarter

5.00

2.69

Year Ended May 31, 2003

First Quarter

$

5.48

$

2.42

Second Quarter through October   ,

Recent Closing Prices

On August 9, 2002, the last full trading day
before the public announcement of the proposed merger, the high
and low sale prices for Novellus common stock, as reported on
the Nasdaq National Market, were $27.79 and $26.20. The high and
low sale prices for SpeedFam-IPEC common stock on that day, as
reported on the Nasdaq National Market, were $3.05 and $2.85.

The following table sets forth the closing sale
price of Novellus common stock and SpeedFam-IPEC common stock,
as reported on the Nasdaq National Market, on August 9,
2002, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement
of the proposed merger, and
October      , 2002, the latest
practicable trading day prior to the printing of this proxy
statement-prospectus. The table also presents implied equivalent
per share value for SpeedFam-IPEC common stock by multiplying
the price per share of Novellus common stock on the dates
indicated by the exchange ratio of 0.1818.

Closing Sale Price

SpeedFam-IPEC

Equivalent

(0.1818

Novellus

SpeedFam-IPEC

Novellus)

Price per share:

August 9, 2002

$

27.02

$

2.85

$

4.91

October   , 2002

You are advised to obtain current market
quotations for Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC common stock. The
market price of the common stock of both companies is subject to
fluctuation. The dollar value of the shares of Novellus common
stock that holders of SpeedFam-IPEC will receive in the proposed
merger and the dollar value of the SpeedFam-IPEC stock they
surrender may increase or decrease.



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA

CONDENSED COMBINED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
DATA

OF NOVELLUS AND SPEEDFAM-IPEC

The following unaudited pro forma condensed
combined consolidated balance sheet as of June 29, 2002 and
the unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended December 31,
2001 and for the six months ended June 29, 2002 are
based on the historical financial statements of Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC after giving effect to the merger as a purchase of
SpeedFam-IPEC by Novellus using the purchase method of
accounting and the assumptions and adjustments described in the
accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated financial statements.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated balance sheet as of June 29, 2002 is presented
to give effect to the proposed merger as if it occurred on
June 29, 2002 and, due to different fiscal period ends,
combines the historical unaudited balance sheet of Novellus at
June 29, 2002 and the historical audited balance sheet of
SpeedFam-IPEC at June 1, 2002. The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined consolidated statement of operations of
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC for the six months ended
June 29, 2002 is presented as if the combination had taken
place on January 1, 2001 and, due to different fiscal
period ends, combines the historical results of Novellus for the
six months ended June 29, 2002 and the historical
results of SpeedFam-IPEC for the six months ended
June 1, 2002, which represents the third and fourth
quarters of fiscal year 2002 for SpeedFam-IPEC. The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined consolidated statement of
operations of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC for the year ended
December 31, 2001 is presented as if the combination had
taken place on January 1, 2001 and, due to different fiscal
period ends, combines the historical results of Novellus for the
year ended December 31, 2001 and the historical results of
SpeedFam-IPEC for the twelve months ended December 1,
2001, which represents the third and fourth quarters of fiscal
year 2001 and the first and second quarters of fiscal year 2002
for SpeedFam-IPEC.

SpeedFam-IPECs consolidated financial
statements for the twelve months ended December 1,
2001 include a cumulative effect of an accounting change related
to the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.
The effect of this accounting change has not been reflected in
the historical financial information of SpeedFam-IPEC for the
period ended December 1, 2001 included in these unaudited
pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial statements.

Under the purchase method of accounting, the
total estimated purchase price, calculated as described in
Note 1 to these unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated financial statements, is allocated to the net
tangible and intangible assets of SpeedFam-IPEC acquired in
connection with the merger, based on their fair values as of the
completion of the merger. A preliminary valuation was conducted
in order to assist management of Novellus in determining the
fair values of a significant portion of these assets. This
preliminary valuation has been considered in managements
estimates of the fair values reflected in these unaudited pro
forma condensed combined consolidated financial statements. A
final determination of these fair values, which cannot be made
prior to the completion of the merger will include
managements consideration of a final valuation. This final
valuation will be based on the actual net tangible and
intangible assets of SpeedFam-IPEC that exist as of the date of
completion of the merger.

Further, the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments for liabilities resulting from integration planning,
as management of Novellus is in the process of making these
assessments and estimates of these costs are not currently
known. However, liabilities ultimately will be recorded for
severance or relocation costs related to SpeedFam-IPEC
employees, costs of vacating some facilities (leased or owned)
of SpeedFam-IPEC, or other costs associated with exiting
activities of SpeedFam-IPEC that would affect amounts in the pro
forma financial statements.

These unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated financial statements have been prepared based on
preliminary estimates of fair values. Amounts allocated to
intangible assets may increase significantly, which could result
in a material increase in amortization of intangible assets.
Therefore, the actual amounts recorded as of the completion of
the merger may differ materially from the information presented
in



these unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated financial statements. In addition to the receipt of
the final valuation, the impact of ongoing integration
activities, the timing of completion of the merger, and other
changes in SpeedFam-IPECs net tangible and intangible
assets, which occur prior to completion of the merger could
cause material differences in the information presented. The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the historical
audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes
of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC incorporated by reference into
this proxy statement-prospectus, and the summary of selected
historical consolidated financial data included elsewhere in
this proxy statement-prospectus. The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined consolidated financial statements are not
intended to represent or be indicative of the consolidated
results of operations or financial condition of Novellus that
would have been reported had the merger been completed as of the
dates presented, and should not be taken as representative of
the future consolidated results of operations or financial
condition of Novellus.



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

(in thousands)

Historical

Novellus

SpeedFam-IPEC

Pro Forma

Pro Forma

June 29, 2002

June 1, 2002

Adjustments

Combined

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

524,897

$

33,358

$



$

558,255

Short-term investments

416,997





416,997

Restricted short-term investments

872,299





872,299

Accounts receivable, net

221,244

22,162



243,406

Inventories

251,362

44,545

6,138

 (a)

299,199

(2,846

)(m)

Shipped systems pending acceptance



9,175

(9,175

)(g)



Deferred tax assets, net

83,415



20,000

 (b)

103,415

Prepaid and other current assets

59,158

3,896



63,054

Total current assets

2,429,372

113,136

14,117

2,556,625

Property and equipment, net

167,743

58,007

 (c)

226,300

Other assets

91,773

5,684

45,079

 (e)

196,465

55,104

 (f)

(2,673

)(d)

2,846

 (m)

(1,348

)(o)

Note receivable

397,429





397,429

Total assets

$

3,086,317

$

176,827

$

113,675

$

3,376,819

Liabilities and Shareholders
    Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

$

95,520

$

11,061

$



$

106,581

Accrued payroll and related expenses

25,057

2,310



27,367

Accrued warranty

35,796

 (h)

37,072

Other accrued liabilities

33,066

9,502

3,900

 (i)

46,468

Restructuring accrual

22,871

1,288



24,159

Income taxes payable

9,504





9,504

Deferred profit

51,528





51,528

Deferred revenue



18,238

(18,238

)(g)



Current portion of long-term debt





Current obligations under lines of credit

17,927





17,927

Convertible subordinated debentures

862,953





862,953

Total current liabilities

1,154,222

43,268

(13,866

)

1,183,624

Long-term debt



115,054



115,054

Other long-term liabilities



4,620

(900

)(j)

3,720

Total liabilities

1,154,222

162,942

(14,766

)

1,302,398

Shareholders equity

1,932,095

13,885

131,141

 (k)

2,074,421

(2,700

)(l)

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

$

3,086,317

$

176,827

$

113,675

$

3,376,819

See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Consolidated Financial Statements.



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
CONSOLIDATED

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

(in thousands, except per share
data)

Historical

Novellus

SpeedFam-IPEC

For the

For the

Six Months Ended

Six Months Ended

Pro Forma

Pro Forma

June 29, 2002

June 1, 2002

Adjustments

Combined

Net sales

$

391,826

$

52,257

$



$

444,083

Cost of sales

218,732

39,304

2,025

(a)

260,061

Gross profit

173,094

12,953

(2,025

)

184,022

Operating expenses:

Selling, general and administrative

72,562

12,295

(c)

85,334

(l)

Research and development

112,773

14,426



127,199

Amortization of acquired intangible assets

1,602

3,757

(e)

5,359

(433

)(d)

Special charges

3,273





3,273

Bad debt write-off (recovery)

(7,662

)





(7,662

)

Total operating expenses

182,548

27,154

3,801

213,503

Operating income (loss)

(9,454

)

(14,201

)

(5,826

)

(29,481

)

Interest and other income (loss), net

29,516

(3,671

)

(o)

26,140

Income (loss) before income taxes

20,062

(17,872

)

(5,531

)

(3,341

)

Provision for income taxes (benefit)

4,213

(2,482

)

(5,412

)(n)

(3,681

)

Net income (loss) before cumulative effect
    of change in accounting principle

$

15,849

$

(15,390

)

$

(119

)

$

Net income (loss) per share :

Basic net income (loss) per share before
    cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

$

0.11

$

(0.51

)

$

0.00

Diluted net income (loss) per share before
    cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

$

0.11

$

(0.51

)

$

0.00

Shares used in basic calculation

144,687

30,414

150,216

Shares used in diluted calculation

150,838

30,414

156,653

See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Consolidated Financial Statements.



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
CONSOLIDATED

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

(in thousands, except per share
data)

Historical

SpeedFam-IPEC

Novellus For

For the Twelve

the Year Ended

Months Ended

Pro Forma

Pro Forma

December 31, 2001

December 1, 2001

Adjustments

Combined

Net sales

$

1,339,322

$

177,059

$



$

1,516,381

Cost of sales

647,971

204,289

4,113

(a)

856,373

Gross profit

691,351

(27,230

)

(4,113

)

660,008

Operating expenses:

Selling, general and administrative

193,252

34,499

(c)

228,706

(l)

Research and development

272,032

63,296



335,328

Amortization of acquired intangible assets

5,315

1,871

7,513

(e)

12,828

(1,871

)(d)

Special charges

61,106

1,800



62,906

Bad debt write-off

7,662





7,662

Acquisition-related, restructuring and other costs



6,460



6,460

Total operating expenses

539,367

107,926

6,597

653,890

Operating income (loss)

151,984

(135,156

)

(10,710

)

6,118

Interest and other income (loss), net

57,393

(3,536

)

(o)

54,448

Income (loss) before income taxes

209,377

(138,692

)

(10,119

)

60,566

Provision for income taxes (benefit)

64,907



(57,114

)(n)

7,793

Net income (loss) before cumulative effect
    of change in accounting principle

$

144,470

$

(138,692

)

$

46,995

$

52,773

Net income (loss) per share:

Basic net income (loss) per share before
    cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

$

1.01

$

(4.57

)

$

0.36

Diluted net income (loss) per share before
    cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

$

0.97

$

(4.57

)

$

0.34

Shares used in basic calculation

142,462

30,318

147,974

Shares used in diluted calculation

148,924

30,318

154,724

See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Consolidated Financial Statements.



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1     
Basis
of Pro Forma Presentation

On August 11, 2002, Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC entered into a reorganization agreement, which
will result in SpeedFam-IPEC becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Novellus in a transaction to be accounted for using the
purchase method. For a discussion regarding the primary reasons
for this transaction, see Reasons for the
Transaction on page 57. The total estimated purchase
price of approximately $167.4 million includes Novellus
common stock valued at $149.3 million, assumed options and
warrants with a fair value of $14.2 million and estimated
direct transaction costs of $3.9 million.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated financial statements provide for the issuance of
approximately 5.5 million shares of Novellus common stock,
based upon an exchange ratio of 0.1818 of a share of Novellus
common stock for each outstanding share of SpeedFam-IPEC common
stock as of June 1, 2002. The actual number of shares of
Novellus common stock to be issued will be determined based on
the actual number of shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock
outstanding at the completion of the merger. The average market
price per share of Novellus common stock of $26.766 is based on
an average of the closing prices for two days before, the day of
and two days after the announcement date of the of the proposed
merger (August 8th, 9th, 12th, 13th, and 14th). Based on
the total number of SpeedFam-IPEC options and warrants
outstanding at June 1, 2002, Novellus would exchange
options and warrants to purchase approximately 1.0 million
shares of Novellus common stock at a weighted average exercise
price of $62.54 for SpeedFam-IPEC options and warrants. The
actual number of options and warrants to be assumed will be
determined based on the actual number of SpeedFam-IPEC options
and warrants outstanding at the completion of the merger. The
fair value of the outstanding options and warrants was
determined using a Black-Scholes valuation model with the
following assumptions: no dividend yield; an expected volatility
of 85%; and a risk-free interest rate of 2.49%. The model
assumed an expected life of 3.3 years for assumed options
and 0.5 years for assumed warrants.

The estimated total purchase price of the
SpeedFam-IPEC merger is as follows (in thousands):

Value of Novellus common stock issued

$

149,252

Assumption of SpeedFam-IPEC vested options and
    warrants

6,484

Assumption of SpeedFam-IPEC unvested options and
    warrants

7,732

Total value of Novellus securities

163,468

Estimated direct transaction costs

3,900

Total estimated purchase price

$

167,368



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Continued)

Under the purchase method of accounting, the
total estimated purchase price as shown in the table above is
allocated to SpeedFam-IPECs net tangible and intangible
assets based on their estimated fair values as of the date of
the completion of the merger. Based on the preliminary
valuation, and subject to material changes upon development of a
final valuation and other factors as described in the
introduction to these unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated financial statements on page 18 of this proxy
statement-prospectus, the preliminary estimated purchase price
is allocated as follows (in thousands):

Cash and cash equivalents

$

33,358

Accounts receivable, net

22,162

Inventories

47,837

Deferred tax assets, net

20,000

Property, plant and equipment

58,557

Prepaid and other assets

8,405

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

(25,502

)

Long-term debt

(115,054

)

Other long-term liabilities

(3,720

)

Net tangible assets assumed

$

46,043

Net tangible assets assumed

$

46,043

Amortizable intangible assets 
    developed and core technology

45,079

Goodwill

55,104

Deferred compensation on unvested options

2,700

In-process research and development

18,442

Total preliminary estimated purchase price
    allocation

$

167,368

Of the total estimated purchase price, a
preliminary estimate of $46.0 million has been allocated to
net tangible assets assumed and approximately $45.1 million
has been allocated to amortizable intangible assets acquired.
The depreciation and amortization related to the fair value
adjustment to net tangible assets and the amortization related
to the amortizable intangible assets are reflected as pro forma
adjustments to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated statements of operations.

Developed technology, which comprises products
that have reached technological feasibility, includes products
in most of SpeedFam-IPECs product lines, principally the
SpeedFam-IPEC Momentum
TM
 family of products. Core
technology represent a combination of SpeedFam-IPEC processes
and trade secrets developed through years of experience in
design and development of chemical mechanical planarization
(CMP) technology. Novellus expects to amortize the
developed and core technology on a straight-line basis over an
average estimated life of six years.

The value assigned to developed and core
technology was determined by discounting the estimated future
cash flows of the existing products to their present value. The
revenue estimates used to value the developed and core
technology were based on estimates of relevant market sizes and
growth factors, expected trends in technology and the nature and
expected timing of new product introductions by SpeedFam-IPEC
and its competitors.

The rates utilized to discount the net cash flows
of developed and core technology to their present value are
based on SpeedFam-IPECs weighted average cost of capital.
The weighted average cost of capital reflects the anticipated
market acceptance and penetration, market growth rates and risks
related to the impact of potential changes in future target
markets. Based on these factors, a discount rate of 20% was
deemed appropriate for valuing developed and core technology.



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Continued)

Of the total estimated purchase price,
approximately $55.1 million has been allocated to goodwill.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an
acquired business over the fair value of the underlying net
tangible and intangible assets. Goodwill is not deductible for
tax purposes.

In accordance with the Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets, goodwill resulting from business
combinations completed subsequent to June 30, 2001 will not
be amortized but instead will be tested for impairment at least
annually (more frequently if certain indicators are present). In
the event that the management of the combined company determines
that the goodwill has become impaired, the combined company will
incur an accounting charge for the amount of impairment during
the fiscal quarter in which the determination is made.

Of the total estimated purchase price, a
preliminary estimate of $18.4 million has been allocated to
in-process research and development and will be charged to
expense in the period during which the merger is completed. Due
to its non-recurring nature, the in-process research and
development expense has been excluded in the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined consolidated statement of operations.

SpeedFam-IPEC is currently developing new
products that qualify as in-process research and development in
certain product areas. Projects which qualify as in-process
research and development represent those that have not yet
reached technological feasibility. Technological feasibility is
defined as being equivalent to completion of a beta-phase
working prototype in which there is no significant remaining
risk relating to the development.

SpeedFam-IPEC is currently involved in numerous
research and development projects, which are focused on
developing new products, integrating new technologies, improving
product performance and broadening features and functionalities.
The principal research and development efforts of SpeedFam-IPEC
are directed within the future generations of CMP technology.
There is a risk that these developments and enhancements will
not be competitive with other products using alternative
technologies that offer comparable functionality.

The value assigned to in-process research and
development was determined by considering the importance of each
project to the overall development plan, estimating costs to
develop the purchased in-process research and development into
commercially viable products, estimating the resulting net cash
flows from the projects when completed and discounting the net
cash flows to their present value. The revenue estimates used to
value the purchased in-process research and development were
based on estimates of relevant market sizes and growth factors,
expected trends in technology and the nature and expected timing
of new product introductions by SpeedFam-IPEC and its
competitors.

The rates utilized to discount the net cash flows
to their present value are based on SpeedFam-IPECs
weighted average cost of capital. The weighted average cost of
capital was adjusted to reflect the difficulties and
uncertainties in completing each project and thereby achieving
technological feasibility, the percentage of completion of each
project, anticipated market acceptance and penetration, market
growth rates and risks related to the impact of potential
changes in future target markets. Based on these factors,
discount rates that range from 25% to 35% were deemed
appropriate for valuing the in-process research and development.

The estimates used in valuing in-process research
and development were based upon assumptions believed to be
reasonable but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.
Assumptions may be incomplete or inaccurate, and unanticipated
events and circumstances may occur. In addition, some projects
which are currently in process may not be in process at
completion of the merger and new projects may be started prior
to completion of the merger which may be in process at the
completion of the merger. Accordingly, actual results may vary
from the projected results.



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Continued)

Note 2     
Pro
Forma Adjustments

Pro forma adjustments are necessary to reflect
the estimated purchase price, to adjust amounts related to
SpeedFam-IPECs net tangible and intangible assets to a
preliminary estimate of their fair values, to reflect the
amortization expense related to the estimated amortizable
intangible assets, to reflect changes in depreciation and
amortization expense resulting from the estimated fair value
adjustments to net tangible assets, to adjust certain
SpeedFam-IPEC amounts to conform to Novellus accounting
policies, and to reflect the income tax effect related to the
pro forma adjustments.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
for liabilities relating to Emerging Issues Task Force
(EITF) No. 95-3, Recognition of Liabilities in
Connection with a Purchase Business Combination. Novellus
is in the process of making these assessments and estimates of
these costs are not currently known. However, liabilities
ultimately will be recorded for severance or relocation costs
related to SpeedFam-IPEC employees, costs of vacating some
facilities (leased or owned) of SpeedFam-IPEC, or other costs
associated with exiting activities of SpeedFam-IPEC that would
affect amounts in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated financial statements. The expected result of
recording liabilities relating to EITF No. 95-3 will be
primarily related to accrued liabilities (severance and
facilities costs) with an offsetting increase in goodwill.

Novellus has not identified any preacquisition
contingencies where the related asset, liability or impairment
is probable and the amount of the asset, liability or impairment
can be reasonably estimated. Prior to the end of the purchase
price allocation period, if information becomes available which
would indicate it is probable that such events have occurred and
the amounts can be reasonably estimated, such items will be
included in the purchase price allocation.

The pro forma adjustments included in the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial
statements are as follows:

(a) 

Adjustment to record the difference between the
    preliminary estimate of the fair value and the historical amount
    of SpeedFam-IPECs inventory and record the related costs
    of products sold resulting from the increase in inventory to its
    estimated fair value.

(b) 

Adjustment to the deferred tax assets based on a
    preliminary estimate of the tax assets which can be utilized by
    the combined company and to reflect the deferred tax liability
    primarily resulting from the pro forma adjustments related to
    intangible assets.

(c) 

Adjustment to record the difference between the
    preliminary estimate of the fair value and the historical amount
    of SpeedFam-IPECs property and equipment and the resulting
    adjustment to depreciation expense.

(d) 

Adjustments to eliminate historical patent
    intangible assets of SpeedFam-IPEC and record the decrease in
    amortization expense.

(e) 

Adjustments to reflect the preliminary estimate
    of the fair value of amortizable intangible assets and the
    resulting increase in amortization expense, as follows (in
    thousands):

Preliminary

Annual

Useful

Fair Value

Amortization

Life

Developed and core technology

$

45,079

$

7,513

6 years

(f) 

Adjustment to reflect the preliminary estimate of
    the fair value of goodwill.

(g) 

Adjustment to eliminate the historical amounts of
    SpeedFam-IPECs shipped systems pending acceptance and
    deferred revenue.

(h) 

Adjustment to record accrued warranty related to
    shipped systems pending acceptance.



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Continued)

(i) 

Adjustment to reflect the estimated direct
    transaction costs.

(j) 

Adjustment to record the present value of certain
    other long-term liabilities.

(k) 

Adjustments to shareholders equity (in
    thousands):

To record the estimated value of Novellus shares
    to be issued and SpeedFam-IPEC options and warrants to be
    assumed in the transaction

$

163,468

To record the preliminary estimate of the fair
    value of in-process research and development

(18,442

)

To eliminate SpeedFam-IPECs historical
    shareholders equity

(13,885

)

$

131,141

(l) 

Adjustment to record the deferred compensation
    and amortization related to unvested options assumed. The
    preliminary estimate is based on the intrinsic value of these
    options on August 23, 2002 for options outstanding on
    June 1, 2002. The deferred compensation related to the
    unvested options is being amortized on a straight line basis
    over a three-year period beginning January 1, 2001, which
    is the estimated vesting period of these options.

(m) 

Adjustment to reclassify SpeedFam-IPECs
    evaluation tools from inventory to other assets.

(n) 

Adjustment to record the income tax effect of the
    pro forma adjustments and reflect the tax benefit associated
    with the SpeedFam-IPEC net loss.

(o) 

Adjustment to eliminate capitalized debt issuance
    costs of SpeedFam-IPEC and the related decrease in amortization
    expense.

Note 3     
Pro
Forma Earnings Per Share

The pro forma basic and diluted earnings per
share are based on the weighted average number of shares of
Novellus common stock outstanding and weighted average number of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock outstanding multiplied by the
exchange ratio. The weighted average number of SpeedFam-IPEC
diluted shares has been adjusted to reflect dilutive options.



Dividend Information

Neither Novellus nor SpeedFam-IPEC has ever paid
or declared cash dividends on the shares of its common stock.
Novellus does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its common
stock for the foreseeable future. Novellus present
intention is to retain its earnings, if any, for the future
operation and expansion of its business. Any future payment of
dividends on Novellus common stock will be at the
discretion of the board of directors of Novellus and will depend
upon, among other things, Novellus earnings, financial
condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness and other
factors that Novellus board of directors deems relevant.

Number of Shareholders and Number of Shares
Outstanding

As of
October      , 2002, there were
approximately                                shareholders
of Novellus of record who held an aggregate of
approximately                                shares
of Novellus common stock.

As of
October      , 2002, there
were                                shareholders
of SpeedFam-IPEC of record who held an aggregate of
approximately shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock.



RISK FACTORS

By voting in favor of the merger, you will be
choosing to invest in Novellus common stock. An investment in
Novellus common stock involves a high degree of risk which risks
may be in addition to or different from the risks of investment
in SpeedFam-IPEC. In addition to the other information contained
in or incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement-prospectus, you should carefully consider the
following risk factors in deciding whether to vote for the
merger.

This proxy statement-prospectus and the documents
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement-prospectus
contain forward looking statements within the safe
harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 with respect to Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPECs financial condition, results of operations
and business and on the expected impact of the merger. Words
such as anticipates, expects,
intends, plans, believes,
seeks, estimates and similar expressions
identify forward looking statements. These forward looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from the results contemplated by
the forward looking statements. In evaluating the merger, you
should carefully consider the discussion of risks and
uncertainties described below and in the documents incorporated
by reference into this proxy statement-prospectus.

TRENDS, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RELATING TO
THE MERGER

You will receive a fixed number of shares of
Novellus common stock in the merger, not a fixed
value.

Upon completion of the merger, each SpeedFam-IPEC
share will be converted into 0.1818 of a share of Novellus
common stock. As the exchange ratio is fixed, the number of
shares that SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders will receive in the
merger will not change, even if the market price of Novellus
common stock changes. There will be no adjustment to the
exchange ratio or termination of the merger based on
fluctuations in the price of Novellus common stock. In recent
years, and particularly in recent months, the stock market, in
general, and the securities of technology companies, in
particular, including Novellus, have experienced extreme price
and volume fluctuations. These market fluctuations may adversely
affect the market price of Novellus common stock. The market
price of Novellus common stock upon and after completion of the
merger could be lower than the market price on the date of the
reorganization agreement or its current market price.
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders should obtain recent market
quotations of Novellus common stock before they vote on the
merger.

In particular, the market price of Novellus
common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to various
factors, including:

 

Quarterly variations in operating results or
    growth rates;

 

The announcement of technological innovations and
    other actions by competitors;

 

The introduction of new products;

 

Changes in estimates by securities analysts;

 

Market conditions in the industry and general
    economic conditions; and

 

Patents and other intellectual property rights
    issued to competitors of Novellus.

Although Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC expect
that the merger will result in benefits, those benefits may not
be realized.

Achieving the benefits of the merger may depend
in part on the integration of technology, operations and
personnel. The integration of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC will be
a complex, time consuming and



expensive process and may disrupt Novellus
and SpeedFam-IPECs businesses if not completed in a timely
and efficient manner. The challenges involved in this
integration include the following:

 

Satisfying the needs of the combined
    companys customers in a timely and efficient manner and
    maintaining SpeedFam-IPECs and Novellus key customer
    relationships;

 

Persuading employees that Novellus and
    SpeedFam-IPECs business cultures are compatible and
    retaining the combined companys key management, marketing,
    customer support and technical personnel;

 

Maintaining managements ability to focus on
    anticipating, responding to or utilizing changing technologies
    in the semiconductor industry;

 

Combining SpeedFam-IPECs product offerings
    and technologies with Novellus product offerings and
    technologies effectively and quickly and coordinating research
    and development activities to enhance introduction of new
    products and technologies;

 

Maintaining SpeedFam-IPECs key supplier
    relationships; and

 

Introduction by competitors of new, disruptive
    technologies to the marketplace which reduce
    SpeedFam-IPECs market share prior to the successful
    integration of the two companies.

It is not certain that Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC
can be successfully integrated in a timely manner or at all or
that any of the anticipated benefits will be realized. Failure
to do so could materially harm the business and operating
results of the combined company. Also, neither Novellus nor
SpeedFam-IPEC can assure you that the growth rate of the
combined company will equal the historical growth rates
experienced by Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC.

If Novellus is unable to successfully integrate
SpeedFam-IPEC, or if the benefits of the merger do not meet the
expectations of financial or industry analysts, the market price
of Novellus common stock may decline.

Customer and employee uncertainty related to
the merger could harm the combined company.

Novellus or SpeedFam-IPECs customers
may, in response to the announcement of the merger, delay or
defer purchasing decisions. Any delay or deferral in purchasing
decisions by Novellus or SpeedFam-IPECs customers
could seriously harm the business of the combined company.
Similarly, Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC employees may experience
uncertainty about their future role with the combined company
until or after strategies with regard to the combined company
are announced or executed. This may adversely affect the
combined companys ability to attract and retain key
management, marketing, sales, customer support and technical
personnel, which could harm the combined company.

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC expect to incur
significant costs associated with the merger.

Novellus estimates that it will incur direct
transaction costs of approximately $3.9 million associated
with the merger. In addition, SpeedFam-IPEC estimates that it
will incur direct transaction costs of approximately
$1.9 million which will be expensed as incurred, which is
expected to be in the quarter that the merger closes. Novellus
and SpeedFam-IPEC believe the combined entity may incur charges
to operations, which are not currently reasonably estimable, in
the quarter in which the merger is completed or the following
quarters, to reflect costs associated with integrating the two
companies. There is no assurance that the combined company will
not incur additional material charges in subsequent quarters to
reflect additional costs associated with the merger.

The merger was subject to review under United
States and foreign antitrust regulatory laws and may be
challenged anytime before or after its completion.

The merger was subject to review under both
United States and foreign antitrust laws. Although the waiting
periods under United States and Chinese antitrust regulatory
laws have terminated or expired as of the



date of this proxy statement-prospectus, the
United States Department of Justice or the United States Federal
Trade Commission, as well as any foreign antitrust regulatory
agency or government, state or private person, may challenge the
merger at any time before or after its completion.

If the merger is not completed, Novellus
and SpeedFam-IPECs stock prices and future business and
operations could be harmed.

If the merger is not completed, Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC may be subject to the following material risks,
among others:

 

The prices of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC common
    stock may change to the extent that the current market prices of
    Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC common stock reflect an assumption
    that the merger will be completed;

 

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs costs
    related to the merger, such as legal, accounting and some of the
    fees of their financial advisors, must be paid even if the
    merger is not completed; and

 

Under some circumstances (more fully described on
    page 86), SpeedFam-IPEC may be required to pay Novellus a
    cash termination fee of up to $5 million as of the date of
    termination of the reorganization agreement.

Further, with respect to SpeedFam-IPEC, if the
merger is terminated and SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors
determines to seek another merger or business combination, it is
not certain that SpeedFam-IPEC will be able to find a merger
partner or that the new merger partner would be willing to pay
an equivalent or more attractive price than that which would be
paid by Novellus in the merger. While the reorganization
agreement is in effect, subject to specified exceptions,
SpeedFam-IPEC is prohibited from entering into or soliciting,
initiating or intentionally encouraging any inquiries or
proposals that may lead to a proposal or offer for a merger,
consolidation, business combination, sale of substantial assets,
tender offer, sale of shares of capital stock or other similar
transactions with any person other than Novellus. These
restrictions could limit SpeedFam-IPECs ability to enter
into an alternative transaction at a favorable price.

SpeedFam-IPECs officers and directors
have conflicts of interest that may influence them to support or
approve the merger.

Certain directors and officers of SpeedFam-IPEC
have employment agreements or other arrangements with
SpeedFam-IPEC and have received (or may receive) offers of
employment with Novellus after the merger and have continuing
indemnification against liabilities that provide them with
interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition
to, yours and may therefore be more likely to vote to approve
the reorganization agreement and the merger than if they did not
have these interests. SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders should consider
whether these interests may have influenced these directors and
officers to support or recommend the merger. You should read
more about these interests under The Merger 
Interests of Directors and Executive Officers of SpeedFam-IPEC
in the Merger on page 67.

TRENDS, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RELATING TO
NOVELLUS

Market Risk and Cyclical Downturns in the
Semiconductor Industry.

Novellus business depends predominantly on
capital expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in
turn depends on the current and anticipated market demand for
integrated circuits and products utilizing integrated circuits.
The semiconductor industry has historically been very cyclical
and has experienced periodic downturns, which have had a
material adverse effect on the semiconductor industrys
demand for semiconductor processing equipment, including
equipment manufactured and marketed by Novellus. During periods
of reduced and declining demand, Novellus must be able to
quickly and effectively align its cost structure with prevailing
market conditions, and motivate and retain key employees. In
particular, during a period of reduced demand, Novellus
inventory levels have periodically exceeded the minimum levels
necessary to support production demand. Although Novellus has
historically been able to reduce inventory



levels through sales and reduced purchasing, no
assurance can be given that Novellus may not be required to make
inventory valuation adjustments in future periods. During
periods of rapid growth, Novellus must be able to acquire and/or
develop sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet customer
demand, and hire and assimilate a sufficient number of qualified
people. No assurance can be given that Novellus net sales
and operating results will not be adversely affected if this
current downturn in the semiconductor industry continues or
other downturns or slowdowns in the rate of capital investment
in the semiconductor industry occur in the future.

Demand Shifts in the PC Industry.

In the PC market, a shift in demand from more
expensive, high-performance products to lower-priced products
(sub-$1,000 PCs) has resulted in reduced profitability for
semiconductor manufacturers. Strengthening demand for sub-$1,000
PCs could cause further delays or decreased demand for
Novellus products.

Intense Competition in the Semiconductor
Equipment Industry.

The semiconductor equipment industry is highly
competitive. Novellus faces substantial competition in the
markets in which it competes from both established competitors
and potential new entrants. Certain of Novellus
competitors have greater financial, marketing, technical or
other resources, broader product lines, greater customer service
capabilities, and larger and more established sales
organizations and customer bases than Novellus. Novellus may
also face future competition from new market entrants from
overseas and domestic sources. Novellus expects its competitors
to continue to improve the design and performance of their
products. There can be no assurance that Novellus
competitors will not develop enhancements to or future
generations of competitive products that will offer superior
price or performance features over Novellus products, and
there can be no assurance that Novellus will be successful, or
as successful as its competitors, in selecting, developing,
manufacturing, and marketing its new products, or enhancing its
existing products. Failure to successfully develop new products
could materially adversely affect Novellus revenues,
financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, a
substantial investment is required by Novellus customers
to install and integrate capital equipment into a semiconductor
production line. As a result, once a semiconductor manufacturer
has selected another vendors capital equipment, Novellus
believes that the manufacturer will be generally reliant upon
that equipment vendor for the specific production line
application. Accordingly, Novellus may experience difficulty in
selling a product to a particular customer for a significant
period of time if that customer first selects a
competitors product. Increased competitive pressure could
lead to lower prices for Novellus products, thereby
adversely affecting Novellus revenue and operating
results. There can be no assurance that Novellus will be able to
compete successfully against established competitors and new
entrants in the future.

International Operations.

Export sales accounted for 66% and 55%,
respectively, of net sales in the six months ended June 29,
2002 and in fiscal year 2001, respectively. Novellus anticipates
that export sales will account for a significant portion of net
sales in the foreseeable future. As a result, a significant
portion of Novellus sales will be subject to certain
risks, including tariffs and other barriers, difficulties in
staffing and managing foreign operations, difficulties in
managing distributors, potentially adverse tax consequences and
the possibility of difficulty in accounts receivable collection.
Novellus is also subject to the risks associated with the
imposition of legislation and regulations relating to the import
or export of semiconductor products. Novellus cannot predict
whether quotas, duties, taxes, or other charges or restrictions
will be implemented by the United States or any other country
upon the importation or exportation of Novellus products
in the future. There can be no assurance that any of these
factors or the adoption of restrictive policies will not have a
material adverse effect on Novellus business, financial
condition, or results of operations. Moreover, each region in
the global semiconductor equipment market exhibits unique
characteristics that can cause capital equipment investment
patterns to vary significantly from period to period. Although
international markets provide Novellus with significant growth
opportunities, periodic economic downturns, trade balance
issues, political instability and fluctuations in interest and
foreign currency exchange rates are all risks that could
materially and adversely



affect global products and service demand, and,
therefore, Novellus business operations and financial
condition. The Asian region, which primarily consists of Taiwan,
Korea and Japan, accounted for 48% and 56% of Novellus
revenues in 2001 and for the six months ended June 29,
2002, are affected by banking, currency and other difficulties
that contribute to the economic developments in those countries.
Any negative economic developments within the Asian region could
result in the cancellation or delay of orders for Novellus
products from Asian customers, thus materially adversely
affecting Novellus business, financial condition or
results of operations. In addition to the concerns described
above, sales of systems shipped by Novellus Japanese
subsidiary are denominated in Japanese Yen. Novellus sells the
systems to its Japanese subsidiary in U.S. Dollars.
Novellus then enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to
hedge against the short-term impact of foreign currency
fluctuations of intercompany accounts payable denominated in
U.S. Dollars recorded by the Japanese subsidiary in order
to manage this exposure. However, there can be no assurance that
future changes in the Japanese Yen will not have a material
effect on Novellus business, financial condition, or
results of operations.

Possible Volatility of Stock Price.

The price of Novellus common stock may be
subject to wide fluctuations and possible rapid increases or
declines in a short time period. These fluctuations may be due
to factors specific to Novellus such as variations in quarterly
operating results or changes in analysts earnings
estimates, or to factors relating to the semiconductor industry
or to the securities markets in general, which, in recent years,
have experienced significant price fluctuations. These
fluctuations often have been unrelated to the operating
performance of the specific companies whose stocks are traded.
Shareholders should be willing to incur the risk of such
fluctuations. Sales of substantial amounts of common stock in
the public market after any offering of Novellus
securities could adversely affect the market price of the
outstanding common stock.

Variability of Quarterly Operating
Results.

If Novellus operating results are below the
expectations of public market analysts or investors, then the
market price of its common stock could decline. Novellus has
experienced and expects to continue to experience significant
fluctuations in its quarterly operating results. During each
quarter, Novellus customarily sells a relatively small number of
systems that typically sell for prices in excess of
$1 million. Novellus backlog at the beginning of each
quarter does not necessarily include all system sales needed to
achieve expected net sales for that quarter. Consequently,
Novellus is often dependent on obtaining orders for shipment in
the same quarter that the order is received. Because Novellus
builds its systems according to forecast, the absence of
significant backlog for an extended period of time could hinder
Novellus ability to plan production and inventory levels,
which could adversely affect operating results. Novellus
net sales and operating results could also be adversely affected
for a particular quarter if an anticipated order for even a few
systems is not received in time to permit shipment during that
quarter. Moreover, customers may reschedule or cancel shipments,
with, in the case of cancellations, little or no penalties, and
production difficulties could delay shipments. A delay in a
shipment in any quarter, due, for example, to an unanticipated
shipment rescheduling, to cancellations by customers, or to
unexpected manufacturing difficulties experienced by Novellus,
may cause net sales in such quarter to fall significantly below
expectations and may materially adversely affect Novellus
operating results for such quarter. The timing of new product
announcements and releases by Novellus may also contribute to
fluctuations in quarterly operating results, particularly in
cases where new product offerings cause customers to defer
ordering products from Novellus existing product lines.
Novellus results of operations also could be affected by
new product announcements and releases by Novellus
competitors, the volume, mix and timing of orders received
during a period, availability and pricing of key components,
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, and conditions in the
semiconductor equipment industry. Novellus operating
results also fluctuate based on gross profit realized on system
sales. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales may vary based
on a variety of factors, including the mix and average selling
prices of products sold and costs to manufacture upgrades and
customize systems. Because Novellus operating expenses are
based on anticipated net sales levels, and a high percentage of
those expenses are relatively fixed, a variation in the timing
of recognition of net sales and the level of gross profit from a
single transaction can cause material variations in operating
results from quarter to quarter.



Novellus is Exposed to Risks Associated with
Acquisitions.

Novellus has made, and may in the future make,
acquisitions of, or significant investments in, businesses with
complementary products, services and technologies. Acquisitions
involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to,
difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies,
products and personnel of acquired companies, lack of synergies
or the inability to realize expected synergies, difficulties in
managing geographically dispersed operations, the potential loss
of key employees, customers and strategic partners of acquired
companies, diversion of managements attention from normal
daily operations of the business, acquired intangible assets
becoming impaired as a result of technological advancements, or
worse-than-expected performance of acquired companies.
Acquisitions are inherently risky and no assurance can be given
that Novellus previous or future acquisitions will be
successful. The inability to effectively manage the risks
associated with previous or future acquisitions could materially
and adversely affect Novellus business, financial
condition and results of operations.

A Large Portion of Novellus Net Sales Is
Derived from Sales to a Few Customers.

Historically, Novellus has sold a significant
proportion of its systems in any particular period to a limited
number of customers. Sales to Novellus ten largest
customers in the six months ended June 29, 2002 and in
fiscal year 2001 accounted for 84% and 61% of net sales,
respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2001, Intel
Corporation accounted for 16% of Novellus net sales. For
the year ended December 31, 2000, Intel and Taiwan
Semiconductor accounted for 14% and 10% of Novellus net
sales, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 1999,
Samsung, Texas Instruments and United Microelectronics accounted
for 17%, 13% and 10% of Novellus net sales, respectively.
D. James Guzy, a member of the board of directors of
Novellus, is also a member of the board of directors of Intel
Corporation. Novellus expects that sales of its products to
relatively few customers will continue to account for a high
percentage of its net sales in the foreseeable future. None of
Novellus customers have entered into a long-term agreement
requiring them to purchase Novellus products. Novellus
believes that sales to certain of its customers will decrease in
the near future as those customers complete current purchasing
requirements for new or expanded fabrication facilities.
Although the composition of the group comprising Novellus
largest customers has varied from year to year, the loss of a
significant customer or any reduction in orders from any
significant customer, including reductions due to customer
departures from recent buying patterns, market, economic or
competitive conditions in the semiconductor industry or in the
industries that manufacture products utilizing integrated
circuits, could adversely affect Novellus business,
financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
sales of Novellus systems depend in significant part upon
the decision of a prospective customer to increase manufacturing
capacity or to expand current manufacturing capacity, both of
which typically involve a significant capital commitment.
Novellus has from time to time experienced delays in finalizing
system sales following initial system qualification. Due to
these and other factors, Novellus systems typically have a
lengthy sales cycle during which Novellus may expend substantial
funds and management effort with no guarantee that Novellus will
sell a particular system.

Novellus Industry Is Characterized by
Rapidly Changing Technology.

The semiconductor manufacturing industry is
subject to rapid technological change and new product
introductions and enhancements. Novellus ability to remain
competitive in this market depends in part upon Novellus
ability to develop new and enhanced systems and to introduce
these systems at competitive prices and on a timely and
cost-effective basis. Accordingly, Novellus devotes a
significant portion of its personnel and financial resources to
research and development programs and seeks to maintain close
relationships with its customers to remain responsive to their
product needs. Novellus current research and development
efforts are directed at the development of new systems and
processes and improving existing system capabilities. Novellus
is focusing its research and development efforts on additional
Concept Two modules, advanced PVD systems, advanced gap
fill technology, primary conductor metals, low-k dielectric
materials and additional advanced technologies for the next
generation of smaller geometry fabrication lines, as well as
equipment to process 300 millimeter wafers. There is no
assurance that Novellus research and development programs
will allow Novellus to remain responsive to its customers
product needs or that Novellus current or new customers
will buy its new products.



Research and Development Expenditures
Represent a Substantial Portion of Novellus Net
Sales.

Novellus expenditures for research and
development during the six months ended June 29, 2002 and
fiscal year 2001, were $112.8 million and
$272.0 million, respectively, or approximately 29% and 20%
of net sales, respectively. Novellus success in
developing, introducing and selling new and enhanced systems
depends upon a variety of factors, including product selection,
timely and efficient completion of product design and
development, timely and efficient implementation of
manufacturing and assembly processes, product performance in the
field and effective sales and marketing. There can be no
assurance that Novellus will be successful in selecting,
developing, manufacturing and marketing new products or in
enhancing its existing products. As is typical in the
semiconductor capital equipment market, Novellus has experienced
delays from time to time in the introduction of, and certain
technical and manufacturing difficulties with, certain of its
systems and enhancements and may experience delays and technical
and manufacturing difficulties in future introductions or volume
production of new systems or enhancements. Novellus
inability to complete the development or meet the technical
specifications of any of its new systems or enhancements or to
manufacture and ship these systems or enhancements in volume in
a timely manner would materially adversely affect Novellus
business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, Novellus may incur substantial unanticipated costs to
ensure the functionality and reliability of its future product
introductions early in the products life cycle. If new
products have reliability or quality problems, reduced orders or
higher manufacturing costs, delays in collecting accounts
receivable and additional service and warranty expense may
result. Any of these events could materially adversely affect
Novellus business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Novellus Intellectual Property Is
Critical to the Success of Its Business.

Novellus intends to continue to pursue the legal
protection of its technology primarily through patent and trade
secret protection. Novellus currently holds over
100 patents and intends to file additional patent
applications as appropriate. There can be no assurance that
patents will be issued from any of these applications or that
any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will be
sufficiently broad to protect Novellus technology. While
Novellus intends to protect its intellectual property rights
vigorously, there can be no assurance that any patents held by
Novellus will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or
that the rights granted thereunder will provide competitive
advantages to Novellus. Additionally, because technology in the
semiconductor industry moves quickly, the duration of patents is
not significant in determining the level of protection that such
patents afford. Novellus also relies on trade secrets and
proprietary technology that it seeks to protect, in part,
through Novellus confidentiality agreements with
employees, consultants and other parties. There can be no
assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that
Novellus will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that
Novellus trade secrets will not otherwise become known to
or independently developed by others. There has also been
substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual
property rights in semiconductor related industries. Novellus is
currently involved in such litigation (see page 37,
Novellus pending litigation and other potential
litigation may harm its operating results). Except as set
forth on page 37, Novellus is not aware of any significant
claim of infringement by Novellus products of any patent
or proprietary rights of others, however, Novellus could become
involved in additional litigation in the future. Although
Novellus does not believe the outcome of the current litigation
will have a material impact on its business, financial
condition, or results of operations, no assurances can be given
that this litigation or future litigation will not have such an
impact. In addition to the current litigation, Novellus
operations, including the further commercialization of
Novellus products, could provoke additional claims of
infringement from third parties. In the future, litigation may
be necessary to enforce patents issued to Novellus, to protect
trade secrets or know-how owned by Novellus or to defend
Novellus against claimed infringement of the rights of others
and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary
rights of others. Any such litigation could result in
substantial cost and diversion of effort by Novellus, which by
itself could have a material adverse effect on Novellus
financial condition and operating results. Further, adverse
determinations in such litigation could result in Novellus
loss of proprietary rights, subject Novellus to significant
liabilities to third parties, require Novellus to seek licenses
from third parties or prevent Novellus from manufacturing or
selling its products, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on Novellus business, financial condition, and
results of operations.



Novellus Is Susceptible to Supply
Shortages.

Novellus uses numerous suppliers to supply parts,
components, and sub-assemblies for the manufacture and support
of its products. Although Novellus makes reasonable efforts to
ensure that such parts are available from multiple suppliers,
this is not always possible. Accordingly, Novellus obtains
certain key parts from a single supplier or a limited group of
suppliers. These suppliers are, in some cases, thinly
capitalized, independent companies that generate significant
portions of their business from Novellus and/or a small group of
other companies in the semiconductor industry. Although Novellus
seeks to reduce its dependence on these limited source
suppliers, disruption or termination of certain of these sources
could occur and such disruptions could have at least a temporary
adverse effect on Novellus operations. Moreover, a
prolonged inability to obtain certain components could have a
material adverse effect on Novellus business, financial
condition, and results of operations and could result in damage
to its customer relationships.

Concentration of Credit Risk.

Novellus uses financial instruments that
potentially subject it to concentrations of credit risk. Such
instruments include cash equivalents, short-term investments,
accounts receivable, and financial instruments used in hedging
activities. Novellus invests its cash in cash deposits, money
market funds, commercial paper, certificates of deposit, readily
marketable debt securities, or medium-term notes. Novellus
places its investments with high-credit-quality financial
institutions and limits the credit exposure from any one
financial institution or instrument. Novellus performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its customers financial condition
and generally requires no collateral. Novellus has an exposure
to nonperformance by counterparties on the foreign exchange
contracts used in hedging activities. These counterparties are
large international financial institutions and to date, no such
counterparty has failed to meet its financial obligations to
Novellus. Novellus does not believe there is a significant risk
of nonperformance by these counterparties because Novellus
continuously monitors its positions and the credit ratings of
such counterparties and the amount of contracts it enters into
with any one party. However, there can be no assurance that
there will be no significant nonperformance by these
counterparties and that this would not materially adversely
affect Novellus business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements May Impact
Novellus Financial Position and Results of
Operations.

In June 2002, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, or FASB, issued an exposure draft, or ED,
Consolidation of Certain Special-Purpose Entities, an
Interpretation of ARB No. 51, for public comment. The
ED could substantially change the accounting for synthetic
leases. The comment period on the ED will end on August 30,
2002, and the final guidance will become effective for Novellus
in its second fiscal quarter of 2003. If the final Statement is
consistent with the ED, and Novellus were required to
consolidate its special purpose entity, Novellus believes that
it would exercise its purchase option under the terms of the
synthetic leases and purchase the leased assets thereunder.
Because this treatment would result in the lease receivable and
cash collateral being returned to Novellus, the Novellus does
not expect the adoption of the ED to have an impact on its
liquidity. Additionally, in June 2001, the FASB issued SFAS,
No. 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations. SFAS No. 143 is effective for fiscal
years beginning after June 15, 2002. Novellus does not
expect the adoption of SFAS No. 143 to be material to its
financial condition or results of operations. In August 2001,
the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, Impairment or Disposal
of Long-Lived Assets, which is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2001. SFAS No. 144
supersedes SFAS No. 121, Accounting for the
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be
Disposed Of, and provides a single accounting model for
impairment of long-lived assets. Novellus does not expect the
adoption of SFAS No. 144 to have a material effect on
Novellus financial condition or results of operations. In
April 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 145, Rescission
of FASB Statements No. 4, 44 and 64, Amendment of SFAS
No. 13, and Technical Corrections. Novellus is
required to adopt the provisions of SFAS No. 145 effective
January 1, 2003. Novellus does not expect the adoption of
SFAS No. 145 to have a material effect on Novellus
financial condition or results of operations. In June 2002, the
FASB issued SFAS No. 146, Accounting for Costs
Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities. Novellus is
currently evaluating the impact of this adoption. Although
Novellus does not expect the adoption of these standards to have
a material



effect on its financial condition or results of
operations, there can be no assurances that there will not be a
material adverse affect on Novellus business, financial
condition, and results of operations in future periods. There
also can be no assurances that the issuance by FASB of
additional statements of financial accounting standards in the
future would not materially adversely affect Novellus
business, financial condition, and results of operations if such
were required to be adopted by Novellus.

Novellus Pending Litigation and Other
Potential Litigation May Harm its Operating Results.

     Applied
Litigation

On July 7, 1997, prior to the consummation
of the purchase of the TFS business unit from Varian Associates
Inc., Applied Materials, Inc. filed a complaint against Varian
in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
California, San Jose Division, Civil Action No. C-97-20523
RMW, alleging, among other things, infringement by Varian
(including the making, using, selling and/or offering for sale
of certain products and systems made by TFS) of United States
Patent Nos. 5,171,412, 5,186,718, 5,496,455 and 5,540,821, which
patents are owned by Applied.

Immediately after consummation of the TFS
purchase, Novellus filed a complaint against Applied in the same
court, Civil Action No. C-97-20551 RMW, alleging
infringement by Applied (including the making, using, selling
and/or offering for sale of certain products and systems) of
United States Patent Nos. 5,314,597, or the
597 patent, 5,330,628, and 5,635,036, or the
036 patent, which patents Novellus acquired from
Varian in the TFS purchase. In its complaint, Novellus also
alleged that it is entitled to declarations from Applied that
Novellus does not infringe the Applied patents mentioned above
and/or that the Applied patents mentioned above are invalid
and/or unenforceable. Applied has filed counterclaims alleging
that Novellus infringes the Applied patents listed above.

Also after consummation of the TFS purchase, but
some time after Novellus filed its complaint, Applied amended
its complaint to add Novellus as a defendant. Novellus has
requested that the United States District Court dismiss Novellus
as a defendant in Applieds lawsuit against Varian. The
court has not yet required Novellus to file an answer to
Applieds complaint.

In addition to a request for a permanent
injunction against further infringement, Applieds
complaint and Applieds counterclaims to Novellus
complaint include requests for damages for alleged prior
infringement and treble damages for alleged willful
infringement. In connection with the consummation of the TFS
purchase, Varian agreed, under certain circumstances, to
reimburse Novellus for certain of its legal and other expenses
in connection with the defense and prosecution of this
litigation, and to indemnify Novellus for a portion of any
losses incurred by Novellus arising from this litigation
(including losses resulting from a permanent injunction).
Novellus and Varian believe that there are meritorious defenses
to Applieds allegations, including among other things,
that Novellus operations (including TFS products and
systems) do not infringe the Applied patents mentioned above
and/or that the Applied patents mentioned above are invalid
and/or unenforceable. However, the resolution of intellectual
property disputes is often fact intensive and, therefore,
inherently uncertain. Although Novellus believes that the
ultimate outcome of the dispute with Applied will not have a
material adverse effect on Novellus business, financial
condition, or results of operations (taking into account both
the defenses available to Novellus and Varians
reimbursement and indemnity obligations), there can be no
assurances that Applied will not ultimately prevail in this
dispute and that, in such an event, Varians reimbursement
and indemnity obligations will not be sufficient to fully
reimburse Novellus for its losses. If Applied were to prevail in
this dispute, it could have a material adverse effect on
Novellus business, financial condition, or results of
operations.

On March 25, 2002, the United States
District Court issued an order: (1) denying Applieds
motion for summary judgment of no literal infringement and no
infringement under the doctrine of equivalents of claims 1
and 8 of Novellus 597 patent with respect to
Applieds 300mm Al WP series magnet arrays;
(2) granting summary judgment of no literal infringement of
claims 1 and 8 of Novellus 597 patent to
Applied with respect to its 200mm RH and 300mm IMP
series arrays, but denying summary judgment with respect to
infringement under the doctrine of equivalents for these
products and claims; (3) denying Novellus
cross-motion for summary judgment of infringement of
claims 1 and 8 of Novellus 597 patent; and



(4) granting summary judgment of
non-infringement to Applied with respect to claims 27 and
28 of Novellus 597 patent and Applieds
300mm Al WP series magnet arrays.

On May 13, 2002, the United States District
Court issued an order: (1) denying Applieds motion
for summary judgment of no literal infringement of the 036
patent; and (2) granting Applieds motion to bar
Novellus from proving infringement of the 036 patent under
the doctrine of equivalents.

On July 26, 2002, Applied filed a motion for
summary judgment that the 036 patent is invalid for
failure to comply with the best mode requirement of 35 USC
 112,  1. Novellus intends to oppose this
motion, and hearing is presently set for October 11, 2002.

On August 1, 2002, Applied filed a motion
for leave of Court to amend its former Civil LR 16-9
Response Charts to assert additional prior art and other
invalidity defenses against Novellus 036 and
597 patents. Novellus intends to oppose this motion,
and hearing is presently set for October 11, 2002.

Novellus complaint against Applied also
includes requests for damages for prior infringement and treble
damages for willful infringement, in addition to a request for a
permanent injunction for further infringement. Novellus believes
that this litigation will not have a material adverse impact on
Novellus financial condition or results of operations.
However, there can be no assurances that Novellus will prevail
against Applied. If Applied were to prevail against Novellus, it
could have a material adverse impact on Novellus business,
financial condition, or results of operations.

Semitool
Litigation I

On August 10, 1998, Semitool sued Novellus
for patent infringement in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of California. Semitool alleges that
Novellus SABRE
TM
 and SABRE
TM
 xT
copper deposition systems infringe two Semitool patents,
U.S. Patent No. 5,222,310, or the
310 patent, issued June 29, 1993, entitled
Single Wafer Processor with a Frame, and
U.S. Patent No. 5,377,708, or the
708 patent, issued January 3, 1995, entitled
Multi-Station Semiconductor Processor with
Volatilization. Semitool seeks an injunction against
Novellus manufacture and sale of the SABRE
TM

and SABRE
TM
 xT systems, and seeks damages for
past infringement. Semitool also seeks treble damages for
alleged willful infringement. Semitool further seeks its
attorneys fees and costs, and interest on any judgment.

On September 24, 1999, the District Court
ruled on the interpretation of the claims of the 310 and
708 patents. On December 18, 1999, Novellus
filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement.

On March 17, 2000, the District Court
granted Novellus motion for summary judgment of
non-infringement. The District Court ruled that Novellus
SABRE
TM
and SABRE
TM
 xT systems do not
infringe the 310 and 708 patents.

On May 15, 2000, Semitool filed a notice of
appeal, appealing the District Courts judgment to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. On
June 8, 2001, the Federal Circuit affirmed the District
Courts judgment that Novellus SABRE
TM
 and
SABRE
TM
 xT systems do not infringe the 310 and
708 patents.

On September 6, 2001, Semitool filed a
petition for writ of certiorari with the United States Supreme
Court to review the judgment of the Federal Circuit. The Supreme
Court granted this writ, vacated the Federal Circuits
opinion, and remanded the case to the Federal Circuit for
further consideration in light of the Supreme Courts
decision in 
Festo Corp. v. Shoketsu Kinzoku Kogyo Kabushiki,
Co., 
122 S. Ct. 1831 (2002). On July 23, 2002, the
Federal Circuit again affirmed the District Courts
judgment of non-infringement.

Semitool Litigation II

On June 11, 2001, Semitool sued Novellus for
patent infringement in the United States District Court for the
District of Oregon. Semitool alleges that Novellus infringes
Semitools U.S. Patent No. 6,197,181, issued
March 6, 2001, entitled Apparatus and Method for
Electrolytically Depositing a Metal on a Microelectronic
Workpiece. Semitool seeks an injunction against Novellus
and damages for past infringement. Semitool also seeks treble
damages for alleged willful infringement. Semitool further seeks
its attorneys fees and costs, and interest on any judgment.



On November 13, 2001, Novellus countersued
Semitool for patent infringement in the United States District
Court for the District of Oregon. Novellus alleges that Semitool
infringes Novellus U.S. Patent Nos. 6,179,983,
or the 983 patent, issued January 30, 2001 and
entitled Method and Apparatus for Treating Surface
Including Virtual Anode; 6,162,344, issued
December 19, 2000 and entitled Method of
Electroplating Semiconductor Wafer Using Variable Currents and
Mass Transfer to Obtain Uniform Plated Layer; 6,110,346,
issued August 29, 2000 and also entitled Method of
Electroplating Semiconductor Wafer Using Variable Currents and
Mass Transfer to Obtain Uniform Plated Layer; and
6,074,544, issued June 13, 2000 and also entitled
Method of Electroplating Semiconductor Wafer Using
Variable Currents and Mass Transfer to Obtain Uniform Plated
Layer. Novellus seeks an injunction against Semitool and
damages for past infringement. Novellus also seeks treble
damages for willful infringement by Semitool. Novellus further
seeks its attorneys fees and costs, and interest on any
judgment.

On July 19, 2002, Novellus and Semitool
entered into and filed a stipulation dismissing with prejudice
both parties claims relating to the 983 patent.

Although it is inherently difficult to assess the
outcome of litigation matters when the litigation is in such an
early stage, Novellus believes that this litigation will not
have a material adverse impact on Novellus business,
financial condition, or results of operations.

However, there can be no assurances that Novellus
will prevail against Semitool. If Semitool were to prevail
against Novellus, it could have a material adverse impact on
Novellus business, financial condition, or results of
operations.

Plasma Physics Litigation

On December 28, 1999, Plasma Physics
Corporation and Solar Physics Corporation, collectively referred
to as Plasma Physics, filed a patent infringement lawsuit
against many of Novellus Japanese and Korean customers.
The suit was entitled 
Plasma Physics and Solar Physics v.
Fujitsu et al.
, Civil Action No. 99-8593, and was
pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of New York. On July 24, 2000, the Court ordered
Plasma Physics to re-file separate complaints against the
Japanese and Korean defendants, whereupon, Civil Action
No. 99-8593 would be dismissed without prejudice. In
accordance with the District Courts order, Plasma Physics
re-filed separate complaints against the Japanese and Korean
defendants in the District Court. Many of the defendants
notified Novellus that they believed that Novellus had
indemnification obligations and liability for the lawsuits.
Novellus believes it does not have any indemnification
obligations or other liabilities related to this lawsuit.

Plasma Physics asserted U.S. Patent Nos.
4,226,897, or the 897 patent, 5,470,784, or the
784 patent, and/or 5,543,634, or the
634 patent, against the defendants. Plasma Physics
sought an injunction against the defendants alleged
infringement of the 784 and 634 patents (the
897 patent had expired). Plasma Physics also sought
treble damages for alleged willful infringement. Plasma Physics
further sought its attorneys fees and costs, and interest
on any judgment. All of the Japanese and Korean defendants who
are or were customers of Novellus have since settled with Plasma
Physics. Novellus believes that it does not have any
indemnification obligations or other liabilities related to the
Plasma Physics settlement against the Novellus Japanese and
Korean customers.

On June 1, 2000, Novellus filed a
declaratory relief action against Plasma Physics and Solar
Physics requesting a judgment of non-infringement, invalidity,
and unenforceability with respect to the 897 and
784 patents. The suit was entitled 
Novellus v.
Plasma Physics and Solar Physics,
 Civil Action
No. 00-3146, and was pending in the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of New York. On July 31,
2000, Plasma Physics filed an Answer and Conditional
Counterclaim. Plasma Physics denied that the 897 and
784 patents are invalid and unenforceable.

Plasma Physics further denied that the
784 patent is not infringed by Novellus. Plasma
Physics also asserted a conditional counterclaim against
Novellus, alleging that Novellus PECVD processing systems
infringe the 784 patent. On April 3, 2002, the suit
was dismissed pursuant to a stipulation of voluntary dismissal
without prejudice.



On June 12, 2001, the United States Patent
and Trademark Office issued to Plasma Physics U.S. Patent
No. 6,245,648, or the 648 patent, entitled
Method of Forming Semiconducting Materials and
Barriers. On June 13, 2001, Plasma Physics sent a
letter to Novellus, indicating that it may sue Novellus
customers for their alleged infringement of the
648 Patent.

On June 14, 2002, certain of Novellus
customers, including Agilent Technologies, Inc., Micron
Technology, Inc., Agere Systems, Inc., National Semiconductor
Corporation, Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V., Texas
Instruments, Inc., ST Microelectronics, Inc., LSI Logic
Corporation, International Business Machines Corporation,
Conexant Systems, Inc., Motorola, Inc., Advanced Micro Devices,
and Analog Devices Inc., were sued by Plasma Physics on certain
U.S. Patents, including the 897, 784,
634, and 648 patents. Many of the defendants
notified Novellus that they believed that Novellus had
indemnification obligations and liability for the lawsuits.

Novellus believes that this matter will not have
a material adverse impact on Novellus financial condition
or results of operations. However, there can be no assurances
that Novellus and its customers will prevail against Plasma
Physics. If Plasma Physics were to prevail against Novellus or
its customers, it could have a material adverse impact on
Novellus business, financial condition, or results of
operations.

Linear Technology Litigation

On March 12, 2002, Linear Technology
Corporation filed a complaint against Novellus, among other
parties, in the Superior Court of the State of California for
the County of Santa Clara, Case No. CV806004. The complaint
seeks damages (including punitive damages) and injunctions for
causes of actions involving, among other things, alleged breach
of contract, fraud, unfair competition, breach of warranty, and
declaratory relief. Novellus filed a demurrer to Linears
complaint.

Although it is inherently difficult to assess the
outcome of litigation matters when the litigation is in such an
early stage, Novellus believes that this litigation will not
have a material adverse impact on Novellus financial
condition or results of operations. However, there can be no
assurances that Novellus will prevail against Linear. If Linear
were to prevail against Novellus, it could have a material
adverse impact on Novellus business, financial condition,
or results of operations.

Other Litigation

In addition, in the normal course of business,
Novellus from time to time receives inquiries with regard to
possible other patent infringements. Novellus believes it is
unlikely that the outcome of the patent infringement inquiries
will have a material adverse effect on Novellus financial
position or results of operations.

There has been substantial litigation regarding
patent and other intellectual property rights in semiconductor
related industries. Although Novellus is not aware of any
significant claim of infringement by its products of any patents
or proprietary rights of others except as claimed by Applied,
Semitool, Plasma Physics, and Linear further commercialization
of Novellus products could provoke claims of infringement
from third parties. In the future, litigation may be necessary
to enforce patents issued to Novellus, to protect trade secrets
or know-how owned by Novellus or to defend Novellus against
claimed infringement of the rights of others and to determine
the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Any
such litigation could result in substantial cost and diversion
of effort by Novellus, which by itself could have a material
adverse effect on Novellus financial condition and
operating results. Further, adverse determinations in such
litigation could result in Novellus loss of proprietary
rights, subject Novellus to significant liabilities to third
parties, require Novellus to seek licenses from third parties or
prevent Novellus from manufacturing or selling its products, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on Novellus
business, financial condition or results of operations.

Novellus is a defendant or plaintiff in various
actions that arose in the normal course of business. In the
opinion of management, Novellus believes that the ultimate
disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse
effect on Novellus business, financial condition, or
results of operations.



TRENDS, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RELATING TO
SPEEDFAM-IPEC

SpeedFam-IPEC is using substantial cash
reserves to fund operations during the industry downturn, and
there can be no assurance it will be able to achieve positive
cash flow in the foreseeable future.

During 2002, SpeedFam-IPEC used
$25.4 million in operating activities compared to
$30.0 million during the same period of the prior year.
SpeedFam-IPEC is currently exploring options to generate
positive cash flow, including continued reduction in operating
expenses. However, SpeedFam-IPEC continues to experience
depressed revenues and orders and is unable to determine when
demand for its products will resume, if ever. Accordingly,
SpeedFam-IPEC can provide no assurances that it will achieve a
positive cash flow position in the future or obtain or generate
sufficient cash proceeds from financings to sustain its
operations.

SpeedFam-IPEC common stock may be delisted by
Nasdaq if it does not comply with Nasdaqs listing
maintenance requirements.

SpeedFam-IPEC common stock is listed on the
Nasdaq National Market. SpeedFam-IPEC is currently in compliance
with Nasdaqs continued listing requirements. However, if
the price of SpeedFam-IPECs common stock falls below $3.00
for 30 consecutive days and if its shareholders
equity falls below $10 million, or if SpeedFam-IPEC is not
otherwise able to demonstrate to Nasdaq its ability to comply
with its other listing standards, SpeedFam-IPECs shares of
common stock might be delisted. A delisting is likely to make
the price of SpeedFam-IPECs common stock fall steeply.
This lack of liquidity also could make it more difficult for
SpeedFam-IPEC to raise capital in the future. As of June 1,
2002, SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders equity was
$13.9 million and its stock price as quoted on Nasdaq was
$2.85 per share as of July 31, 2002.

SpeedFam-IPECs current business model is
predicated on the successful launch and market acceptance of its
Momentum
TM
 and Momentum300
TM
 products.
SpeedFam-IPECs failure to win qualification contests and
obtain volume orders for its 200 and 300 millimeter
Momentum
TM
 products would materially adversely affect
SpeedFam-IPECs cash flow and operations.

A significant portion of SpeedFam-IPECs
projected revenue depends on sales of its Momentum
TM

product. Any positive response to Momentum
TM
 through
evaluation testing may not translate into sales of
Momentum
TM
 on the scale or in the time frame
SpeedFam-IPEC anticipates. If SpeedFam-IPEC is unable to close
anticipated orders, sell products at profitable levels, or
fulfill orders for the Momentum
TM
 product, its
revenues, cash flow and profitability will be adversely affected.

In particular, SpeedFam-IPEC must succeed in
selling CMP equipment for leading-edge technologies such as 300
millimeter wafer processing, 0.13 micron and below
processing, and copper applications in order to increase its
cash flows and maintain market share. To compete for market
share in these leading-edge technologies, SpeedFam-IPEC must
enter into qualification contests that will result in
manufacturers choosing a line of equipment and purchasing such
equipment in volume. To date, SpeedFam-IPEC has not won any
qualification contests for its 300 millimeter tool. If
SpeedFam-IPEC fails to win qualification contests for
300 millimeter, 0.13 micron and below processing, and
copper applications, it may experience difficulty achieving
volume sales of next-generation equipment to semiconductor
manufacturers, which would adversely affect revenues and cash
flows.

The rollout of Momentum
TM
 and
Momentum300
TM
 may be slowed due to:

 

Industry downturns;

 

Manufacturing problems;

 

Unforeseen technical problems with the
    Momentum
TM
 or Momentum300
TM
 product itself;

 

Changes in the CMP marketplace that differ from
    SpeedFam-IPECs expectations; or

 

Competitive factors.



The sales and implementation cycles for
SpeedFam-IPECs products are long, and it may incur
substantial, non-recoverable expenses or devote significant
resources to sales that may not occur when anticipated, if at
all.

A customers decision to purchase
SpeedFam-IPECs products involves a significant commitment
of its resources and a lengthy evaluation and product
qualification process. SpeedFam-IPECs sales cycle for new
customers is lengthy, typically from six to eighteen months.
After a customer decides to purchase SpeedFam-IPECs
products, the timing of their deployment and implementation
depends on a variety of factors specific to each customer.
Further, prospective customers may delay purchasing
SpeedFam-IPECs products in order to evaluate new
technologies. Throughout the sales cycle, SpeedFam-IPEC spends
considerable resources educating and providing information to
prospective customers regarding the use and benefits of its
products.

SpeedFam-IPECs dependence on selling a
small number of high-priced machines to a small number of major
customers may lead to reduced revenues and profits should its
customers delay or cancel delivery orders.

SpeedFam-IPEC derives a significant portion of
its revenue from the sale of a relatively small number of
high-priced CMP systems to a select group of CMP customers. For
the year ended June 1, 2002, Intel Corporation and United
Microelectronics accounted for 11% and 14% of
SpeedFam-IPECs net sales, respectively. For the year ended
June 2, 2001, Intel, United Microelectronics and Silterra
Malaysia Sdn. Bhd accounted for 15%, 11% and 10% of
SpeedFam-IPECs net sales, respectively. For the year ended
June 3, 2000, Intel and United Microelectronics accounted
for 11% and 12% of SpeedFam-IPECs net sales, respectively.
The loss of a significant customer or a substantial reduction in
orders by any significant customer, including reductions due to
customer departures from previous buying patterns, would damage
SpeedFam-IPECs business and results of operations.
Moreover, SpeedFam-IPEC is subject to the credit risk of its
customers. Consequently, if any one of SpeedFam-IPECs
significant customers delays payment or is unable to pay, its
financial condition and business would be affected.

SpeedFam-IPEC is transitioning its
manufacturing process to more of an outsourced model, which will
increase its dependence on a few key suppliers.

For its next-generation products, SpeedFam-IPEC
is moving toward an outsourced production model, in which a
limited number of key vendors will supply a limited number of
modules designed to SpeedFam-IPECs specifications that it
will assemble into the vendors products. Historically,
SpeedFam-IPEC has manufactured its own products from parts,
components and subassemblies provided by more than one hundred
suppliers. Although SpeedFam-IPEC anticipates that its new
processes will streamline production, reduce inventories, and
increase margins, its operating results and relationships with
its customers may suffer in the event of:

 

Insufficient quantity or quality of parts from
    suppliers;

 

SpeedFam-IPECs failure to receive shipments
    from suppliers in a cost-effective and timely manner;

 

The failure of SpeedFam-IPECs suppliers to
    obtain necessary raw materials or other parts; or

 

The inability of SpeedFam-IPECs suppliers
    to obtain credit or maintain sufficient cash flows.

Orders in backlog may not result in future
revenue if customers cancel or reschedule orders.

SpeedFam-IPEC includes in backlog only those
customer orders for which it has accepted purchase orders.
Expected revenue may be lower if customers cancel or reschedule
orders, which they can generally do without penalty. For
instance, during fiscal 2002, SpeedFam-IPEC has decreased its
backlog by approximately $19 million for orders that were
canceled or had shipment dates that were rescheduled beyond the
next twelve months.



The downturn in the semiconductor industry has
led and may continue to lead to decreased revenues.

During 2001 and 2002, slowing worldwide demand
for semiconductors resulted in significant inventory buildups
for semiconductor companies and a rapid decline in demand for
semiconductor manufacturing equipment. Presently, SpeedFam-IPEC
has little visibility regarding how long the semiconductor
industry downturn will last or how severe the downturn will be.
During fiscal 2002, SpeedFam-IPEC experienced cancellations and
suspensions of orders for its products and a significant
decrease in orders. Although SpeedFam-IPEC experienced a
significant increase in bookings during the fourth quarter,
SpeedFam-IPEC is uncertain as to the timing of a significant and
sustainable industry recovery. If the downturn continues or
worsens, SpeedFam-IPEC may experience additional cancellations
and/or suspensions of orders for its products and a continuing
slowdown in orders.

SpeedFam-IPECs quarterly results of
operations could fluctuate due to factors outside of
SpeedFam-IPECs control, which may cause fluctuations and a
corresponding decrease to the price of its securities.

SpeedFam-IPECs quarterly operating results
may fluctuate for reasons that are not within
SpeedFam-IPECs control, including:

 

Industry demand for SpeedFam-IPECs
    products, which depends on economic conditions in the
    semiconductor and silicon wafer markets;

 

Timing of new product introductions and market
    acceptance of new or enhanced versions of SpeedFam-IPECs
    or its customers products;

 

Ability to develop and implement new technologies
    in a timely fashion to meet market demand;

 

The health of other industries on which
    SpeedFam-IPEC is dependant, such as the personal computer,
    telecommunications and electronics industries;

 

Consolidation in the chip manufacturing industry;

 

The actions of SpeedFam-IPECs competitors;

 

Timing, cancellation or delay of customer orders,
    shipments and acceptance;

 

Unexpected costs associated with sales and
    service of the CMP tools and processes; and

 

Foreign currency exchange rates.

The fluctuation of SpeedFam-IPECs quarterly
operating results, as well as other factors, could cause the
market price of SpeedFam-IPECs securities to fluctuate and
decrease. Some of these factors include:

 

Enhanced credit risk associated with
    SpeedFam-IPECs debt;

 

The announcement of new customers or the loss of
    significant customers;

 

Delays in orders;

 

Announcements by SpeedFam-IPECs competitors;

 

Sales or purchases of SpeedFam-IPEC securities by
    officers, directors and insiders;

 

Government regulation;

 

Changes in earnings estimates or recommendations
    by securities analysts, or SpeedFam-IPECs failure to
    achieve analysts earnings estimates;

 

Announcements regarding restructuring,
    technological innovations, departures of key officers, directors
    or employees, or the introduction of new products; and

 

General market conditions and other factors,
    including factors unrelated to SpeedFam-IPECs operating
    performance or that of its competitors.



In addition, the stock prices of many companies
in the semiconductor industry have experienced wide fluctuations
that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of
those companies. These factors and price fluctuations may
materially and adversely affect the market price of
SpeedFam-IPECs securities. Investors in
SpeedFam-IPECs securities should be willing to incur the
risk of such price fluctuations.

SpeedFam-IPEC faces intense competition,
including from companies with greater resources. This
competitive pressure could lead to continued decreases in
SpeedFam-IPECs revenues, which would adversely affect
SpeedFam-IPECs operating results.

Several companies currently market CMP systems
that directly compete with SpeedFam-IPECs products,
including Applied Materials, Inc. and Ebara Corporation. For
several reasons, SpeedFam-IPEC may not compete effectively with
existing and potential competitors. These reasons may include:

 

Some competitors have greater financial resources
    and are in better financial condition than SpeedFam-IPEC;

 

Some competitors have more extensive engineering,
    manufacturing, marketing and customer service and support
    capabilities;

 

Some competitors may supply a broader range of
    semiconductor capital equipment, enabling them to serve more or
    all of their customers needs. This could limit sales for
    SpeedFam-IPEC and strengthen existing relationships that
    competitors have with semiconductor manufacturers, including
    SpeedFam-IPECs current and potential customers;

 

Some competitors may be able to better adapt to
    changing market conditions and customer demand;

 

Competitors are expected to continue to improve
    their existing technology and introduce new products. These
    products may be better, cheaper or more efficient than
    SpeedFam-IPECs products; and

 

Other capital equipment manufacturers not
    currently involved in the development of CMP systems may enter
    the market or develop technology that reduces the need for
    SpeedFam-IPECs products.

Increased competitive pressure could lead to
lower prices and reduced margins for SpeedFam-IPECs
products. If SpeedFam-IPEC experiences continued reductions in
its revenue for any reason, SpeedFam-IPECs margins will
continue to be reduced, which would adversely affect its results
of operations. SpeedFam-IPEC cannot assure you that it will be
able to compete successfully in the future.

SpeedFam-IPEC may not develop products in time
to meet changing technologies, which could lead to reduced
revenue and market share.

Semiconductor manufacturing equipment and
processes are subject to rapid technological changes and product
obsolescence. SpeedFam-IPECs success in developing,
introducing and selling new and enhanced products and
technologies depends upon a variety of factors including:

 

Anticipation of market trends;

 

Product selection;

 

Timely and efficient completion of product design
    and development;

 

Timely and efficient implementation of
    manufacturing and assembly processes;

 

Adjustment of production and pricing to meet
    customer demand;

 

Product performance in the field; and

 

Effective sales and marketing.

If SpeedFam-IPEC is unable to timely develop new
products and technologies, SpeedFam-IPEC will likely experience
reduced revenue and market share.



Product or process development problems could
harm SpeedFam-IPECs results of operations.

SpeedFam-IPECs products are complex, and
from time to time have defects or bugs that are difficult and
costly to fix. This can harm SpeedFam-IPECs results of
operations in the following ways:

 

SpeedFam-IPEC incurs substantial costs to ensure
    the functionality and reliability of products early in their
    life cycle;

 

Repeated defects or bugs can reduce orders,
    increase manufacturing costs, adversely impact working capital
    and increase service and warranty expenses; and

 

SpeedFam-IPEC requires significant lead-times
    between product introduction and commercial shipment.

As a result, SpeedFam-IPEC may have to write off
inventory and other assets related to products and could lose
customers and revenue. There is no assurance that SpeedFam-IPEC
will be successful in preventing product and process development
problems that could potentially harm SpeedFam-IPECs
results of operations.

SpeedFam-IPECs dependence on
international sales, particularly in Asia and Europe, subjects
the company to a risk of decreased revenues.

International sales are subject to additional
risks and uncertainties, including:

 

Foreign exchange issues, including risks
    associated with SpeedFam-IPECs forward exchange contracts
    to buy and sell foreign currency;

 

Language and other cultural differences that may
    inhibit SpeedFam-IPECs sales and marketing efforts and
    create internal communication problems among
    SpeedFam-IPECs US and foreign counterparts;

 

Political, economic and regulatory environment of
    the countries where customers are located;

 

Tariffs, quotas, and other trade barriers or
    restrictions;

 

Collection of accounts receivable;

 

Inadequate intellectual property protection;

 

Potentially adverse tax consequences; and

 

Intense price competition.

International sales accounted for 64% of
SpeedFam-IPECs total revenue for 2002, 61% for 2001, and
70% for 2000. SpeedFam-IPEC expects that international sales
will continue to account for a significant portion of total
revenue in future periods. If international sales are adversely
effected as a result of any of the foregoing risks or
uncertainties, SpeedFam-IPECs cash flows and financial
condition would be similarly effected.

If SpeedFam-IPEC is unable to protect its
intellectual property, its business could suffer.

SpeedFam-IPECs intellectual property is
very important to its success. SpeedFam-IPEC may not be able to
protect its technology for several reasons:

 

Pending and new patent applications may not be
    approved in a timely manner or approved at all;

 

Third parties may try to challenge or invalidate
    existing patents and new patents;

 

Policing unauthorized use of intellectual
    property is difficult and expensive;

 

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect
    intellectual property rights as much as U.S. laws;



 

Competitors may independently develop similar
    technology or design around SpeedFam-IPECs intellectual
    property;

 

Third parties may prevent SpeedFam-IPEC from
    selling products by alleging infringement, obtaining
    intellectual property rights that limit its ability to do
    business or require SpeedFam-IPEC to license technology;

 

SpeedFam-IPEC may not have adequate financial
    resources to address a dispute; and

 

The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks or
    uncertainties concerning SpeedFam-IPECs intellectual
    property could make SpeedFam-IPEC less competitive and adversely
    affect its revenues, cash flows and financial condition.

Third parties hold many patents relating to
CMP machines and processes, which expose SpeedFam-IPEC to the
possibility that it may be forced to cease production of its
products.

If SpeedFam-IPEC loses any of its intellectual
property rights or needs to obtain licenses to third party
intellectual property, SpeedFam-IPEC cannot assure you that it
will be able to obtain such licenses on reasonable terms, if at
all. If SpeedFam-IPEC is unable to secure the necessary
licenses, SpeedFam-IPEC may be forced to cease a substantial
portion of its operations.

SpeedFam-IPEC is subject to environmental
regulations and its inability or failure to comply with these
regulations could adversely affect its business.

SpeedFam-IPEC is subject to environmental
regulations in connection with its business operations,
including but not limited to regulations related to the
development, manufacturing and use of SpeedFam-IPECs
products. From time to time, SpeedFam-IPEC receives notices
alleging violations of these regulations. It is
SpeedFam-IPECs policy to respond promptly to these notices
and to take necessary corrective action. Failure or inability to
comply with existing or future environmental regulations could
result in significant remediation liabilities, the imposition of
fines and/or the suspension or termination of development,
manufacturing or use of certain of its products, each of which
could damage SpeedFam-IPECs financial condition and
results of operations.



FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement-prospectus and the
documents incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement-prospectus contain forward looking statements within
the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPECs financial conditions, results of operations
and businesses, and on the expected impact of the merger on
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs financial performance.
Words such as anticipates, expects,
intends, plans, believes,
seeks, estimates and similar expressions
identify forward looking statements. In addition, forward
looking statements in this proxy statement-prospectus include
the following:



Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs
    expectations regarding the merger, including that the merger
    will enable the combined company to enhance its product
    offerings to customers, more effectively innovate, rapidly bring
    products to market and better respond to changes in
    semiconductor technology and the needs of semiconductor
    manufacturers and the demands of their customers, will provide
    the combined company with the opportunity to interactively
    optimize surface preparation and deposition steps in
    semiconductor manufacturing, and that the merged entity will
    have a greater advantage in offering comprehensive product lines
    to semiconductor manufacturers;



SpeedFam-IPECs belief that the
    Momentum
TM

    product offers a number of advantages over competitive
    products;



Novellus belief that the greater
    complexity and number of interconnect layers in advanced
    integrated circuits will enable the markets for both deposition
    and surface preparation equipment to grow over the
    short-term;



Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs
    intention to comply with all requests for information from any
    applicable US or foreign antitrust regulatory agency or
    governmental entity;



Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs
    anticipation that neither company will pay any cash dividends in
    the foreseeable future;



Novellus expectations regarding
    amortizing certain technology on a straight-line basis over an
    average estimated life of six years;



Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs belief
    that the assumptions for the estimates used in valuing
    in-process research and development are reasonable;



Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs
    estimates regarding their respective direct transaction costs
    associated with the merger;



Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs
    beliefs regarding potential charges to operations that the
    combined entity may incur in the quarter in which the merger is
    completed or the following quarters to reflect costs associated
    with integrating the two companies;



Novellus belief that it has made
    adequate provisions for excess and obsolete
    inventories;



Novellus expectations regarding sales,
    including that its export sales will account for a significant
    portion of net sales in the foreseeable future, sales of
    Novellus products to relatively few customers will
    continue to account for a high percentage of Novellus net
    sales in the foreseeable future, and sales to certain of its
    customers will decrease in the near future as those customers
    complete current purchasing requirements for new or expanded
    fabrication facilities;



Novellus intention to continue to pursue
    the legal protection of its technology primarily through patent
    and trade secret protection and to file additional patent
    applications as appropriate;



Novellus belief regarding the exercise
    of its purchase option under the terms of its synthetic
    leases;



Novellus expectations regarding the
    effect of the adoption of SFAS Nos. 143, 144, 145 and 146
    on its financial condition or results of operations;





Novellus beliefs and expectations
    regarding the ultimate outcome of the Applied Materials,
    Semitool, Plasma Physics, and Linear Technology litigation
    matters including the belief that such matters, as well as other
    current patent infringement inquiries and various actions that
    arise in the normal course of business, will not have a material
    adverse effect on Novellus business, financial condition
    or results of operations;



SpeedFam-IPECs belief that its new
    processes will streamline production;



SpeedFam-IPECs expectation that
    international sales will continue to account for a significant
    portion of total revenue in future periods;



Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs belief
    that chemical mechanical planarization systems used in the
    fabrication of advanced copper interconnects will become a
    critical enabling technology as the industry evolves toward
    copper demascene manufacturing processes; and



Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs
    intention that a merger will be treated as a reorganization
    within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
    Revenue Code.

All forward looking statements included in
this proxy statement-prospectus are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
contemplated by the forward looking statements. Some of the
factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from
those contemplated by such forward looking statements include,
but are not limited to, the following possibilities:

 

Combining the businesses of Novellus and
    SpeedFam-IPEC may cost more than is currently
    expected;

 

The timing of the completion of the proposed
    merger may be materially delayed or prohibited;

 

General economic conditions or conditions in
    securities markets may be less favorable than currently
    anticipated;

 

Expected cost savings from the merger may not
    be fully realized or realized within the expected time
    frame;

 

Integrating the businesses of Novellus and
    SpeedFam-IPEC and retaining key personnel may be more difficult
    than expected;

 

Contingencies may arise of which Novellus and
    SpeedFam-IPEC are not currently aware or of which Novellus and
    SpeedFam-IPEC underestimated the significance;

 

The combined companys revenues after the
    merger may be lower than expected;

 

The combined company may lose more business,
    customers or supplies after the merger than Novellus and
    SpeedFam-IPEC currently expect, or the combined companys
    operating costs may be higher than Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC
    currently expect;

 

The amount (both in absolute dollars and as a
    percentage of net sales) of Novellus and/or
    SpeedFam-IPECs expenditures for research and development,
    selling, general and administrative and capital acquisitions and
    improvements may be materially greater or less than that
    currently expected; or

 

Development costs, anticipated completion,
    introduction and projected revenues from Novellus and/or
    SpeedFam-IPECs new and developing products and
    technologies may be materially different than currently
    anticipated.

Some of these factors and additional risks and
uncertainties are further discussed under Risk
Factors beginning on page 29. Because such forward
looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties,
actual results may differ materially from those expressed or
implied by such statements. SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which
speak only as of the date of this proxy statement-prospectus or
the date of any document incorporated by reference.



THE SPECIAL MEETING OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC
SHAREHOLDERS

Purpose of the Special Meeting.

The special meeting is being held so that
shareholders of SpeedFam-IPEC may consider and vote upon a
proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization,
dated as of August 11, 2002, by and among Novellus,
NHL Acquisition-Sub, Inc. and SpeedFam-IPEC and to transact
any other business that properly comes before the special
meeting or any adjournment of the special meeting. Additionally,
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders may be asked to vote upon a proposal
to adjourn or postpone the special meeting. Any adjournment or
postponement could be used for the purpose of allowing
additional time for soliciting additional votes to adopt the
reorganization agreement or to satisfy other conditions to
closing that the parties elect to satisfy prior to the
shareholder vote. Adoption of the reorganization agreement will
also constitute approval of the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the reorganization agreement.

Date, Time and Place; Shareholder Record Date
for the Special Meeting.

The special meeting of SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders
will take place on November      ,
2002 at 9:00 a.m. Mountain Standard Time at the offices of
SpeedFam-IPEC located at 300 North 56th Street,
Chandler, Arizona 85226. SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors
has fixed the close of business on
October      , 2002, as the record
date for determination of the SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. On
October      , 2002, there were
approximately 31,500,000 shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock
outstanding, held by
approximately                                holders
of record. The number of record holders does not include shares
held in street name through brokers.

Vote of SpeedFam-IPEC Shareholders Required
for Adoption of the Reorganization Agreement.

A majority of the outstanding shares of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock entitled to vote at the special
meeting must be represented, either in person or by proxy, to
constitute a quorum at the special meeting. The affirmative vote
of the holders of at least a majority of SpeedFam-IPEC common
stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting is
required to adopt the reorganization agreement. You are entitled
to one vote for each share of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock held by
you on the record date on each proposal to be presented to
shareholders at the special meeting.

As of
October      , 2002, the record
date for the special meeting, directors and executive officers
of SpeedFam-IPEC and their affiliates, each of whom has agreed
to approve the merger and adopt the reorganization agreement,
held approximately 163,455 shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock
(in addition to approximately 1.5 million shares of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock underlying options exercisable by
such directors and executive officers within 60 days of
October      , 2002), representing
approximately 1% of all outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC
common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting as of
October      , 2002.
SpeedFam-IPECs directors and executive officers are not
expected to exercise their options prior to the effective date
of the merger.

Proxies.

All shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock
represented by properly executed proxies that SpeedFam-IPEC
receives by mail, facsimile or in person before or at the
special meeting will, unless the proxies are revoked, be voted
in accordance with the instructions indicated thereon. If no
instructions are indicated on a properly executed proxy, the
shares will be voted FOR adoption of the reorganization
agreement unless the shares are held in a brokerage account. In
that case, brokers holding shares in the street name
may vote the shares only if the shareholder provided
instructions. You are urged to mark the applicable box on the
proxy to indicate how to vote your shares.

If a properly executed proxy is returned and the
shareholder has abstained from voting on adoption of the
reorganization agreement, the SpeedFam-IPEC common stock
represented by the proxy will be considered present at the
special meeting for purposes of determining a quorum, but will
not be considered to have been voted in favor of adoption of the
reorganization agreement. Similarly, if an executed proxy is
returned by a



broker holding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common
stock in street name which indicates that the broker does not
have discretionary authority to vote on adoption of the
reorganization agreement, the shares will be considered present
at the meeting for purposes of determining the presence of a
quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted in favor
of adoption of the reorganization agreement. Your broker will
vote your shares only if you provide instructions on how to vote
by following the information provided to you by your broker.

A proxy may be revoked at any time before the
proxy is voted at the special meeting. Revocation can be
accomplished in one of three ways. First, a shareholder can send
a written notice to SpeedFam-IPEC, either through the mail, by
facsimile, or in person, stating that the shareholder would like
to revoke their proxy; second, a shareholder can complete and
submit a new proxy card, again either through the mail, by
facsimile or in person; or third, a shareholder can attend the
special meeting and vote in person.

BECAUSE ADOPTION OF THE REORGANIZATION
AGREEMENT REQUIRES THE AFFIRMATIVE VOTE OF AT LEAST A MAJORITY
OF THE SPEEDFAM-IPEC COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING AS OF THE RECORD
DATE, ABSTENTIONS, FAILURES TO VOTE AND BROKER NON-VOTES WILL
HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS A VOTE AGAINST ADOPTION OF THE
REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT.

SpeedFam-IPEC does not expect that any matter
other than adoption of the reorganization agreement will be
brought before the special meeting. If, however, other matters
are properly presented, the persons named as proxies will vote
in accordance with their judgment with respect to those matters,
unless authority to do so is withheld in the proxy.

You may revoke your proxy at any time before it
is voted by notifying SpeedFam-IPEC by:

 

Writing to J. Michael Dodson, SpeedFam-IPEC
    Inc., 305 North 54th Street, Chandler,
    Arizona 85226;

 

Granting a subsequent proxy; or

 

Appearing in person and voting at the special
    meeting.

If your broker holds your shares in street name,
you must follow directions received from your broker to change
your voting instructions.

SpeedFam-IPEC will bear its own expenses incurred
in connection with the printing and mailing of this proxy
statement-prospectus. SpeedFam-IPEC and Mellon Investor
Services, SpeedFam-IPECs transfer agent, will request
banks, brokers and other intermediaries holding shares
beneficially owned by others to send this proxy
statement-prospectus to and obtain proxies from the beneficial
owners and will reimburse the holders for their reasonable
expenses in so doing.

YOU SHOULD NOT SEND IN ANY STOCK CERTIFICATES
WITH YOUR PROXIES. A TRANSMITTAL FORM WITH INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE
SURRENDER OF STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR SPEEDFAM-IPEC COMMON STOCK
WILL BE MAILED TO YOU AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE AFTER COMPLETION OF
THE MERGER.

Solicitation of Proxies.

SpeedFam-IPEC will initially pay the costs of
soliciting proxies. In addition to solicitation by mail,
SpeedFam-IPECs directors and officers may solicit proxies
by telephone, facsimile or otherwise. The directors and officers
of SpeedFam-IPEC will not receive compensation for such
solicitation but may receive reimbursement by SpeedFam-IPEC for
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such
solicitation. SpeedFam-IPEC will request that brokerage firms,
fiduciaries and other custodians forward copies of the proxies
and this proxy statement-prospectus to the beneficial owners of
shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock held of record by them, and
SpeedFam-IPEC will reimburse them for their reasonable expenses
incurred in forwarding such material. In addition, SpeedFam-IPEC
may retain the services of a proxy solicitation firm to solicit
proxies, and, if retained, will bear all cost thereof.



Board Recommendation.

THE SPEEDFAM-IPEC BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED
THE REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT AND RECOMMENDS THAT SPEEDFAM-IPEC
SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE
REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT.

THE MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE SPECIAL
MEETING ARE OF GREAT IMPORTANCE TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
SPEEDFAM-IPEC. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE URGED TO READ AND CAREFULLY
CONSIDER THE INFORMATION PRESENTED IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS, AND TO COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND PROMPTLY
RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE.

SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND ANY STOCK
CERTIFICATES WITH THEIR PROXY CARDS.

In considering such recommendation, SpeedFam-IPEC
shareholders should be aware that Novellus has agreed to provide
certain employment and indemnification arrangements to certain
directors and officers of SpeedFam-IPEC. (See Interests of
Directors and Executive Officers of SpeedFam-IPEC in the
Merger beginning on page 67 of this proxy
statement-prospectus).



THE MERGER

This section of the proxy statement-prospectus
describes material aspects of the proposed merger, including the
reorganization agreement and the related agreements. While
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC believe that the description covers
the material terms of the merger and related transactions, this
summary may not contain all of the information that is important
to you. You should read this entire document and the other
documents referred to carefully for a more complete
understanding of the merger. References in this section to
you or your refer to
SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders.

Background of the Merger.

The provisions of the reorganization agreement
are the result of arms length negotiations conducted among
representatives of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC. The following is
a summary of the meetings, negotiations and discussions between
the parties that preceded execution of the reorganization
agreement.

General. 
The
following is a description of the existing and historical
business relationship between Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC and a
description of the material aspects of the proposed merger and
related transactions, including the reorganization agreement and
certain other agreements entered into in connection therewith.
This section also discusses additional contacts and negotiations
that representatives of SpeedFam-IPEC have had with other
parties. While Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC believe that the
following description covers the material terms of the merger
and the related transactions, the description may not contain
all of the information that is important to you. You should read
this entire document and the other documents we refer to
carefully for a more complete understanding of the merger and
the related transactions.

Historical Background.

Over the past several years,
SpeedFam-IPEC has been contacted by and has engaged in
discussions with various third parties expressing an interest in
a potential business combination or strategic relationship.
Despite these expressions of interest, SpeedFam-IPECs
board of directors had been committed to an independent growth
strategy, including the development and introduction of new
technology within the CMP industry and the establishment and
maintenance of technology leadership in the evolving CMP market.

For several years, Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC (or
its predecessors) have met regularly in connection with their
membership in the Damascus Alliance, an open
collaboration of capital equipment suppliers whose mission is to
shorten time-to-market of copper/low-k dielectric devices for
semiconductor manufacturers. At these meetings, the members of
the Damascus Alliance, which included, among others, Novellus,
GaSonics, Lam Research and SpeedFam-IPEC, discussed product
directions and technology roadmaps, as well as other strategic
issues of importance to the companies and their customers.

In October 1997, Mr. Richard Hill, the Chief
Executive Officer of Novellus, was appointed to the board of
directors of SpeedFam International, Inc., the predecessor to
SpeedFam-IPEC. From time to time, Mr. Hill shared with
management and the other members of the board his interest in
pursuing a business combination or strategic partnership between
Novellus and SpeedFam International. Despite these expressions
of interest, SpeedFam Internationals board of directors
maintained their position of proceeding independently.

The Initial Novellus Offer.

In a letter from Mr. Hill,
dated November 20, 2000, and addressed to Mr. James
Farley, SpeedFam-IPECs Co-Chairman at the time, Novellus
memorialized its continued interest in pursuing a business
combination with SpeedFam-IPEC. This letter included an offer to
purchase all of the outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common
stock in an all cash transaction at $9.50 per share. On
November 17, 2000, the last full trading day prior to the
initial offer, the price of SpeedFam-IPECs common stock
closed at $7.50 per share. As a result of this letter, the
companies engaged in negotiations and Novellus began to conduct
preliminary due diligence of SpeedFam-IPEC and its intellectual
property. In late November 2000, after consultations among the
members of its board of directors, not including Mr. Hill,
SpeedFam-IPEC retained Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor to
assist management in its review of the Novellus offer and other
strategic alternatives for SpeedFam-IPEC.



At a regular meeting of the SpeedFam-IPEC board
of directors on December 1, 2000, representatives of
Goldman Sachs presented a strategic analysis of the Novellus
proposal. The SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors discussed the
information presented by Goldman Sachs and the strategic
benefits and detriments of accepting or rejecting the Novellus
proposal or pursuing alternative strategic alliances. The
SpeedFam-IPEC board determined that additional analysis of the
Novellus proposal was advisable. Mr. Hill did not
participate in these SpeedFam-IPEC board discussions.

On several occasions throughout December 2000,
Mr. Richard J. Faubert, the Chief Executive Officer of
SpeedFam-IPEC, engaged in discussions and negotiations with
Novellus regarding its initial proposal. During this time
period, Neil Bonke and Ken Levy, directors of SpeedFam-IPEC, and
Mr. Faubert also engaged in discussions regarding a
possible business combination with two separate publicly traded
wafer fabrication equipment suppliers with the intent to
leverage the strengths of their respective technologies. The
discussions with these companies, however, never progressed
beyond the preliminary stage due to the other companies
rejection of the business combination proposals previously
discussed.

At a regular meeting of the SpeedFam-IPEC board
of directors on January 4, 2001, Mr. Faubert
summarized for the board his discussions with Novellus and
described the details of Novellus offer. Mr. Hill did
not participate in this portion of the SpeedFam-IPEC board
meeting.

Also at the January 4, 2001 board meeting,
representatives from Goldman Sachs provided a more detailed
strategic and financial analysis of the Novellus offer.
Representatives from Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich & Rosati
LLP, SpeedFam-IPECs outside legal counsel at that time,
reviewed with the members of the board their fiduciary
obligations with respect to the Novellus offer, focusing
particular attention on Mr. Hills interest in the
transaction by virtue of his position as Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Novellus. The SpeedFam-IPEC board discussed
with counsel and its financial advisor the relative merits of a
cash or stock transaction structure, including tax effects, deal
timing, certainty of consideration, impact on current
negotiations, the ability to achieve a mix of cash and stock,
and the impact on outstanding stock options. The board also
discussed the viability of continued adherence to an independent
growth strategy and SpeedFam-IPECs long-term value
assuming that the Momentum
TM
 product proved
successful. A discussion ensued regarding SpeedFam-IPECs
financial resources and managements ability to operate
using those resources in the absence of the proposed transaction
with Novellus. Certain members of the board voiced their
objections to the Novellus proposal, in particular, that a
stock-for-stock transaction would provide its shareholders with
greater upside potential, and the board authorized
Mr. Bonke, a director, to continue negotiations with
Novellus. Mr. Hill did not participate in these
SpeedFam-IPEC board discussions.

Following the board meeting, Mr. Bonke
continued discussions with Novellus regarding a potential
combination and expressed the SpeedFam-IPEC boards
preference for a stock-for-stock transaction. Due to
fluctuations in Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs stock
prices during January 2001, the premium associated with the
exchange ratio set forth in Novellus initial offer was
reduced. As a result, in mid to late January of 2001,
SpeedFam-IPECs board determined that it would not proceed
with a transaction and negotiations with Novellus were
terminated. At a regular meeting of the SpeedFam-IPEC board of
directors on March 23, 2001, Messrs. Faubert and Bonke
summarized prior discussions with Novellus. The SpeedFam-IPEC
board confirmed that negotiations had ended and instructed
management to terminate its engagement of Goldman Sachs.
Mr. Hill did not participate in these SpeedFam-IPEC board
discussions.

Subsequent Novellus Offers.

In October 2001, SpeedFam-IPEC
approached Novellus regarding a potential investment in
SpeedFam-IPEC in an effort to remedy SpeedFam-IPECs
deteriorating cash position. Novellus engaged in brief
discussions with SpeedFam-IPEC regarding various potential
financing scenarios, including a sale/leaseback transaction
involving SpeedFam-IPECs corporate headquarters, and a
term loan to SpeedFam-IPEC secured by a license of intellectual
property. The parties failed to reach agreement on business
terms for any of the proposed transactions that were acceptable
to either company. Therefore, SpeedFam-IPEC did not pursue any
of these transactions with Novellus.

On April 10, 2002, Mr. Pete Simone,
Executive Chairman of SpeedFam-IPEC, met with Mr. Hill, who
had resigned from the SpeedFam-IPEC board in March 2002, to
discuss several possible relationships, including any continuing
interest by Novellus in acquiring SpeedFam-IPEC.



During June and July of 2002 Messrs. Simone
and Bonke met with a number of parties to discuss alternative
acquisition scenarios and potential business combinations,
including the wafer fabrication equipment supplier that Mr.
Faubert had previously met with in December 2000, as well as a
privately-held domestic manufacturer of CMP, wafer polishing and
backgrinding systems, a foreign supplier of CMP systems and
machine tools, and a closely-held semiconductor technology
company. SpeedFam-IPECs board was of the view that none of
these alternatives were feasible or in the best interests of the
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders due to various reasons, including the
inability of the third party to actually acquire SpeedFam-IPEC,
that the business combination would prove to be significantly
dilutive to the SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders, or that it may
potentially impede SpeedFam-IPECs long-term growth
strategy.

The Current Novellus Offer.

In a telephone conversation
between Messrs. Hill and Bonke on July 31, 2002,
Mr. Hill inquired whether SpeedFam-IPEC was interested in
renewing discussions regarding a possible business combination.
Mr. Bonke advised Mr. Hill that SpeedFam-IPEC might be
interested in renewing discussions, and suggested that Novellus
submit a proposal setting forth the terms pursuant to which it
would be willing to acquire SpeedFam-IPEC.

In a letter from Mr. Hill, dated
August 5, 2002 and addressed to Mr. Simone, Novellus
memorialized its renewed interest in acquiring SpeedFam-IPEC in
a cash transaction that would result in the SpeedFam-IPEC
shareholders receiving approximately $3.30 per share of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock. On August 2, 2002, the last
full trading day prior to the current offer, the price of
SpeedFam-IPECs common stock closed at $2.84 per share.

At a special meeting of the SpeedFam-IPEC board
of directors on August 5, 2002, the directors discussed the
new Novellus offer as set forth in the August 5
communication. The board determined that the amount and
transaction structure provided in Novellus offer were
unacceptable and again expressed its preference for a
stock-for-stock transaction. The board authorized
Mr. Simone to reject the current offer, but gave him
authority to negotiate for an increased offer in a
stock-for-stock merger transaction, and to report back to the
board on those discussions as promptly as possible.

Following the board meeting, on August 5,
2002, Mr. Bonke contacted a representative of
Needham & Company to inquire as to whether
Needham & Company would be available to act as
SpeedFam-IPECs financial advisor in connection with the
possible merger transaction and orally agreed that SpeedFam-IPEC
would engage Needham & Company as its financial
advisor, subject to mutual agreement on retention terms.

Pursuant to the direction of the board, on August
6 and August 7, 2002, Mr. Simone engaged in further
negotiations with representatives from Novellus. As a result of
these negotiations, the parties agreed orally upon a
stock-for-stock structure. Subsequent negotiations then focused
on the amount of the merger consideration. Based upon the
current market values of both companies at the time and
information with respect to premiums being offered in comparable
transactions, Novellus initially proposed an exchange ratio of
0.166. Based upon prior board discussions, Mr. Simone
countered by suggesting a ratio of 0.2. The parties ultimately
agreed on 0.1818, subject to board approval of both companies
and the receipt of appropriate fairness opinions by
SpeedFam-IPEC. At this point, the parties agreed to proceed with
the preparation of a non-binding term sheet to reflect their
then current understanding with respect to the proposed
transaction. Mr. Simone contacted the SpeedFam-IPEC board
members to advise them of the status of the discussions.

On August 7, 2002, representatives from
SpeedFam-IPEC, Novellus, Needham & Company, Merrill
Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, or Merrill
Lynch, financial advisor to Novellus, Snell & Wilmer
L.L.P., outside legal counsel to SpeedFam-IPEC, and
Morrison & Foerster, LLP, outside legal counsel to
Novellus, met in Tempe, Arizona to discuss the business
operations, strategies and financial projections of Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC, and continue the negotiations of a proposed
business combination between Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC.

On August 8, 2002, SpeedFam-IPEC and
Novellus entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement with
respect to confidential information to be disclosed by the
parties in connection with the proposed business combination,
and representatives from Novellus and Morrison &
Foerster, LLP began their due diligence review of
SpeedFam-IPECs operations and documents.



Also on August 8, 2002, Morrison &
Foerster LLP delivered a draft reorganization agreement and the
other transaction documents to SpeedFam-IPEC and
Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.

On August 9, 2002, representatives from
SpeedFam-IPEC, Novellus, Needham & Company, Merrill
Lynch, Snell & Wilmer L.L.P., and Morrison &
Foerster, LLP again met in Tempe, Arizona to continue discussion
of the business operations, strategies, and financial
projections of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC, and engage in
negotiations relating to the terms of the reorganization
agreement and related transaction documents.

From August 8, 2002 through the evening of
August 11, 2002, Novellus, SpeedFam-IPEC, and their
respective outside legal counsel participated in a series of
negotiations with respect to the terms of the reorganization
agreement and the other related agreements. These negotiations
covered all aspects of the transaction, including, among other
things, the representations and warranties made by the parties,
the restrictions on the conduct of their business, the
conditions to completion of the proposed merger, the provisions
regarding termination, the details of the no shop
clause, the amount, triggers and payment of the termination fees
and the consequences of termination and the delivery and terms
of the voting agreements and irrevocable proxies.

Meetings of the SpeedFam-IPEC Board.

At a special meeting of the
SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors on August 9, 2002, held
via teleconference, the directors discussed the status of the
proposed merger transaction with Novellus. Prior to this
meeting, the members of the board had been provided with copies
of the mutual non-disclosure agreement and an unsigned,
non-binding term sheet, as well as drafts of the reorganization
agreement and related transaction documents. At the meeting, the
board ratified execution of the mutual non-disclosure agreement
by SpeedFam-IPEC. Messrs. Faubert and Dodson presented
their views on the status of the negotiations with respect to
the proposed merger. Messrs. Faubert and Dodson and
representatives from Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. presented
the various unresolved issues under the reorganization
agreement, including the provisions relating to
non-solicitation, the termination fee, representations and
warranties, material adverse events and the status of each of
those issues. The board authorized Messrs. Faubert and
Dodson to continue negotiations with respect to the terms of the
reorganization agreement. Finally, representatives from
Needham & Company discussed the process being
undertaken with respect to its fairness analysis. The financial
advisors indicated that they would be in a position to make a
financial presentation to the board of directors at its
August 11 meeting in San Jose, California, and, based upon
its preliminary analysis, the financial advisors expected to
deliver the required fairness opinion.

On the afternoon of August 11, 2002, the
SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors held a special meeting in San
Jose, California, during which the SpeedFam-IPEC board of
directors discussed the proposed business combination with
Novellus and reviewed the status of negotiations and discussions
with Novellus. Also in attendance were representatives from
Needham & Company and Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.
Mr. Simone provided an overview of SpeedFam-IPECs
activities over the past year with respect to possible business
combinations and other strategic transactions. Although members
of SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors, during the period
leading up to the August 11 meeting, had approached other
parties regarding a potential business combination, these
discussions did not result in offers either to or from these
other parties. Moreover, it was the boards belief that
Novellus (i) presented the most attractive partner as
compared to other industry participants; (ii) possessed
both the compelling product strategy and the critical mass
necessary to achieve success as a combined entity;
(iii) provided a product focus that aligns with the
direction in which the industry is rapidly moving and is
complementary to SpeedFam-IPECs CMP equipment and
(iv) possesses the size, customer base, and strategic
alliances to enhance the global reach and the critical mass
necessary to enable SpeedFam-IPEC to better compete with its
principal competitors.

Mr. Faubert then presented an overview of
alternative strategies for SpeedFam-IPEC including proceeding as
an independent company and pursuing other strategic partners.
Mr. Faubert provided a detailed analysis of the potential
synergies associated with various industry participants based
upon product strategy and critical mass. The board discussed the
strengths and weaknesses of, and potential synergies associated
with, several potential strategic partners, including Novellus.
Mr. Faubert then proceeded to discuss the



potential difficulties SpeedFam-IPEC might face
in continuing to pursue an independent growth strategy,
including, among other items, the following:

 

The continuing debt service obligations under
    SpeedFam-IPECs bonds ($115 million principal amount);

 

The obligation to repay the bonds in 2004;

 

Potential for significant stock dilution if
    SpeedFam-IPEC were to effect an exchange offer of stock for the
    bonds at current prices;

 

The potential delisting of its common stock by
    Nasdaq;

 

The slow recovery of the capital and
    semiconductor markets; and

 

The need for a partner to exploit new technology
    recently developed by SpeedFam-IPEC.

Mr. Faubert concluded by reviewing the
chronology of the various discussions regarding the proposed
transaction with Novellus, as well as the current status of
negotiations with Novellus. SpeedFam-IPECs outside legal
counsel then discussed with the board members their fiduciary
duties in considering the merger and other applicable legal
principles in the context of business combination transactions,
making reference to written materials previously furnished to
the board members. SpeedFam-IPECs outside legal counsel
went on to discuss the timing of the proposed merger and the
material terms of the reorganization agreement and other
transaction documents, including the proposed exchange ratio,
closing conditions, termination rights, termination fees and the
ability of SpeedFam-IPEC to consider alternative proposals.
Needham & Company made a financial presentation and
delivered its oral opinion to the SpeedFam-IPEC board of
directors that, based upon and subject to the assumptions,
limitations and other considerations set forth in its written
opinion, as of August 11, 2002, the exchange ratio of
0.1818 of a share of Novellus common stock to be received for
each share of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock was fair from a
financial point of view to the holders of SpeedFam-IPEC common
stock, other than Novellus and its affiliates. For a more
detailed discussion of Needham & Companys
opinion, you should review the sections entitled The
Merger  Opinion of SpeedFam-IPECs Financial
Advisor beginning on page 60 of this proxy
statement-prospectus, and the text of Needham &
Companys opinion attached to this document as
Annex B. Following the presentation of Needham &
Company, the board discussed the strategic, business and
financial merits and the timing of the proposed transaction with
Novellus. The board of directors then reviewed and discussed the
principal terms of the proposed merger, including among other
things the proposed exchange ratio and merger consideration,
closing conditions, termination rights, termination fees and the
ability of SpeedFam-IPEC to consider alternative proposals.

After further deliberation, the SpeedFam-IPEC
board of directors:

 

Determined that the reorganization agreement and
    merger were advisable, and fair to and in the best interests of
    SpeedFam-IPEC and its shareholders;

 

Approved the merger, the reorganization
    agreement, the voting agreements and the transactions
    contemplated thereby;

 

Resolved to recommend that shareholders of
    SpeedFam-IPEC vote in favor of adoption and approval of the
    reorganization agreement and approval of the merger;

 

Resolved to call a special meeting of
    SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders to adopt and approve the
    reorganization agreement and to approve the merger; and

 

Authorized the Chief Executive Officer and other
    senior officers of SpeedFam-IPEC to execute, on behalf of
    SpeedFam-IPEC, the reorganization agreement and such other
    documents that such officers find necessary or advisable in
    their sole discretion, together with any changes, deletions,
    additions and alterations such officers approve consistent with
    the resolutions of the SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors.



Meeting of the Novellus Board.

On the afternoon of
August 11, 2002, the Novellus board of directors held a
special telephonic meeting, together with outside legal counsel
and Merrill Lynch. Mr. Hill reviewed the general terms of a
possible business combination transaction with SpeedFam-IPEC.
Mr. David Celli, Novellus Vice President of Business
Development, reviewed in detail the principal terms of the
proposed reorganization agreement, voting agreements and other
related agreements and matters, described the diligence process
performed by Novellus and its outside financial and legal
advisors, and reviewed the scope and results of the financial
review of SpeedFam-IPEC. Novellus outside legal counsel
reviewed with the Novellus board of directors the legal and
intellectual property due diligence performed. The Novellus
board of directors also received a financial presentation from
Merrill Lynch. The board of directors reviewed and discussed the
principal issues in the proposed transaction, as well as the
proposed exchange ratio and merger consideration, closing
conditions, termination rights, termination fees and voting
agreements and directed outside legal counsel and certain
executives to continue negotiations with SpeedFam-IPEC and its
outside legal counsel regarding certain open issues with respect
to the reorganization agreement.

After further deliberations, the Novellus board
of directors:

 

Determined that the reorganization agreement and
    merger were advisable, and fair to and in the best interest of
    Novellus and its shareholders;

 

Approved the merger, the reorganization agreement
    and the other transactions contemplated thereby; and

 

Authorized the officers of Novellus to execute,
    on behalf of Novellus, the reorganization agreement and such
    other documents that such officers find necessary or advisable
    in their sole discretion, together with any changes, deletions,
    additions and alterations such officers approve consistent with
    the resolutions of the Novellus board of directors.

During the evening of August 11, 2002,
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC entered into the reorganization
agreement. Also on August 11, 2002, certain executive
officers and directors of SpeedFam-IPEC entered into voting
agreements with Novellus, pursuant to which they agreed to vote
their SpeedFam-IPEC shares, if any, in favor of adoption and
approval of the reorganization agreement and approval of the
merger.

On August 12, 2002, a joint press release
was issued by Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC announcing the signing
of the reorganization agreement.

Reasons for the Transaction.

SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus believe that the
merger will allow the combined company to better respond to the
needs of the semiconductor manufacturing industry and the
demands of their customers. SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus believe
that CMP systems used in the fabrication of advanced copper
interconnects will become a critical enabling technology as the
industry evolves toward copper damascene manufacturing processes.

SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus are proposing the
merger in response to the above changes and innovations in the
manufacturing of semiconductors and because Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC believe that the merged entity will have a greater
advantage in offering comprehensive product lines to
semiconductor manufacturers, which optimize overall
semiconductor performance by combining Novellus currently
offered deposition systems with SpeedFam-IPECs CMP
systems. Specifically, Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC believe that
the merger would have the following benefits:

 

The merger will enhance product offerings to
    customers by combining SpeedFam-IPECs products with
    Novellus product offerings.

 

The merger is expected to enable the combined
    company to more effectively innovate and rapidly bring products
    to market, as well as respond to changes in semiconductor
    technology and the needs of semiconductor manufacturers through
    a combination of Novellus engineering resources and
    SpeedFam-IPECs depth of knowledge and technology
    leadership in CMP systems.



 

The merger is expected to provide the combined
    company with the opportunity to interactively optimize surface
    preparation and deposition steps in semiconductor manufacturing
    to increase overall device performance and to give the combined
    entity a major advantage in extending copper and low-k processes
    to advanced devices.

Although the companies believe the merger could
have the benefits described above, both companies caution that
there can be no assurance that any of these benefits will be
achieved and the failure to achieve one or more of these
benefits may have a material adverse effect on the combined
companys business, results of operations and financial
condition. See Risk Factors on page 29.

Recommendation of SpeedFam-IPECs Board
of Directors.

At its meeting on August 11, 2002, the
SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors determined that the merger and
the reorganization agreement are in the best interests of
SpeedFam-IPEC and its shareholders and that the terms of the
reorganization agreement and the merger are fair to
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders, and declared the merger advisable
and approved the reorganization agreement. Accordingly, the
SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors has approved the merger and
recommends that you vote in favor of approval and adoption of
the reorganization agreement.

Consideration of the Merger by
SpeedFam-IPECs Board of Directors.

After careful consideration, the SpeedFam-IPEC
board of directors has concluded that the reorganization
agreement and the merger are advisable, and fair to and in the
best interests of SpeedFam-IPEC and its shareholders, and
recommends that SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders adopt and approve the
reorganization agreement and approve the merger. This decision
was based upon a number of potential benefits of the merger that
the SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors believes will contribute to
the success of the combined company compared to SpeedFam-IPEC
continuing to operate as an independent business, including the
following:

 

The SpeedFam-IPEC boards judgment that the
    two companies have significant complementary strengths and
    complementary products, services and solutions;

 

Novellus market capitalization, broader
    suite of products and services, and historical revenue growth
    has the potential to provide SpeedFam-IPEC with additional
    resources to grow and gain market share more rapidly than
    SpeedFam-IPEC can grow as an independent company;

 

Based on the price of Novellus common stock at
    the time the reorganization agreement was approved by the
    SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors, the exchange ratio was at a
    significant premium over the price of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock
    then prevailing in the market, and the further opportunity for
    SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders to participate in the future
    growth in value of the combined company as shareholders of
    Novellus following the merger;

 

The combined companys potential to be a
    market leader as a single-source provider in the rapidly
    developing and highly competitive semiconductor capital
    equipment industry by offering a full line of semiconductor
    manufacturing products, services and solutions to large, medium
    and small enterprises;

 

The combined companys potential to leverage
    global presence in sales, support and alliances through
    Novellus extensive sales force, strong service
    organization and the combined companys developed customer
    bases;

 

The likelihood that the merger will result in a
    combined company with significantly greater financial,
    technological, and human resources to develop new products and
    acquire new technologies;

 

The potential difficulty SpeedFam-IPEC may have
    had in satisfying its repayment obligations in respect of its
    outstanding convertible bonds (principal amount
    $115 million, due 2004), and the fact that the combined
    company will have significantly greater financial resources with
    which to satisfy those obligations;



 

The possible delisting of SpeedFam-IPECs
    common stock from the Nasdaq National Market if SpeedFam-IPEC
    were unable to maintain compliance with applicable minimum bid
    price and shareholders equity requirements, and the
    adverse effect delisting would have on the price and liquidity
    of its common stock and its ability to issue such stock to repay
    its debt and for other corporate purposes;

 

The continuing downturn in the semiconductor
    market, and the substantially greater financial resources of the
    combined company to weather such downturn;

 

The fact that SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders will
    receive shares of Novellus common stock in the merger, allowing
    SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders to participate in any appreciation in
    the price of Novellus common stock whether prior to or after the
    time of the merger; and

 

The greater liquidity afforded SpeedFam-IPEC
    shareholders upon exchange of their shares of SpeedFam-IPEC
    common stock for shares of Novellus common stock, whose shares
    trade in significantly higher dollar and share volumes.

In identifying these benefits and evaluating the
merger, the SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors considered a number
of factors and sources of information, including the following:

 

Historical information concerning SpeedFam-IPEC
    and Novellus and their respective businesses, financial
    performance, condition, operations, technology, management and
    position in the industry, and information and evaluations
    regarding the two companies strengths, weaknesses and
    prospects, both before and after giving effect to the merger;

 

The reports and presentations of
    SpeedFam-IPECs outside legal counsel, Snell &
    Wilmer L.L.P., regarding the terms of the transaction, the
    financial presentation of SpeedFam-IPECs financial
    advisor, Needham & Company, and Needham & Companys
    oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed by delivery of
    its written opinion dated August 11, 2002 (which is
    attached to this proxy statement-prospectus as Annex B),
    that, based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and
    other considerations set forth in the opinion, as of
    August 11, 2002, the exchange ratio of 0.1818 was fair,
    from a financial point of view, to the holders of SpeedFam-IPEC
    common stock, other than Novellus and its affiliates;

 

Current financial market conditions and
    historical market prices, volatility and trading information for
    SpeedFam-IPEC common stock and Novellus common stock, and
    various factors that might affect the market value of Novellus
    common stock in the future;

 

The premium represented by the exchange ratio and
    the premiums paid in other recent transactions that could be
    viewed as comparable, and the negotiations between SpeedFam-IPEC
    and Novellus relating to the exchange ratio;

 

The alternatives available to SpeedFam-IPEC and
    the history of contacts with other parties concerning their
    possible interest in a business combination with SpeedFam-IPEC;

 

The terms of the reorganization agreement and
    related agreements, by themselves and in comparison to the terms
    of other transactions, and the intensive negotiations between
    Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC, including their negotiations
    relating to the details of the conditions to the parties
    obligations to complete the merger, the parties
    termination rights, the termination fee that SpeedFam-IPEC may
    be required to pay Novellus in certain circumstances, and the
    voting agreements;

 

The ability of SpeedFam-IPEC to entertain
    superior proposals pursuant to specific terms of the
    reorganization agreement; and

 

The conditions to closing to the merger, and the
    provisions of the reorganization agreement concerning what will,
    and will not, constitute a material adverse effect
    allowing a party not to complete the merger.



The SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors also
identified and considered a number of risks and uncertainties in
its deliberations concerning the merger, including the following:

 

The fact that the exchange ratio is fixed and
    will not change with increases or decreases in the market price
    of either companys stock before the closing of the merger,
    and the possibility that the dollar value of a share of Novellus
    stock at the closing of the merger may be more or less than the
    dollar value of a share of Novellus stock at the signing of the
    reorganization agreement;

 

SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders will receive shares of
    Novellus common stock in the transaction rather than cash, and
    the market value of Novellus common stock may decline following
    consummation of the merger;

 

The risk that the potential benefits sought in
    the merger may not be fully realized, if at all;

 

The possibility that the merger may not be
    consummated and the effect of the public announcement of the
    merger on SpeedFam-IPECs sales, customer relations and
    operating results and SpeedFam-IPECs ability to attract
    and retain key management, marketing and technical personnel;

 

The risk that despite the efforts of the combined
    company, key technical, marketing and management personnel might
    not choose to remain employed by the combined company;

 

The risk of market confusion and hesitation and
    potential delay or reduction in orders;

 

The fact that pursuant to the reorganization
    agreement, SpeedFam-IPEC is required to obtain Novellus
    consent before it can take a variety of actions between the
    signing and the closing of the merger; and

 

Various other risks associated with the
    businesses of SpeedFam-IPEC, Novellus and the combined company
    and the merger described under the section entitled Risk
    Factors beginning on page 29 of this proxy
    statement-prospectus.

The SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors concluded,
however, that many of these risks could be managed or mitigated
by SpeedFam-IPEC or by the combined company or were unlikely to
have a material impact on the merger or the combined company,
and that, overall, the risks, uncertainties, restrictions and
potentially negative factors associated with the merger were
outweighed by the potential benefits of the merger.

In view of the variety of factors considered in
connection with its evaluation of the merger, the SpeedFam-IPEC
board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did not,
quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific
factors considered in reaching its determinations and
recommendations.

FOR THE REASONS DISCUSSED ABOVE, THE
SPEEDFAM-IPEC BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED THE REORGANIZATION
AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER AND HAS DETERMINED THAT THE
REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE, AND FAIR
TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF SPEEDFAM-IPEC AND ITS
SHAREHOLDERS, AND RECOMMENDS THAT SPEEDFAM-IPECS
SHAREHOLDERS VOTE TO ADOPT AND APPROVE THE REORGANIZATION
AGREEMENT AND APPROVE THE MERGER.

Opinion of SpeedFam-IPECs Financial
Advisor.

Pursuant to conversations beginning
August 5, 2002 and an engagement letter dated
August 9, 2002, SpeedFam-IPEC retained Needham &
Company to furnish certain financial advisory services and to
render an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the exchange ratio to the holders of SpeedFam-IPEC
common stock, other than Novellus and its affiliates, referred
to in this proxy statement-prospectus as the Public
Shareholders. The exchange ratio was determined through
arms length negotiations between SpeedFam-IPEC and
Novellus and not by Needham & Company.
Needham & Company did not make any recommendation to
the SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors with respect to the type
and amount of consideration to be paid in the merger.



On August 11, 2002, Needham &
Company delivered to the SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors its
oral opinion, which it subsequently confirmed in writing, that,
as of that date and based upon and subject to the assumptions,
limitations and other considerations described in the written
opinion, the exchange ratio was fair to the Public Shareholders,
from a financial point of view. The Needham & Company
opinion was addressed to the SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors,
was directed only to the financial terms of the reorganization
agreement, and did not constitute a recommendation to
SpeedFam-IPEC, its board of directors, any shareholder or any
other person as to any specific action which should be taken
with respect to any matter relating to the merger, including
with respect to how any shareholder should vote at the
SpeedFam-IPEC special meeting. In connection with the
preparation of its opinion, Needham & Company was not
requested by SpeedFam-IPEC or the SpeedFam-IPEC board of
directors to solicit, and did not solicit, third party
indications of interest for acquisition of all or any part of
SpeedFam-IPEC.

The complete text of the Needham &
Company opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters
considered, limitations on and scope of the review undertaken by
Needham & Company, is attached to this proxy
statement-prospectus as Annex B. The summary of the
Needham & Company opinion set forth in this document is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Needham &
Company opinion. You should read the Needham & Company
opinion carefully and in its entirety for a description of the
procedures followed, the factors considered, and the assumptions
made by Needham & Company.

In arriving at its opinion, Needham &
Company, among other things:

 

Reviewed a draft of the agreement and plan of
    reorganization dated August 11, 2002;

 

Reviewed certain publicly available information
    concerning SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus and certain other relevant
    financial and operating data of SpeedFam-IPEC furnished to
    Needham & Company by SpeedFam-IPEC;

 

Held discussions with members of management of
    SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus concerning the current and future
    business prospects of SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus, respectively;

 

Reviewed and discussed with the management of
    SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus certain financial forecasts and
    projections prepared by such management or, in the case of
    Novellus, certain publicly available research reports and
    estimates with respect to Novellus;

 

Reviewed the historical stock prices and trading
    volumes of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock and Novellus common stock;

 

Compared certain publicly available financial
    data of companies whose securities are traded in the public
    markets and that Needham & Company deemed generally relevant
    to similar data for SpeedFam-IPEC;

 

Reviewed the financial terms of certain other
    business combinations that Needham & Company deemed
    generally relevant; and

 

Performed and/or considered such other studies,
    analyses, inquiries and investigations as Needham &
    Company deemed appropriate.

In its review and analysis, with the consent of
the SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors, Needham & Company
assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the
accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information
reviewed by or discussed with it for purposes of rendering its
opinion and has neither attempted to verify independently nor
assumed responsibility for verifying any of such information. In
addition, with the consent of the SpeedFam-IPEC board of
directors, Needham & Company assumed that any material
liabilities (contingent or otherwise, known or unknown) of
SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus were as set forth in the financial
statements of SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus, respectively, and that
the terms set forth in the executed reorganization agreement
would not differ materially from the proposed terms provided to
it. Needham & Company assumed that the financial forecasts
relating to SpeedFam-IPEC were reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments
of the SpeedFam-IPEC management, at the time of preparation, of
the future operating and financial performance of



SpeedFam-IPEC. Needham & Company also assumed
that the publicly available research analyst estimates with
respect to Novellus, discussed with the management of Novellus,
represented reasonable estimates of the future financial
performance of Novellus and relied upon such estimates without
further investigation. In rendering its opinion, Needham &
Company noted that forecasting future results of any company is
inherently subject to uncertainty and expressed no opinion with
respect to such forecasts or the assumptions on which they were
based. Although the financial forecasts did not form the
principal basis for the Needham & Company opinion, but
rather constituted one of many items that Needham &
Company employed, changes to such forecasts could affect the
opinion rendered. Needham & Company also assumed that
the merger would constitute a tax-free reorganization to the
holders of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock.

The Needham & Company opinion was
necessarily based on information made available to
Needham & Company and economic, monetary, market and
other conditions existing and subject to evaluation as of its
date. The Needham & Company opinion was rendered as of
August 11, 2002 and Needham & Company expressly
disclaimed any undertaking or obligation to update its opinion
after August 11, 2002. In addition, the Needham &
Company opinion did not address:

 

SpeedFam-IPECs underlying business decision
    to engage in the merger;

 

The relative merits of the merger as compared to
    any alternative business strategies that might exist for
    SpeedFam-IPEC; or

 

The effect of any other transaction in which
    SpeedFam-IPEC might engage.

No limitations were imposed by SpeedFam-IPEC on
Needham & Company with respect to investigations made
or procedures followed by Needham & Company in
rendering its opinion.

Based on this information, Needham &
Company performed a variety of financial analyses of the merger
and the merger consideration. The following paragraphs summarize
certain of the material financial analyses performed by
Needham & Company but are not a comprehensive
description of all of the analyses performed by
Needham & Company in arriving at its opinion. Some of
the financial analyses summarized below include information
presented in tabular form. The tables alone do not constitute a
complete description of the financial analyses. In order to
better understand the financial analyses performed by
Needham & Company, these tables must be read together
with the text of each summary.

Selected Company Analysis

SpeedFam-IPEC. 
Using
publicly available information, Needham & Company
compared selected historical and projected financial and market
data ratios for SpeedFam-IPEC to the corresponding data and
ratios of four publicly traded companies which
Needham & Company deemed generally relevant to
SpeedFam-IPEC. These companies, referred to as the SpeedFam-IPEC
comparable companies, consisted of:

 

FSI International, Inc. (FSII/NASDAQ)

 

Mattson Technology, Inc. (MTSN/NASDAQ)

 

Semitool, Inc. (SMTL/NASDAQ)

 

SEZ Holding AG (SEZ/SWX)

The table below includes certain information for
the SpeedFam-IPEC comparable companies and SpeedFam-IPEC
concerning the following multiples:

 

Market value of common stock as a multiple of
    projected calendar year 2002 earnings per share, or
    price/earnings multiple;

 

Projected calendar year 2003 price/earnings
    multiple;

 

Enterprise value as a multiple of projected
    calendar year 2002 revenues;

 

Enterprise value as a multiple of projected
    calendar year 2003 revenues;



 

Enterprise value as a multiple of the last twelve
    months (LTM) revenues ended June 30, 2002 (May 31,
    2002 in the case of FSI International and December 31, 2001
    in the case of SEZ Holding AG).

Needham & Company calculated multiples for
the SpeedFam-IPEC comparable companies based on the closing
stock prices for those companies on August 9, 2002 and for
SpeedFam-IPEC based on the closing price per share of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock on August 9, 2002 of $2.85.

2002 Enterprise

2003 Enterprise

LTM Enterprise

Price/Earnings

Price/Earnings

Value/Revenue

Value/Revenue

Value/Revenue

SpeedFam Comparable Companies:

High

21.8x

10.0x

1.8x

1.3x

1.8x

Mean

21.8x

10.0x

0.8x

0.7x

0.8x

Median

21.8x

10.0x

0.7x

0.7x

0.7x

Low

21.8x

10.0x

0.2x

0.1x

0.2x

SpeedFam-IPEC

NM 

NM 

1.5x

1.1x

1.4x

* 

NM indicates that the calculation
    was not meaningful.

Novellus Systems, Inc.

Using publicly available information,
Needham & Company compared selected historical and
projected financial and market data ratios for Novellus, based
on publicly available research analyst estimates, to the
corresponding data and ratios of five publicly traded companies
which Needham & Company deemed generally relevant to
Novellus. These companies, referred to as the Novellus
comparable companies, consisted of:

 

Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT/ NASDAQ)

 

ASM International N.V. (ASMI/ NASDAQ)

 

ASML Holding N.V. (ASML/ NASDAQ)

 

Lam Research Corporation (LRCX/ NASDAQ)

 

KLA-Tencor Corporation (KLAC/ NASDAQ)

The table below includes certain information for
the Novellus comparable companies and Novellus concerning the
following multiples:

 

Market value of common stock as a multiple of
    projected calendar year 2002 earnings per share, or
    price/earnings multiple;

 

Projected calendar year 2003 price/earnings
    multiple;

 

Enterprise value as a multiple of projected
    calendar year 2002 revenues;

 

Enterprise value as a multiple of projected
    calendar year 2003 revenues;

 

Enterprise value as a multiple of the last twelve
    months (LTM) revenues ended June 30, 2002 (April 30,
    2002 in the case of Applied Materials, Inc. and
    December 31, 2001 in the case of ASML Holding N.V.).

Needham & Company calculated multiples for
the Novellus comparable companies based on the closing stock
prices for those companies on August 9, 2002 and for
Novellus based on the closing price per share of Novellus common
stock on August 9, 2002 of $27.02.



2002 Enterprise

2003 Enterprise

LTM Enterprise

Price/Earnings

Price/Earnings

Value/Revenue

Value/Revenue

Value/Revenue

Novellus Comparable Companies:

High

77.9x

26.2x

3.8x

3.4x

3.8x

Mean

60.1x

22.3x

2.7x

2.0x

2.7x

Median

60.1x

22.9x

3.1x

2.0x

3.4x

Low

42.4x

14.8x

1.5x

1.0x

1.2x

Novellus Systems, Inc. 

112.6x

24.6x

3.4x

2.5x

3.3x

Selected Transaction Analysis

Needham & Company also analyzed publicly
available financial information for 11 selected pending and
completed mergers and acquisitions announced since
December 20, 1999 that Needham & Company deemed
generally relevant to the proposed merger between Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC. In examining these transactions, referred to as
the selected transactions, Needham & Company analyzed:

 

The premium of consideration offered to the
    acquired companys stock price one day prior to the
    announcement of the transaction;

 

The premium of consideration offered to the
    acquired companys stock price one week prior to the
    announcement of the transaction;

 

The premium of consideration offered to the
    acquired companys average stock price for the four weeks
    prior to the announcement of the transaction;

 

The aggregate transaction value as a multiple of
    sales for the last twelve months, or LTM sales;

 

The aggregate transaction value as a multiple of
    earnings before interest and taxes for the last twelve months,
    or LTM EBIT;

 

The aggregate transaction value as a multiple of
    earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
    for the last twelve months, or LTM EBITDA;

 

Transaction value as a multiple of net income for
    the last twelve months, or LTM net income; and

 

Transaction value as a multiple of historical
    book value.

Selected Transactions

SpeedFam-

High

Low

Mean

Median

IPEC

One day stock price premium

81.6

%

10.2

%

45.8

%

42.4

%

72.4

%

One week stock price premium

73.6

%

16.0

%

41.2

%

38.9

%

78.7

%

Four week average stock price premium

65.2

%

6.0

%

41.3

%

40.9

%

60.3

%

Aggregate transaction value to LTM sales

4.8

x

1.1

x

2.6

x

2.4

x

1.8

x

Aggregate transaction value to LTM EBIT

52.3

x

3.1

x

19.8

x

13.5

x

NM

Aggregate transaction value to LTM EBITDA

53.1

x

8.6

x

17.7

x

10.8

x

NM

Transaction value to LTM net income

48.0

x

18.0

x

31.6

x

30.7

x

NM

Transaction value to book value

9.0

x

1.8

x

3.7

x

3.4

x

11.2

x

While Needham & Company considered, among
numerous other factors, the multiple of aggregate transaction
value to LTM sales with respect to SpeedFam-IPEC, it did note in
passing that if the revenues attributable to two non-core
business operations of SpeedFam-IPEC were spun-off at book
value, the multiple of aggregate transaction value to LTM sales
would have been 2.3x.

No company, transaction or business used in the
Selected Company Analysis or Selected
Transaction Analysis as a comparison is identical to
SpeedFam-IPEC, Novellus or the merger. Accordingly, these
analyses are not simply mathematical; rather, they involve
complex considerations and judgments concerning



differences in the financial and operating
characteristics and other factors that could affect the
acquisition, public trading or other values of the selected
companies, selected transactions, or the business segment,
company or transaction to which they are being compared.

Relative Contribution
    Analysis

Needham & Company compared the pro forma
contribution of each of SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus, based upon
historical financial data and upon estimates provided by the
management of SpeedFam-IPEC, or in the case of Novellus, upon
publicly available research analyst estimates, to the resultant
combined company assuming completion of the merger. The relative
contributions of SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus are summarized in
the table below:

Contribution

Novellus

SpeedFam-IPEC

Last twelve months (LTM) Gross Profit

93.7%

6.3%

Projected 2003 Gross Profit

90.4%

9.6%

LTM Operating Income

100.0%

0.0%

Projected 2003 Operating Income

95.1%

4.9%

LTM Net Income

100.0%

0.0%

Projected 2003 Net Income

97.4%

2.6%

Total Assets

94.4%

5.6%

Total Liabilities

86.9%

13.1%

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

94.4%

5.6%

Pro Forma Equity Ownership

96.5%

3.5%

Earnings per Share Pro Forma
    Analysis

Needham & Company performed a variety of
analyses of the potential pro forma financial impact of the
merger on the earnings per share of Novellus for the fiscal
quarters ending August 2002 through November 2003 based on, in
the case of Novellus, publicly available research analyst
estimates and, in the case of SpeedFam-IPEC, forecasts provided
by the management of SpeedFam-IPEC, both with and without taking
into account certain cost savings and operating synergies
projected by the management of SpeedFam-IPEC to result from the
merger. In performing these analyses, Needham & Company
assumed, among other things:

 

Receipt by the Public Shareholders of the
    exchange ratio;

 

Completion of the merger on August 1, 2002;
    and

 

Calculation of pro forma earnings per share
    before amortization of goodwill.

The results of these analyses indicate that,
before the impact of any cost savings or synergies expected to
result from the merger, the merger would be accretive to
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders in most cases and dilutive to
Novellus shareholders in most cases through November 2003. When
the impact of the pre-tax cost savings or synergies, assumed to
total approximately $15 million, expected to result from
the merger is included, the merger would still be accretive to
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders in most cases and have no impact on
or be accretive to Novellus shareholders in most cases through
November 2003.

Other Analyses

In rendering its opinion, Needham &
Company considered various other analyses, including a history
of trading prices and volumes for SpeedFam-IPEC, Novellus and
certain other selected companies.

The summary set forth above, while summarizing
certain of the material financial analyses performed by
Needham & Company, does not purport to be a
comprehensive description of all of the analyses performed by
Needham & Company in connection with the rendering of
its opinion or the financial presentation made to the
SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors. The preparation of a fairness
opinion is a complex analytical process that



involves various determinations as to the most
appropriate and relevant quantitative and qualitative methods of
financial analyses and the application of those methods to the
particular circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not
readily susceptible to summary description. Several analytical
methodologies were employed and no one method of analysis should
be regarded as critical to the overall conclusion reached by
Needham & Company. Each analytical technique has
inherent strengths and weaknesses, and the nature of the
available information may further affect the value of particular
techniques. The conclusions reached by Needham &
Company were based on all analyses and factors taken as a whole
and also on application of Needham & Companys own
experience and judgment. Such conclusions may involve
significant elements of subjective judgment and qualitative
analysis. Accordingly, Needham & Company believes that its
analyses must be considered as a whole and that considering any
portions of its analyses and any of the factors considered,
without considering all analyses and factors, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying its
opinion.

In its analyses, Needham & Company made
numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and economic and other matters, many of which
are beyond the control of SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus. Any
estimates contained in these analyses are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or
values, which may be significantly more or less favorable.
Needham & Company expressed no opinion as to the actual
amounts that SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders will receive in the
merger or the market value or the prices at which any of the
securities of SpeedFam-IPEC or Novellus may trade at any time.
Additionally, analyses relating to the values of businesses or
assets do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect
the prices at which businesses or assets may actually be sold.
Needham & Company did not assume any responsibility for or
make or obtain any independent evaluation, appraisal or physical
inspection of the assets or liabilities of SpeedFam-IPEC or
Novellus. Accordingly, these analyses and estimates are
inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. The
Needham & Company opinion and Needham &
Companys related analyses were only one of many factors
considered by SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors in its
evaluation of the proposed merger and should not be viewed as
determinative of the view of SpeedFam-IPECs board of
directors or management with respect to the exchange ratio or
the proposed merger.

Under the terms of the Needham & Company
engagement letter, Needham & Company is entitled to be
paid $500,000 by SpeedFam-IPEC for rendering the
Needham & Company opinion and for financial advisory
services. Upon consummation of the merger, Needham &
Company will receive an additional transaction fee equal to 0.5%
of the aggregate purchase price, based on the aggregate value of
Novellus common stock issued in the merger, as of the closing of
the last trading day prior to the closing of the merger, plus
the amount of all indebtedness of SpeedFam-IPEC that is assumed
by Novellus, against which $500,000 of the initial fees would be
credited. SpeedFam-IPEC has also agreed to reimburse
Needham & Company for its reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses, not to exceed $50,000 without the prior written
consent of SpeedFam-IPEC and subject to any limitations imposed
by the reorganization agreement, and to indemnify it against
specified liabilities relating to or arising out of services
performed by Needham & Company as financial advisor to
SpeedFam-IPEC. Pursuant to the reorganization agreement, the
expenses, costs and other fees of SpeedFam-IPEC (including all
accountant, attorney and investment banker fees) incurred in
connection with the merger may not exceed $1.9 million.

Needham & Company is a nationally
recognized investment banking firm. As part of its investment
banking services, Needham & Company is frequently
engaged in the evaluation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, secondary distributions of securities, private
placements and other purposes. Needham & Company was
retained by the SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors to act as
financial advisor to SpeedFam-IPEC in connection with the merger
based on Needham & Companys experience as a
financial advisor in mergers and acquisitions as well as
Needham & Companys familiarity with the
semiconductor industry. Needham & Company is familiar
with SpeedFam-IPEC, having performed investment banking services
for SpeedFam-IPEC from time to time. Except for the fees for
investment advisory services related to this transaction, as
described above, Needham & Company has not received any
fees from SpeedFam-IPEC during the past two years. In addition,
Needham & Company may provide investment banking
services to SpeedFam-IPEC or Novellus in the



future. Affiliates of Needham & Company
currently own 502,500 shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock. In
the normal course of business, Needham & Company maintains a
market in the shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock and may
actively trade the equity securities of SpeedFam-IPEC or
Novellus for its own account or for the account of its customers
and, therefore, may at any time hold a long or short position in
those securities.

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers
of SpeedFam-IPEC in the Merger.

In considering the recommendation of the
SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors, you should be aware that
members of SpeedFam-IPECs management and of the
SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors have interests in the merger
that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of the
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders generally. The members of the
SpeedFam-IPEC board of directors knew about these additional
interests and considered them when they approved the
reorganization agreement.

Specifically, the directors and officers of
SpeedFam-IPEC participate in arrangements and have continuing
indemnification against liabilities that provide them with
interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition
to, yours, including the following:

 

As of
    September      , 2002, the
    executive officers and directors of SpeedFam-IPEC owned stock
    options to purchase an aggregate of approximately
    2.8 million shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock, of which
    approximately 1.3 million are unvested. If the merger is
    completed, approximately 531,000 shares underlying unvested
    options will accelerate and become immediately exercisable;

 

As of
    September      , 2002, directors
    and officers and their affiliates, who currently own
    approximately 1% of all outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC
    common stock entitled to vote at the special meetings on
    November      , 2002, have agreed
    to vote in favor of the merger;

 

Richard J. Faubert, J. Michael Dodson,
    Giovanni Nocerino, Saket Chadda and Robert Carey, executive
    officers of SpeedFam-IPEC, and SpeedFam-IPECs Executive
    Chairman, Peter Simone, are entitled to severance packages under
    their SpeedFam-IPEC employment agreements if their employment
    with SpeedFam-IPEC is terminated in connection with or upon
    SpeedFam-IPECs change of control, such as the merger. Each
    of these individuals, if terminated by Novellus following the
    merger, would be entitled to receive immediate vesting of all
    outstanding stock options, payment of their annual salary
    accrued to date, and, except for Mr. Simone, a single
    payment equal to 200% (100% for Messrs. Chadda and Carey)
    of the sum of the executives then current annual base
    salary and target annual incentive award prorated to the date of
    termination;

 

Upon completion of the merger, Novellus or
    SpeedFam-IPEC may enter into employment arrangements with some
    of the executive officers of SpeedFam-IPEC which, among other
    things, will enable such executive officers to continue to vest
    in options granted to them by SpeedFam-IPEC prior to the merger.
    Novellus and certain members of SpeedFam-IPECs management
    are currently discussing the possibility of employment; however,
    the parties have not yet reached agreement on any material
    employment terms. Novellus expects that any executive officers
    of SpeedFam-IPEC that are offered employment would be offered
    employment according to Novellus standard terms of
    employment with additional terms to be agreed upon by the
    parties;

 

Novellus has agreed to, and to cause the
    surviving corporation in the merger to, indemnify each present
    and former SpeedFam-IPEC officer and director for six years
    after the merger against liabilities arising out of such
    persons services as an officer or director of
    SpeedFam-IPEC. Novellus will, and will cause the surviving
    corporation to, maintain officers and directors
    liability insurance to cover any such liabilities for the next
    six years after the merger; and

 

An entity owned by Kenneth Levy, a current
    director of SpeedFam-IPEC, owns and leases to SpeedFam-IPEC its
    headquarters and manufacturing facility. The merger should
    enhance the credit worthiness of the lessor.



The directors and officers of SpeedFam-IPEC may
therefore be more likely to vote to approve the reorganization
agreement and the merger than if they did not have these
interests.

Indemnification and Directors and
Officers Insurance. 
The
reorganization agreement provides that Novellus will, following
the merger, indemnify each current and former director and
officer of SpeedFam-IPEC or any of its subsidiaries to the
extent provided in SpeedFam-IPECs current articles of
incorporation, bylaws or existing indemnification agreements.

The reorganization agreement further provides
that, for a period of not less than six years after the
effective time of the merger, Novellus will, and will cause
SpeedFam-IPEC as the surviving corporation in the merger to,
indemnify and hold harmless the present and former officers,
directors, employees and agents of SpeedFam-IPEC in respect of
acts or omissions occurring on or prior to the effective time of
the merger to the extent provided for under SpeedFam-IPECs
articles of incorporation and bylaws and existing
indemnification agreements, subject to any limitation imposed
from time to time under applicable law.

For six years after the effective time of the
merger, Novellus will, and will cause SpeedFam-IPEC as the
surviving corporation in the merger to, use its best efforts to
provide officers and directors liability insurance
in respect of acts or omissions occurring on or prior to the
effective time of the merger covering each such person currently
covered by SpeedFam-IPECs officers and
directors liability insurance policy on terms at least as
favorable as the coverage currently in effect on the date
hereof. Novellus will not be obligated to cause the surviving
corporation to pay premiums in excess of 150% of the amount per
annum SpeedFam-IPEC paid in its last full fiscal year. If the
surviving corporation is unable to obtain the required insurance
without paying more than that, it will obtain as much comparable
insurance as possible at that cost.

For a period of six years after the effective
time, to the extent there is any claim, action, suit, proceeding
or investigation (whether commencing before or after the
effective time) against or involving any indemnified party that
arises out of or pertains to any action or omission (or alleged
action or omission) in his or her capacity as a director,
officer, employee, or agent of SpeedFam-IPEC which act or
omission occurred prior to the effective time, Novellus will,
and will cause the surviving corporation to, provide legal
counsel and to defend the indemnified party and pay the
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel.

Novellus will also pay all expenses, including
reasonable attorneys fees, that may be incurred by any
Indemnified Party in enforcing the indemnity and other
obligations provided for in the reorganization agreement to the
extent that the indemnified party is determined to be entitled
to indemnification under the reorganization agreement.

Completion and Effectiveness of the
Merger.

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC will complete the
merger when all of the conditions to completion of the merger
are satisfied or waived, including adoption of the
reorganization agreement by the shareholders of SpeedFam-IPEC.
The merger will become effective on the filing of the articles
of merger with the State of Illinois. Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC
are working towards completing the merger as quickly as
reasonably possible.

Structure of the Merger and Conversion of
SpeedFam-IPEC Common Stock.

In accordance with the reorganization agreement
and Illinois and Delaware law, NHL Acquisition-Sub, Inc.
will merge with and into SpeedFam-IPEC. As a result of the
merger, the separate corporate existence of
NHL Acquisition-Sub, Inc. will cease and SpeedFam-IPEC will
survive the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Novellus.

Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding
share of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock, other than shares held by
Novellus and its subsidiaries, will be converted into the right
to receive 0.1818 of a fully paid and nonassessable share of
Novellus common stock. The number of shares of Novellus common
stock issuable in the merger will be proportionately adjusted
for any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization, redenomination of share capital or other
similar transactions with respect to SpeedFam-IPEC



common stock or Novellus common stock that takes
place between the date of the reorganization agreement and the
completion of the merger.

No certificate or scrip representing fractional
shares of Novellus common stock will be issued in connection
with the merger. Instead of a fraction of a share you will
receive an amount of cash, without interest, equal to the
product of (x) such fraction, multiplied by (y) the
average closing price per share of Novellus common stock
as quoted on Nasdaq for the 20 trading days ending on the
day which is two trading days before the closing date of the
merger, less any amount required to be withheld under foreign,
federal, state or local tax laws.

Exchange of SpeedFam-IPEC Stock Certificates
for Novellus Stock Certificates.

When the merger is completed, Novellus
exchange agent will mail you a letter of transmittal and
instructions for surrendering your SpeedFam-IPEC stock
certificates in exchange for Novellus stock certificates. When
you deliver your SpeedFam-IPEC stock certificates to the
exchange agent along with a properly executed letter of
transmittal and any other required documents, your SpeedFam-IPEC
stock certificates will be canceled and you will receive
Novellus stock certificates representing the number of full
shares of Novellus common stock to which you are entitled under
the reorganization agreement. You will receive payment in cash,
without interest, instead of any fractional shares of Novellus
common stock which you would otherwise have received.

You should not submit SpeedFam-IPEC stock
certificates for exchange unless and until you receive the
transmittal instructions and a form of letter of transmittal
from Novellus exchange agent.

You will not be entitled to receive any dividends
or other distributions on Novellus common stock until the merger
is completed and you have surrendered SpeedFam-IPEC stock
certificates to the exchange agent in exchange for Novellus
stock certificates.

If there is any dividend or other distribution on
Novellus common stock with a record date after the merger and a
payment date prior to the date you surrender your SpeedFam-IPEC
stock certificates in exchange for Novellus stock certificates,
promptly after your shares of Novellus common stock are issued
you will receive the distribution or dividend on those shares.
If there is any dividend or other distribution on Novellus
common stock with a record date after the merger and a payment
date after the date you surrender your SpeedFam-IPEC stock
certificates in exchange for Novellus stock certificates, you
will receive the distribution or dividend on your shares
promptly after the payment date.

Novellus will only issue a Novellus stock
certificate or a check in lieu of a fractional share in a
different name than the name in which a surrendered
SpeedFam-IPEC stock certificate is registered if you present the
exchange agent with all documents required to show and effect
the unrecorded transfer of ownership and show that you paid any
applicable stock transfer taxes.

Material United States Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Merger.

In the opinion of Morrison & Foerster
LLP and Snell & Wilmer L.L.P., the following are the
material United States federal income tax consequences of the
merger to the SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders, Novellus,
SpeedFam-IPEC and NHL Acquisition-Sub, Inc., assuming that the
merger is effected as described in the reorganization agreement
and this proxy statement-prospectus. These opinions and the
following discussion are based on and subject to the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the regulations promulgated
under the Internal Revenue Code, existing administrative
interpretations and court decisions, all of which are subject to
change, possibly with retroactive effect. This discussion does
not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation
that may be important to you in light of your particular
circumstances or if you are subject to special rules, such as
rules relating to:

 

Shareholders who are neither citizens nor
    residents of the United States or that are foreign corporations,
    foreign partnerships or foreign estates or trusts;

 

Financial institutions;



 

Tax-exempt organizations;

 

Insurance companies;

 

Mutual funds;

 

Dealers in securities or foreign currencies;

 

Traders in securities who elect to apply a
    mark-to-market method of accounting;

 

Shareholders who acquired their shares of
    SpeedFam-IPEC common stock pursuant to the exercise of options
    or similar derivative securities or otherwise as compensation;
    and

 

Shareholders who hold their shares of
    SpeedFam-IPEC common stock as part of a hedge, straddle or other
    risk reduction, constructive sale or conversion transaction.

This discussion assumes you hold your shares of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock as capital assets within the meaning
of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code.

It is intended that the merger will be treated as
a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code and that for federal income tax
purposes no gain or loss will be recognized by Novellus,
SpeedFam-IPEC or NHL Acquisition-Sub, Inc. solely as a result of
the merger. Morrison & Foerster LLP and
Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. have delivered to Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC, respectively, their opinions dated as of the
effective date of the registration statement of which this proxy
statement-prospectus forms a part, to the effect that the merger
will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. These legal
opinions are filed as exhibits to the registration statement on
Form S-4 of which this proxy statement-prospectus forms a
part. In addition, it is a condition to the closing of the
merger that Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC receive updated legal
opinions dated as of the date of the closing of the merger, in
each case stating that the merger will constitute a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code and that each of Novellus, SpeedFam-IPEC
and NHL Acquisition-Sub, Inc. will be a party to a
reorganization under Section 368(b) of the Internal
Revenue Code. The opinions of counsel described in this
paragraph are based on law existing and in effect as of the date
of each opinion as reflected in the Internal Revenue Code,
current, temporary and proposed regulations, the legislative
history of the Internal Revenue Code, current administrative
interpretations and practices of the Internal Revenue Service,
including its practices and policies as endorsed in private
letter rulings, which are not binding on the Internal Revenue
Service, and existing court decisions. Future legislation,
regulations, administrative interpretations and court decisions
could change current law or adversely affect existing
interpretations of current law. In addition, the opinions of
counsel assume the absence of changes in existing facts and rely
on customary assumptions and representations, including those
contained in certificates executed by officers of Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC and dated on or before the date of issuance of the
relevant opinion, which certificates shall not have been
withdrawn or modified in any material respect as of the
effective time of the merger. The opinions neither bind the
Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) nor preclude the
IRS from adopting a contrary position, and it is possible that
the IRS may successfully assert a contrary position in
litigation or other proceedings. Neither Novellus nor
SpeedFam-IPEC intends to obtain a ruling from the IRS with
respect to the tax consequences of the merger.

The condition that Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC
receive updated legal opinions dated as of the date of the
completion of the merger may be waived in writing by either of
the parties. In the event that these tax opinions are withdrawn
or otherwise not delivered at the Closing, or if the condition
is waived, the SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders will be resolicited if
the federal income tax consequences to them are determined to be
materially different from those described herein.

Based upon the qualification of the merger as a
reorganization, the following tax consequences will
result to you if you are a SpeedFam-IPEC shareholder:

 

Except as discussed below with respect to
    fractional shares, you will not recognize gain or loss for
    United States federal income tax purposes when you exchange your
    SpeedFam-IPEC common stock for Novellus common stock pursuant to
    the merger.



 

The aggregate tax basis of the Novellus common
    stock you receive as a result of the merger will be the same as
    your aggregate tax basis in the SpeedFam-IPEC common stock you
    surrender in exchange for the Novellus common stock, reduced by
    any amount of such tax basis that is allocable to a fractional
    share interest in SpeedFam-IPEC common stock for which you
    receive cash instead of a fractional share of Novellus common
    stock.

 

The holding period of the Novellus common stock
    you receive as a result of the exchange will include the holding
    period of the SpeedFam-IPEC common stock you exchange in the
    merger.

 

If you receive cash in the merger instead of a
    fractional share interest in Novellus common stock, you will be
    treated as having received the cash in redemption of the
    fractional share interest. Assuming that, immediately after the
    merger, you hold a minimal interest in Novellus, you exercise no
    control over Novellus and, as a result of the deemed redemption
    and after giving effect to certain constructive ownership rules,
    you experience an actual reduction in your interest in Novellus,
    you will recognize capital gain or loss on the deemed redemption
    in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash
    received and your adjusted tax basis allocable to such
    fractional share. Otherwise, the cash payment may be taxable to
    you as a dividend. Any capital gain or loss will be long-term
    capital gain or loss if you have held your shares of
    SpeedFam-IPEC common stock for more than one year at the time
    the merger is completed. Long-term capital gain of a
    non-corporate United States shareholder is generally subject to
    a maximum tax rate of 20%. The deductibility of capital losses
    is subject to limitations for both individuals and corporations.

 

If you dissent from the merger and receive cash
    payment for all of your shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock,
    you generally will recognize capital gain or loss, assuming that
    thereafter you own no Novellus stock (either actually or
    constructively under the rules of Section 318 of the
    Internal Revenue Code). Such gain or loss will be long-term
    capital gain or loss if you have held your shares of
    SpeedFam-IPEC common stock for more than one year at the time of
    payment. The amount of such gain or loss will be equal to the
    difference between the cash you receive and your tax basis in
    the shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock you surrendered.

 

Warrants to purchase SpeedFam-IPEC common stock
    that are outstanding at the effective date of the merger will be
    converted into a right to purchase Novellus common stock based
    on an exchange ratio equal to the product of the closing price
    of SpeedFam-IPEC stock on the last trading day prior to the
    closing date of the merger divided by the closing price of
    Novellus stock on the last trading day prior to the closing date
    of the merger. The conversion of the SpeedFam-IPEC warrants
    should not be a taxable event and holders of SpeedFam-IPEC
    warrants that are exercisable to purchase Novellus common stock
    after the merger should be subject to the same federal income
    tax treatment upon exercise of those warrants as would have
    applied if they had exercised their SpeedFam-IPEC warrants.

None of Novellus, SpeedFam-IPEC or NHL
Acquisition-Sub, Inc. will recognize gain or loss for United
States federal income tax purposes solely as a result of the
merger.

A successful challenge by the IRS to the status
of the merger as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code would result in
significant adverse tax consequences to the SpeedFam-IPEC
shareholders. If the merger were not treated as a
reorganization, the SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders would recognize
taxable gain or loss with respect to each share of SpeedFam-IPEC
common stock surrendered equal to the difference between each
shareholders basis in such share and the fair market
value, as of the date of the merger, of the Novellus common
stock received in exchange therefor. In such event, a
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders aggregate basis in the Novellus
common stock so received would equal its fair market value, and
the holding period of such stock would begin the day after the
date of the merger.

Information Reporting.

SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders who receive
Novellus shares also must comply with the information reporting
requirements of the Treasury regulations under Section 368
of the Internal Revenue Code. In general, the Treasury
regulations under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code
require any taxpayer who receives stock, securities or other
property, including cash, in a tax-free exchange in



connection with a corporate reorganization to
include with his or her income tax return a complete statement
of facts pertaining to the nonrecognition of gain or loss
including:

 

The cost or other basis of the stock or
    securities transferred in the exchange; and

 

The amount of stock, securities or other property
    received in the exchange.

In addition, the statement must include the fair
market value, at the date of the exchange, of each kind of
stock, securities or other property received by the taxpayer.
Taxpayers are required to keep permanent records showing the
cost or other basis of any property involved in such an
exchange. All SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders are urged to consult
their tax advisors to determine the specific information that
they may need to file pursuant to the Treasury regulations under
Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code.

Backup Withholding.

Backup withholding tax at a rate of
30% may apply to cash paid in the merger instead of fractional
shares to a SpeedFam-IPEC common shareholder. Backup withholding
will not apply, however, if the shareholder:

 

Furnishes a correct taxpayer identification
    number and certifies that he or she is not subject to backup
    withholding on Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, or an
    appropriate substitute form;

 

Provides a certificate of foreign status on
    Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, or an appropriate
    substitute form; or

 

Otherwise proves to Novellus and its exchange
    agent that the shareholder is exempt from backup withholding.

The Internal Revenue Service may impose a penalty
upon any taxpayer that fails to provide the correct taxpayer
identification number. Any amount withheld under the backup
withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against
the shareholders federal income tax liability provided
that the shareholder furnishes required information to the
Internal Revenue Service.

Reductions in backup withholding tax rates were
made pursuant to the enactment of the Economic Growth and Tax
Reconciliation Act of 2001 which provides, in general, that the
withholding rate of 30% for taxable years 2002 and 2003 is
reduced to 29% for taxable years 2004 and 2005, and 28% for the
taxable years 2006 and thereafter.

The foregoing discussion is not intended to be
a complete analysis or description of all potential United
States federal income tax consequences or any other consequences
of the merger. In addition, the discussion does not address tax
consequences which may vary with, or are contingent on, your
individual circumstances. Moreover, the discussion does not
address any non-income tax or any foreign, state or local tax
consequences of the merger. Accordingly, you are strongly urged
to consult with your tax advisor to determine the particular
United States federal, state, local or foreign income or other
tax consequences to you of the merger. The foregoing discussion
is not intended to be, and should not be considered as, tax
advice.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger.

Novellus will account for the merger using the
purchase method of accounting in accordance with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standard No. 141, Business
Combinations. As such, the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed of SpeedFam-IPEC will be recorded at their fair values
as of the date of the merger. Any excess of the purchase price
over the fair value of the net tangible assets and identifiable
intangible assets acquired will be recorded as goodwill. The
results of operations of SpeedFam-IPEC will be included in
Novellus results of operations from the date of the
closing of the merger.

Regulatory Filings and Approvals Required to
Complete the Merger.

The merger was subject to antitrust review under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, which
prevents reportable transactions from being completed until
statutory waiting periods expire or are terminated and under the
antitrust laws of Taiwan. Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC made the
required



filings with the United States Department of
Justice and the United States Federal Trade Commission under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and to the
Fair Trade Commission of the Republic of China. On
September 4, 2002, the United States Department of Justice
and the United States Federal Trade Commission granted Novellus
and SpeedFam-IPEC early termination of the waiting period for
such filings. On September 24, 2002, Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC received notification from the Fair Trade
Commission of the Republic of China that the commission would
not exercise jurisdiction over the merger. As of the date of
this filing, neither Novellus or SpeedFam-IPEC is aware of any
other required filings to be made with respect to foreign
antitrust regulatory laws. However, Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC
will make any other required filings with foreign antitrust
regulatory agencies or governmental entities prior to the
consummation of the merger. Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC intend to
comply with all requests for information from the United States
Department of Justice or the United States Federal Trade
Commission or any applicable foreign antitrust regulatory agency
or governmental entity.

During or after the statutory waiting periods,
and even after completion of the merger, either the Antitrust
Division of the United States Department of Justice or the
United States Federal Trade Commission could challenge or seek
to block the merger under the antitrust laws, as it deems
necessary or desirable in the public interest. Other foreign
competition agencies with jurisdiction over the merger could
also initiate action to challenge or block the merger. In
addition, a competitor, customer or other third party could
initiate a private action under the antitrust laws challenging
or seeking to enjoin the merger, before or after it is
completed. Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC cannot be sure that a
challenge to the merger will not be made or that, if a challenge
is made, Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC will prevail.

Restrictions on Sales of Shares by Affiliates
of SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus.

The shares of Novellus common stock to be issued
in connection with the merger will be registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and will be freely
transferable under the Securities Act, except for shares of
Novellus common stock issued to any person who is deemed to be
an affiliate of either Novellus or SpeedFam-IPEC at the time of
the SpeedFam-IPEC special meeting. Persons who may be deemed to
be affiliates include individuals or entities that control, are
controlled by, or are under common control of either Novellus or
SpeedFam-IPEC and include their officers and directors, as well
as some of their principal shareholders. SpeedFam-IPECs
affiliates may not sell their shares of Novellus common stock
acquired in connection with the merger except under:

 

An effective registration statement under the
    Securities Act covering the resale of those shares;

 

An exemption under paragraph (d) of
    Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

 

Any other applicable exemption under the
    Securities Act.

Novellus registration statement on
Form S-4, of which this proxy statement-prospectus forms a
part, does not cover the resale of shares of Novellus common
stock to be received by affiliates in the merger.

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of
Novellus common stock to be Issued in the Merger.

Under the reorganization agreement, Novellus
shall cause the shares of Novellus common stock to be issued in
the merger to be listed on the Nasdaq National Stock Market.

Appraisal Rights.

Under Illinois law, holders of SpeedFam-IPEC
shares who do not vote in favor of the merger and who follow the
procedures set forth under Illinois law may require the combined
company to pay in cash the fair value of his or her shares as
determined under Sections 11.65 and 11.70 of the Illinois
Business Corporation Act. We have attached the text of
Sections 11.65 and 11.70 of the Illinois Business
Corporation Act to this document as Annex C. In order to
exercise those statutory rights, strict compliance with these
statutory provisions is required. Each shareholder who may
desire to exercise those rights should carefully review and
adhere to those provisions.



A dissenting shareholder of SpeedFam-IPEC who
desires to pursue his or her rights to demand payment must:

 

Deliver a written demand for payment to
    SpeedFam-IPEC before the taking of the shareholders vote
    on the merger, demanding payment for his or her shares if the
    merger is approved and completed; and

 

Refrain from voting shares owned by him or her in
    favor of the merger.

The initial written objection of a dissenting
shareholder of SpeedFam-IPEC should be delivered to
SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc., 305 N. 54th Street, Chandler,
Arizona 85226 Attn: J. Michael Dodson, Secretary of
SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc. It is recommended that this objection be
sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested.

A dissenting SpeedFam-IPEC shareholder that
delivers the required written demand for payment with
SpeedFam-IPEC prior to the shareholder vote need not vote
against the merger, but a vote in favor of the merger will
constitute a waiver of that shareholders statutory
dissenters rights. SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders should note
that returning a properly signed proxy card that does not
indicate a vote or an abstention on approval of the merger will
constitute a vote in favor of the merger. A vote against the
merger does not, alone, constitute a demand for payment.

If the merger is approved by the SpeedFam-IPEC
shareholders, SpeedFam-IPEC will send to those shareholders
delivering written demands for payment a statement of its
estimate of the fair value of the SpeedFam-IPEC shares within
the later of (a) 10 days after the effective date of
the merger or (b) 30 days after such shareholder
delivers a written demand for payment to SpeedFam-IPEC.
Financial information about SpeedFam-IPEC required to be
provided under Section 11.70 of the Illinois Business
Corporation Act will accompany this statement. SpeedFam-IPEC
will also send such shareholders a commitment to pay for their
shares at their estimated fair value, plus accrued interest,
upon transmittal to SpeedFam-IPEC of the certificates
representing, or other evidence of ownership of, such shares. If
the merger occurs, SpeedFam-IPEC will pay to each dissenter who
transmits to SpeedFam-IPEC his or her certificate or other
evidence of ownership the amount SpeedFam-IPEC estimates to be
the fair value of such dissenters shares, plus accrued
interest, accompanied by a written explanation of how the
interest was calculated.

A shareholder who does not agree with
SpeedFam-IPECs estimate of fair value or the amount of
interest due must notify SpeedFam-IPEC in writing of the
shareholders estimate of the shares fair value and
the amount of interest due and demand payment for the difference
and the interest due within 30 days from the delivery of
SpeedFam-IPECs statement of its estimate of fair value.
Shareholders who fail to notify SpeedFam-IPEC of their estimate
of fair value or the amount of interest due within this period
will lose their rights to dispute the amounts estimated and
determined by SpeedFam-IPEC.

If a shareholder and SpeedFam-IPEC are unable to
agree on the fair value of the shares and accrued interest
within 60 days from delivery to SpeedFam-IPEC of the
shareholders estimate of fair value and accrued interest,
SpeedFam-IPEC will either pay the difference in value that the
shareholder demanded with interest or file a petition in the
Circuit Court of Cook County, State of Illinois, requesting the
court to determine the fair value of the shares and the interest
due. SpeedFam-IPEC will make all dissenters, whether or not
residents of Illinois, whose demands remain unsettled, parties
to any such proceeding and all parties will be served with a
copy of the petition. Shareholders who do not live in Illinois
may be served by registered or certified mail or by publication
as provided by law.

If the courts determination of fair value
and interest due exceeds the amount paid by SpeedFam-IPEC, then
each dissenting shareholder made a party to the proceeding is
entitled to judgment for the difference plus interest. The court
may appoint one or more persons as appraisers to receive
evidence and to determine the fair value. The court will
determine all costs of the proceeding, including the reasonable
compensation and expenses of the appraisers. Fees and expenses
of counsel and experts for any party are excluded. If the fair
value of the shares as determined by the court materially
exceeds the amount of SpeedFam-IPECs estimate, or if no
estimate was made, then all or any part of such expenses may be
assessed against SpeedFam-IPEC. However, if a shareholders
estimated fair value materially exceeds the fair value that the
court determines,



then all or any part of such expenses may be
assessed against the shareholder. Under certain circumstances,
the court may also assess the fees and expenses of counsel and
experts to a shareholder or to SpeedFam-IPEC.

Dividend Policy.

Neither SpeedFam-IPEC nor Novellus has ever paid
a cash dividend on its common stock since their respective
inceptions and neither anticipates paying any cash dividends on
its common stock in the foreseeable future.



THE REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT

The following describes certain aspects of the
proposed merger, including all material terms of the
reorganization agreement. The following description of the
reorganization agreement does not purport to be complete and is
subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the
reorganization agreement, which is attached as Annex A to
this proxy statement-prospectus and is incorporated in this
proxy statement-prospectus by reference. All Novellus
shareholders and SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders are urged to read
the reorganization agreement carefully and in its
entirety.

The Merger.

At the closing of the merger,
NHL Acquisition-Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Novellus, will merge with and into SpeedFam-IPEC. As a result of
the merger, SpeedFam-IPEC will become a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Novellus. The merger is expected to be accounted for as a
purchase transaction for accounting and financial reporting
purposes and is intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code for federal income tax purposes.

Closing and Effective Time of the
Merger.

The reorganization agreement provides that the
closing will take place as soon as practicable, but no later
than two business days, after the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions to the merger contained in the reorganization
agreement, unless some other time or date is agreed to by
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC. On the closing date, the parties
will file articles of merger executed in accordance with the
relevant provisions of Illinois and Delaware law.

Conversion of Securities.

Each share of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock issued
and outstanding immediately before the effective time of the
merger will automatically convert into the right to receive
0.1818 of a share of Novellus common stock. Novellus will not
issue any fractional shares. Instead of a fraction of a share
SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders will receive an amount of
cash, without interest, equal to the product of (x) such
fraction, multiplied by (y) the average closing price per
share of Novellus common stock as quoted on Nasdaq for the
20 trading days ending on the day which is two trading days
before the closing date of the merger, less any amount required
to be withheld under foreign, federal, state or local tax laws.

Representations and Warranties.

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC each made a number of
customary representations and warranties in the reorganization
agreement regarding aspects of their respective businesses,
financial condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the
merger.

Representations and Warranties of
SpeedFam-IPEC. 
The representations
given by SpeedFam-IPEC cover the following topics, among others,
as they relate to SpeedFam-IPEC and its subsidiaries:

 

Corporate organization and its qualification to
    do business;

 

Capital structure;

 

Authorization of the reorganization agreement;

 

That the transactions contemplated by the merger
    will not result in a violation of SpeedFam-IPECs
    organizational documents, laws or material contracts;

 

Material third party consents and regulatory
    approvals necessary to complete the merger;

 

Filings and reports with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission and financial statements;

 

The absence of material changes, events or
    effects;

 

The absence of undisclosed liabilities;



 

Litigation;

 

Governmental authorizations;

 

Title to personal properties and absence of liens;

 

Intellectual property;

 

Environmental matters and applicable
    environmental laws;

 

Taxes;

 

Employee benefit plans, employment agreements and
    other employee and labor matters;

 

Insurance;

 

Compliance with applicable laws;

 

Brokers and finders fees;

 

Required shareholder vote;

 

Board actions approving the reorganization
    agreement and recommendation of approval by shareholders;

 

Registration statement and proxy
    statement-prospectus;

 

Customers and suppliers;

 

Material contracts, breaches of material
    contracts and third party consents under material contracts;

 

Real property;

 

Tax matters; and

 

The opinion of SpeedFam-IPECs financial
    advisor.

Representations and Warranties of Novellus.

The representations given by
Novellus cover the following topics, among others, as they
relate to Novellus and its subsidiaries, including
NHL Acquisition-Sub, Inc.:

 

Corporate organization and its qualification to
    do business;

 

Capital structure;

 

Authorization of the reorganization agreement;

 

That the transactions contemplated by the merger
    will not result in a violation of Novellus organizational
    documents, laws or material contracts;

 

Material consents and regulatory approvals
    necessary to complete the merger;

 

Filings and reports with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission and financial statements;

 

Tax matters;

 

Absence of undisclosed liabilities;

 

Litigation;

 

Board actions approving the reorganization
    agreement and inapplicability of shareholder approval;

 

Registration statement and proxy
    statement-prospectus; and

 

The absence of material changes, events or
    effects.

The representations and warranties in the
reorganization agreement are complicated and not easily
summarized. You are urged to carefully read articles II and
III of the reorganization agreement entitled



Representations and Warranties of
SpeedFam-IPEC and Representations and Warranties of
Novellus and Merger Sub.

As used in the reorganization agreement, any
reference to any event, change, condition or effect being
material with respect to any entity or group of
entities means any material event, change, condition or effect
related to the condition (financial or otherwise), properties,
assets (including intangible assets), liabilities, business,
operations or results of operations of such entity and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole.

Any reference to a material adverse effect on
SpeedFam-IPEC means any change, event or effect that is
materially adverse to the condition (financial or otherwise),
properties, assets (including intangible assets), liabilities,
business, operations or results of operations of SpeedFam-IPEC
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that
none of the following shall be deemed in themselves, either
alone or in combination, to constitute, and none of the
following shall be taken into account in determining whether
there has been or will be, a material adverse effect on
SpeedFam-IPEC: (a) any change in the market price or
trading volume of SpeedFam-IPECs stock after
August 11, 2002; (b) any adverse change, effect,
event, occurrence, state of facts or development to the extent
attributable to the announcement or pendency of the merger
(including any cancellation of or delays in customer orders, any
reduction in sales, any disruption in supplier, distributor,
partner or similar relationships or any loss of employees);
(c) any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of
facts or development attributable to conditions affecting the
industries as a whole in which SpeedFam-IPEC participates, the
United States economy as a whole or the foreign economies as a
whole in any locations where SpeedFam-IPEC or any of its
subsidiaries has material operations or sales; (d) any
adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
development arising from or relating to compliance with the
terms of, or the taking of, any action required by, the
reorganization agreement; or (e) any litigation or other
proceeding brought or threatened against SpeedFam-IPEC, any of
its subsidiaries or any member of its board of directors
(i) by any shareholder, governmental entity or third-party
competitor of SpeedFam-IPEC in respect of the reorganization
agreement or the merger or (ii) by any third-party
competitor if it is reasonably likely that such litigation or
proceeding has been threatened or brought with the intended
purpose or effect of preventing, enjoining, materially altering
or delaying, or otherwise interfering with the merger.

SpeedFam-IPECs Conduct of Business
Before Completion of the Merger.

SpeedFam-IPEC has agreed until the earlier of the
completion of the merger or the termination of the
reorganization agreement, or unless Novellus consents in
writing, to carry on its business in the usual, regular and
ordinary course in substantially the same manner as before the
execution of the reorganization agreement. SpeedFam-IPEC has
further agreed to pay all debts and taxes when due, subject to
good faith disputes over such debts or taxes and the filing of
material tax returns, to pay or perform other obligations when
due, and to use all reasonable efforts consistent with past
practice and policies to preserve intact its present business
organizations, to keep available the services of its present
officers and key employees and to preserve its relationships
with customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees
and others having business dealings with it, to the end that its
goodwill and ongoing businesses will not be impaired at the
effective time of the merger, other than what would not have a
material adverse effect on SpeedFam-IPEC.

Additionally, SpeedFam-IPEC has agreed to
promptly notify Novellus of any event or occurrence not in the
ordinary course of its business, and of any event which could
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
SpeedFam-IPEC.

Restrictions on SpeedFam-IPECs
Conduct of its Business.

SpeedFam-IPEC also agreed that
until the earlier of the completion of the merger or the
termination of the reorganization agreement, or unless Novellus
consents in writing, SpeedFam-IPEC and its subsidiaries will not
do any of the following:

 

Modify their organizational documents;

 

Pay or authorize dividends or other distributions
    or repurchases or any stock splits or combinations;

 

Modify their stock option plans, including the
    vesting period or other rights of options granted under
    SpeedFam-IPECs stock option plans;



 

Modify the terms of their outstanding warrants
    and convertible notes;

 

Enter into or modify material contracts other
    than in the ordinary course of business;

 

Issue, sell or otherwise dispose of securities,
    except for (i) the issuance of shares of common stock upon
    exercise of outstanding stock options, (ii) the granting of
    not more than 200,000 additional options under their stock
    option plans following the date of the reorganization agreement
    and (iii) the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant
    to their employee stock purchase plan prior to the consummation
    of the merger;

 

Transfer its intellectual property or rights to
    its intellectual property, except with respect to transfers in
    the ordinary course of business;

 

Enter into or modify any agreement granting
    exclusive rights with respect to their products or technology;

 

Dispose of or encumber any property or assets
    which are material, except the sale of products in the ordinary
    course and the sale of assets associated with the Surface
    Technology Group and Industrial Applicants Group divisions;

 

Incur indebtedness, except as reasonably
    necessary for the operation of its business in a manner, and in
    amounts, consistent with past practices, or guarantee any such
    indebtedness or issue or sell any debt securities or guarantee
    any debt securities of others;

 

Enter into any material operating lease;

 

Pay or discharge, in an amount in excess of
    $100,000 in any one case or $500,000 in the aggregate, any
    claim, liability or obligation arising other than in the
    ordinary course of business, and other than the payment,
    discharge or satisfaction of liabilities reflected or reserved
    against in SpeedFam-IPECs financial statements;

 

Make any capital expenditures, capital additions
    or capital improvements except in the ordinary course of
    business, and notwithstanding the above, make any such
    expenditures, additions or improvements in excess of $250,000 in
    any one case;

 

Except in the ordinary course of business, commit
    to or incur any other expenses in an amount in excess of
    $250,000 in any one case, except for payment of legal,
    accounting and banking fees in connection with the
    reorganization agreement;

 

Materially reduce the amount of any insurance
    coverage provided by existing insurance policies;

 

Terminate or waive any right of any material or
    substantial value, except in the ordinary course of business;

 

Adopt or amend any employee benefit or stock
    plan, or hire any new director level or officer level employee,
    or increase the annual level of compensation of any employee, or
    grant any unusual or extraordinary bonuses, benefits or other
    direct or indirect compensation, except in the ordinary course
    of business and in amounts consistent with past practices;

 

Grant severance or termination pay except as
    provided for in outstanding written agreements, enter into
    employment or severance agreements or any amendment of existing
    employment arrangements or enter into new employment
    arrangements;

 

Commence a lawsuit other than (i) for the
    routine collection of bills, (ii) in such cases where it in
    good faith determines that failure to commence suit would result
    in the material impairment of a valuable aspect of its business,
    or (iii) for a breach of the reorganization agreement;

 

Acquire or merge with any other entities or
    interests in other entities or assets;

 

Other than in the ordinary course of business, or
    as required by GAAP, make or change any material election in
    respect of taxes, adopt or change any accounting method in
    respect of taxes, file any



material tax return or any amendment to a
    material tax return or settle a claim with respect to taxes, or
    consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period
    applicable to any claim or assessment in respect of taxes;

 

Revalue any of its assets, including without
    limitation writing down the value of inventory or writing off
    notes or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course
    of business;

 

Agree in writing or otherwise to do any of the
    above things; and

 

Take any actions which would make
    SpeedFam-IPECs representations and warranties materially
    untrue or prevent it from performing or cause it not to perform
    its covenants under the reorganization agreement.

The agreements in the reorganization agreement
related to the conduct of SpeedFam-IPECs business are
complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to
carefully read section 4.2 of the reorganization agreement
entitled Restriction on Conduct of Business of
SpeedFam-IPEC.

Restrictions On Other Negotiations Involving
SpeedFam-IPEC.

Until the merger is completed or the
reorganization agreement is terminated, SpeedFam-IPEC has agreed
that, subject to certain exceptions, neither it nor any of its
subsidiaries and the officers, directors, employees or other
agents of SpeedFam-IPEC and its subsidiaries will, directly or
indirectly:

 

Take any action to solicit, initiate or
    intentionally encourage any takeover proposal (as
    defined below); or

 

Take any action to solicit, intentionally
    facilitate, intentionally encourage or engage in negotiations or
    discussions with, or disclose any nonpublic information relating
    to SpeedFam-IPEC or any of it subsidiaries to, or afford access
    to the properties, books or records of SpeedFam-IPEC any of its
    subsidiaries to, any person that has advised SpeedFam-IPEC in
    writing that it intends to make, or that has made, a takeover
    proposal.

However, SpeedFam-IPEC may furnish information
regarding SpeedFam-IPEC to, or take other actions consistent
with the fiduciary obligations of its board of directors, or
enter into and engage in discussions with, any person or group
in response to an unsolicited written takeover proposal, or an
unsolicited written expression of interest that can reasonably
be expected to lead to a takeover proposal, if:

 

None of SpeedFam-IPEC, its subsidiaries, and
    their respective officers, directors, employees or other agents
    and representatives have violated in any material respect any of
    the no solicitation restrictions in the reorganization agreement;

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors believes
    in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisors)
    that such takeover proposal would, if consummated, result in a
    superior proposal, (as defined below); and

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors
    determines in good faith (after consultation with outside legal
    counsel) that failure to take action with respect to such
    superior proposal would be inconsistent with the fiduciary
    duties of the SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors to the
    SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders under applicable law.

In addition, SpeedFam-IPEC is permitted to comply
with Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 with regard to a takeover proposal.

Further, SpeedFam-IPEC and its officers,
directors, employees, investment bankers, financial advisors,
attorneys, accountants and other representatives retained by it
may furnish in connection with a superior proposal information
and take such other actions with respect to such superior
proposal as are consistent with



the fiduciary obligations of SpeedFam-IPECs
board of directors, only if, in each such event, SpeedFam-IPEC:

 

Notifies Novellus in writing of the determination
    by SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors that failure to take
    action with respect to such superior proposal would be
    inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the
    SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors to the
    SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders under applicable law;

 

Provides Novellus with a summary of the superior
    proposal received from such third party so long as such
    disclosure does not cause the breach of any non-disclosure or
    confidentiality agreements of SpeedFam-IPEC outstanding as of
    August 11, 2002; and

 

Informs Novellus generally of all documents
    containing or referring to non-public information of
    SpeedFam-IPEC that are supplied to such third party so long as
    such disclosure does not cause the breach of any non-disclosure
    or confidentiality agreements of SpeedFam-IPEC outstanding as of
    August 11, 2002.

SpeedFam-IPEC has also agreed to advise Novellus
promptly after receipt, but in no event later than 24 hours
from such receipt, of any takeover proposal or any notice that
any person is considering making a takeover proposal or any
request for non-public information relating to SpeedFam-IPEC or
any of its subsidiaries or for access to the properties, books
or records of SpeedFam-IPEC or any of its subsidiaries by any
person that has advised SpeedFam-IPEC that it may be considering
making, or that has made, a takeover proposal and SpeedFam-IPEC
has agreed to keep Novellus fully informed of the status of any
such takeover proposal notice or request and to provide Novellus
with a true summary of such takeover proposal notice or request.

In addition, neither SpeedFam-IPEC nor its
representatives may take any action with respect to a superior
proposal unless:

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors has
    determined, after consultation with SpeedFam-IPECs
    investment bankers, that the third party making such superior
    proposal is actually capable of making the superior proposal
    upon satisfactory completion of such third partys review
    of the information supplied by SpeedFam-IPEC; and

 

SpeedFam-IPEC provides such non-public
    information to such third party pursuant to a non-disclosure or
    confidentiality agreement at least as restrictive as the one
    entered into between SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus in connection
    with the merger.

Additionally SpeedFam-IPEC cannot, and has agreed
not to permit any of its officers, directors, employees or other
representatives to agree to or intentionally endorse any
takeover proposal, including any superior proposal) unless
Novellus or SpeedFam-IPEC first terminates the reorganization
agreement and SpeedFam-IPEC pays to Novellus all termination
fees payable to Novellus under the reorganization agreement.

A takeover proposal means any offer
or proposal for, or any indication of interest in (whether
written or oral), a merger or other business combination
involving SpeedFam-IPEC or any of its subsidiaries or the
acquisition of any significant equity interest (30%) in, or a
significant portion of the assets (30% or more on a consolidated
basis) of, SpeedFam-IPEC or any of its subsidiaries, other than
the transactions contemplated by the reorganization agreement.

A superior proposal means any
takeover proposal which the board of directors of SpeedFam-IPEC
determines in good faith (after consultation with its financial
advisors) would, if consummated, result in a transaction more
favorable to SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders than the
transaction contemplated by the reorganization agreement.

The agreements in the reorganization agreement
related to SpeedFam-IPECs ability to discuss or accept
alternative or superior proposals are extremely complicated and
not easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read
section 4.3 of the reorganization agreement entitled
No Solicitation.



Recommendation of the Board of
Directors.

SpeedFam-IPEC has agreed to include in this proxy
statement-prospectus the recommendation of its board of
directors to its shareholders concerning the adoption of the
reorganization agreement. Notwithstanding this agreement,
SpeedFam-IPEC may withdraw or modify or fail to make its
recommendation of the merger following the making of a superior
proposal, if:

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors believes
    in good faith that a superior proposal has been made; and

 

Following consultation with outside legal
    counsel, SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors determines that
    the inclusion of such recommendation or the failure to withdraw
    such recommendation would be inconsistent with the fiduciary
    duties of SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors to the
    shareholders of SpeedFam-IPEC under applicable laws.

SpeedFam-IPECs Employee Benefit
Plans.

Individuals who are employed by SpeedFam-IPEC at
the time the merger is completed will continue to be employees
of either SpeedFam-IPEC as the surviving corporation in the
merger or Novellus. Novellus has agreed to provide benefits to
employees of the surviving corporation of the merger and/or of
Novellus, including the right to participate in Novellus
401(k) Plan, which in the aggregate are no less favorable than
those provided from time to time by Novellus and its
subsidiaries to their respective similarly situated employees.
Individuals who are employed by the surviving corporation or
Novellus after the merger is completed will be permitted to
participate in Novellus employee stock purchase plan
beginning on the first enrollment date following the effective
time of the merger and subject to compliance with the
eligibility provisions of such plan.

Treatment of SpeedFam-IPEC Stock
Options.

Novellus will assume SpeedFam-IPECs 1991
Employee Incentive Stock Option Plan, as amended, IPEC 1992
Stock Option Plan, as amended, 1995 Stock Option Plan for
Employees and Directors, as amended, 2001 Nonstatutory Stock
Option Plan and a Non-Plan Stand Alone Stock Option Agreement
between SpeedFam-IPEC and Peter Simone and all options granted
under such plans in the merger. Upon completion of the merger,
each outstanding option award will be assumed by Novellus, and
will be exercisable on the same terms and conditions as under
the applicable SpeedFam-IPEC stock option plans, with
adjustments described below. Each outstanding option to purchase
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock will be converted, in accordance with
its terms, into an option to purchase that whole number of
shares of Novellus common stock, rounded down to the nearest
whole share, equal to 0.1818 times the number of shares of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock subject to the outstanding option.
The exercise price will equal the exercise price per share of
SpeedFam-IPEC common stock subject to the option before
conversion divided by 0.1818, rounded up to the nearest tenth of
a cent.

Novellus will file a registration statement on
Form S-8 for the shares of Novellus common stock issuable
with respect to options under the SpeedFam-IPEC stock option
plans and will use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the
effectiveness of that registration statement for as long as any
of the options remain outstanding.

Treatment of SpeedFam-IPEC Warrants.

Novellus will assume the outstanding warrants to
purchase 338,210 shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock, which
currently have an exercise price of $34.61 per share. The
warrants to purchase shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock will
be converted, in accordance with the provisions of such
warrants, into warrants to purchase that whole number of shares
of Novellus common stock, rounded down to the nearest whole
share, equal to that number of shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common
stock subject to the outstanding warrants multiplied by a
fraction the numerator of which is the closing price of
SpeedFam-IPECs common stock on the last trading day prior
to the closing date of the merger and the denominator of which
is the closing price of Novellus common stock on the last
trading day prior to the closing date of the merger. The exercise



price of the warrants will equal the exercise
price per share of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock subject to the
warrants before conversion divided by a fraction the numerator
of which is the closing price of SpeedFam-IPECs common
stock on the last trading day prior to the closing date of the
merger and the denominator of which is the closing price of
Novellus common stock on the last trading day prior to the
closing date of the merger, rounded up to the nearest tenth of a
cent. Pursuant to the terms of the warrants, the holders of the
warrants may elect to exercise the warrants immediately prior to
the closing of merger if the holder gives SpeedFam-IPEC a
written notice of its intent to exercise at least five business
days prior to the closing of the merger.

Treatment of SpeedFam-IPEC Convertible
Notes.

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC have agreed to enter
into a supplemental indenture for the convertible notes issued
by SpeedFam-IPEC under the indenture between IPEC and State
Street Bank and Trust Company of California, N.A., as trustee,
dated as of September 15, 1997, as amended by that certain
First Supplemental Indenture by and among SpeedFam-IPEC, IPEC
and State Street Bank and Trust Company of California, N.A., as
Trustee, dated April 6, 1999, whereby Novellus will assume
the obligation and liabilities of SpeedFam-IPEC with respect to
the convertible notes, with adjustments described below. The
convertible notes will be convertible, in accordance with their
terms, into that whole number of shares of Novellus common
stock, rounded down to the nearest whole share, equal to 0.1818
times the number of shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock subject
to the outstanding convertible notes. The conversion price will
equal the conversion price per share of SpeedFam-IPEC common
stock subject to the convertible notes before conversion divided
by 0.1818, rounded up to the nearest tenth of a cent.

Indemnification and Directors and Officers
Insurance.

Novellus has agreed to, following the merger,
indemnify each current and former director and officer of
SpeedFam-IPEC or any of its subsidiaries to the extent provided
in SpeedFam-IPECs current articles of incorporation,
bylaws or existing indemnification agreements, Novellus has also
agreed, for a period of six years after the effective time of
the merger to provide officers and directors
liability insurance for acts and omissions occurring on or prior
to the effective time of the merger, and to pay all expenses,
including reasonable attorneys fees, that may be incurred
by any indemnified party in enforcing the indemnity and other
obligations provided for in the reorganization agreement to the
extent that the indemnified party is determined to be entitled
to indemnification under the reorganization agreement. See
Interests of Directors and Executive Officers of
SpeedFam-IPEC in the Merger  Indemnification and
Directors and Officers Insurance on page 68.

Consents and Antitrust Filings.

Each of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC have agreed to:

 

Use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all
    consents and approvals required to be obtained by each for the
    consummation of the merger, including those required under the
    Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, and to
    resolve objections, if any, that may be asserted by any
    governmental entity;

 

Use best efforts to obtain all necessary
    consents, waivers and approvals under any material contracts in
    connection with the merger for the assignment of the contract;

 

Consult and cooperate with one another, and
    consider in good faith the views of one another, in connection
    with any analyses, appearances, presentations, memoranda,
    briefs, arguments, opinions and proposals made or submitted by
    or on behalf of any party hereto in connection with proceedings
    under or relating to HSR or any other federal or state antitrust
    or fair trade law;

 

Cooperate and use all commercially reasonable
    efforts vigorously to contest and resist any action or
    proceeding and to have vacated or overturned any decree,
    judgment, injunction or other order that is in



effect and that prohibits or restricts
    consummation of the merger, unless both parties agree that
    litigation is not in their respective best interests;

 

Take all appropriate action and do all things
    necessary, proper or advisable under applicable law or otherwise
    to complete the merger;

 

Obtain from governmental entities any consents,
    licenses, permits, waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders
    required to be obtained or made in connection with the
    reorganization agreement and the merger; and

 

Make all necessary filings and submissions
    required under applicable federal or state securities laws, the
    Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and any
    other antitrust regulations and any other applicable law.

Conditions to Completion of the
Merger.

Conditions to Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPECs Obligations to Complete the
Merger.
 Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPECs obligations to complete the merger are
subject to certain conditions. The conditions that must be
satisfied or, in the case of legal opinions, waived, before the
completion of the merger include the following:

 

The registration statement on Form S-4, of
    which this proxy statement-prospectus forms a part, must become
    effective, no stop order may be issued and no proceedings for
    suspension of its effectiveness may be initiated by the SEC;

 

The reorganization agreement must be adopted by
    the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
    outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock;

 

No law, rule, regulation, judgment, decree,
    injunction, executive order or award may have been enacted or
    issued or be effective which has the effect of making the merger
    illegal or otherwise prohibiting completion of the merger;

 

The waiting period, and any extensions,
    applicable to the completion of the merger under the
    Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 or under
    any other foreign antitrust or combination law and any material
    filing, comment, approval or authorization legally required must
    either have expired, been terminated or obtained; and

 

Legal opinions regarding the treatment of the
    merger as a tax-free reorganization must be received by Novellus
    and SpeedFam-IPEC; although this condition may be waived by the
    parties, the vote of the shareholders of SpeedFam-IPEC would be
    required to be resolicited should the federal income tax
    consequences to them be determined to be materially different
    from those described in this proxy statement-prospectus.

Conditions to SpeedFam-IPECs
Obligation to Complete the Merger.

SpeedFam-IPECs obligations to complete the merger are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following
additional conditions before completion of the merger:

 

Novellus representations and warranties
    must be materially true and correct, except where the failure to
    be so true and correct has not had and would not reasonably be
    expected to have a material adverse effect on Novellus; and

 

Novellus must have performed or complied in all
    material respects with all of its agreements and covenants to be
    performed or complied with by Novellus at or before completion
    of the merger.



Conditions to Novellus Obligation to
Complete the Merger.

Novellus obligations to complete the merger are subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional
conditions before completion of the merger:

 

SpeedFam-IPECs representations and
    warranties must be materially true and correct, except where the
    failure to be so true and correct has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
    SpeedFam-IPEC;

 

SpeedFam-IPEC must have performed or complied in
    all material respects with all of its agreements and covenants,
    including its covenant to use commercially reasonable efforts to
    obtain material consents to the merger, to be performed or
    complied with by SpeedFam-IPEC at or before completion of the
    merger;

 

SpeedFam-IPEC shall not have incurred any
    expenses, costs or other fees in excess of specified amounts set
    forth in the reorganization agreement; and

 

Holders of no more than 10% of the outstanding
    shares of SpeedFam-IPEC have either elected to exercise their
    rights to dissent from the merger or shall be otherwise entitled
    to exercise their rights to dissent from this merger.

The agreements in the reorganization agreement
related to Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs obligations
to complete the merger are complicated and not easily
summarized. You are urged to carefully read Article VI of
the reorganization agreement and sections 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3
thereunder entitled Conditions to Obligations of Each
Party to Effect the Merger; Additional Conditions to
Obligations of Company, and Additional Conditions to
Obligations of Parent, respectively.

Termination of the Reorganization
Agreement.

Termination of Reorganization Agreement by
Novellus or SpeedFam-IPEC.
 The
reorganization agreement may be terminated by either Novellus or
SpeedFam-IPEC:

 

By mutual written consent of Novellus and
    SpeedFam-IPEC;

 

If the merger is not completed before
    February 11, 2003, which date may be extended by the mutual
    consent of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC;

 

If there is any permanent injunction or other
    order of a court or other authority preventing the consummation
    of the merger shall which has become final and nonappealable; or

 

If SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders do not adopt
    the reorganization agreement at the SpeedFam-IPEC special
    meeting.

Termination of Reorganization Agreement by
Novellus.
 In addition, Novellus
may terminate the reorganization agreement if:

 

SpeedFam-IPEC materially breaches any
    representation, warranty, obligation or agreement under the
    reorganization agreement (other than a breach of the no
    solicitation restrictions of the reorganization agreement and
    other than a breach which has not had, and would not reasonably
    be expected to result in, a material adverse effect on
    SpeedFam-IPEC) and the breach is not cured within
    20 business days of written notice of the breach;

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors withdraws
    or modifies its recommendation of the merger in a manner adverse
    to Novellus or recommends, endorses, accepts or agrees to a
    takeover proposal or resolves to do any of the foregoing;

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors publicly
    announces that it has rejected a takeover proposal, but fails to
    give Novellus a written reaffirmation of its recommendation of
    the merger within five business days following Novellus
    request for such a reaffirmation;



 

A person unaffiliated with Novellus starts a
    tender or exchange offer for 30% or more of the outstanding
    shares of SpeedFam-IPEC, and SpeedFam-IPECs board of
    directors (i) recommends that its shareholders tender their
    shares or (ii) fails to recommend against acceptance of
    such offer or takes no position with respect to the acceptance
    of such offer and in either case, fails to deliver to Novellus a
    written reaffirmation of its recommendation of the merger within
    five business days following Novellus request for such a
    reaffirmation;

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors fails to
    call and hold a shareholders meeting by December 31, 2002;
    or

 

SpeedFam-IPEC or any of its subsidiaries or their
    respective officers, directors, employees or representatives
    willfully breach or violate the no solicitation restrictions of
    the reorganization agreement.

Termination of Reorganization Agreement by
SpeedFam-IPEC. 
Furthermore,
SpeedFam-IPEC may terminate the reorganization agreement if:

 

Novellus materially breaches any representation,
    warranty, obligation or agreement under the reorganization
    agreement (other than a breach which has not had, and would not
    reasonably be expected to result in, a material adverse effect
    on Novellus) and the breach is not cured within 20 business
    days of written notice of the breach; or

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors
    recommends, endorses, accepts or agrees to an alternative
    transaction which is superior to the merger or resolves to
    recommend, endorse, accept or agree to such superior transaction.

The agreements in the reorganization agreement
related to Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs ability to
terminate the reorganization agreement are complicated and not
easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read
sections 7.1 and 7.2 of the reorganization agreement
entitled Termination and Effect of
Termination.

Expenses; Payment of Termination
Fees.

Expenses.

Except as described below, each
party has agreed to pay all expenses it incurs in connection
with the merger, whether or not the transaction is completed.

Payment of Termination Fees.

SpeedFam-IPEC must pay Novellus a
termination fee equal to $5 million upon the termination of
the reorganization agreement and the occurrence of the following
events:

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors withdraws
    or modifies its recommendation of the merger in a manner adverse
    to Novellus or recommends, endorses, accepts or agrees to an
    alternative transaction meeting the requirements set forth in
    the reorganization agreement or resolves to do any of the
    foregoing;

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors publicly
    announces that it has rejected a takeover proposal, but fails to
    give Novellus a written reaffirmation of its recommendation of
    the merger within five business days following Novellus
    request for such a reaffirmation;

 

A person unaffiliated with Novellus starts a
    tender or exchange offer for 30% or more of the outstanding
    shares of SpeedFam-IPEC, and SpeedFam-IPECs board of
    directors (i) recommends that its shareholders tender their
    shares or (ii) fails to recommend against acceptance of
    such offer or takes no position with respect to the acceptance
    of such offer and, in either case, fails to deliver to Novellus
    a written reaffirmation of its recommendation of the merger
    within five business days following Novellus request for
    such a reaffirmation;

 

SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors
    recommends, endorses, accepts or agrees to an alternative
    transaction which is superior to the merger or resolves to
    recommend, endorse, accept or agree to such superior
    transaction; or



 

SpeedFam-IPECs shareholders fail to approve
    the merger after a takeover proposal has been made, and within
    six months of termination of the reorganization agreement
    SpeedFam-IPEC enters into a term sheet, letter of intent or
    definitive agreement with respect to a transaction associated
    with a takeover proposal.

Alternatively, SpeedFam-IPEC must pay a
termination fee of $2.5 million upon the termination of the
reorganization agreement if SpeedFam-IPEC or any of its
subsidiaries or their respective officers, directors, employees
or representatives willfully breaches or violates the no
solicitation restrictions of the reorganization agreement.

Additionally, SpeedFam-IPEC must promptly
reimburse Novellus for all of the actual, documented, reasonable
out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Novellus in
connection with the reorganization agreement (including, without
limitation, the fees and expenses of its outside advisors,
outside accountants and outside legal counsel) if the
reorganization agreement is terminated by Novellus because
SpeedFam-IPEC materially breaches any representation, warranty,
obligation or agreement under the reorganization agreement
(other than a breach of the no solicitation restrictions or a
breach which has not had, and would not reasonably be expected
to result in, a material adverse effect on SpeedFam-IPEC) and
the breach is not cured within 20 business days of written
notice of the breach.

Novellus must promptly reimburse SpeedFam-IPEC
for all of the actual, documented, reasonable out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred by SpeedFam-IPEC in connection with
the reorganization agreement (including, without limitation, the
fees and expenses of its outside advisors, outside accountants
and outside legal counsel) if the reorganization agreement is
terminated by SpeedFam-IPEC because Novellus materially breaches
any representation, warranty, obligation or agreement under the
reorganization agreement (other than a breach which has not had,
and would not reasonably be expected to result in, a material
adverse effect on Novellus) and the breach is not cured within
20 business days of written notice of the breach.

The agreements in the reorganization agreement
related to Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs obligations
to pay expenses and termination fees are complicated and not
easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read
section 7.3 of the reorganization agreement entitled
Expenses and Termination Fees.

Extension, Waiver and Amendment.

SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus may amend the
reorganization agreement at any time prior to the closing of the
merger. However, after the adoption of the reorganization
agreement by the SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders, SpeedFam-IPEC and
Novellus may not amend the reorganization agreement if the
amendment would alter or change the amount or kind of
consideration to be received on conversion of
SpeedFam-IPECs stock, alter or change any term of the
Articles of Incorporation of the surviving corporation to be
effected by the merger, or alter or change any of the terms and
conditions of the reorganization agreement, if such alteration
or change would materially adversely affect the holders of
SpeedFam-IPEC stock.

At any time prior to the closing of the merger,
SpeedFam-IPEC or Novellus may extend the time for performance of
any obligation or other act of the other party, waive any
inaccuracy in the representations and warranties in the
reorganization agreement or waive compliance by the other party
with any agreement or condition contained in the reorganization
agreement.

Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Novellus
Stock.

Under the reorganization agreement, Novellus will
be entitled to place appropriate legends on the certificates
evidencing any Novellus common stock to be received by
affiliates of SpeedFam-IPEC. In addition, affiliates of
SpeedFam-IPEC have also acknowledged the resale restrictions
imposed by Rule 145 under the Securities Act on shares of
Novellus common stock to be received by them in the merger.

All shares of Novellus common stock received by
you in connection with the merger will be freely transferable
unless you are considered an affiliate of either Novellus or
SpeedFam-IPEC under the federal securities laws. Shares of
Novellus common stock held by affiliates of Novellus may only be
sold pursuant to a



registration statement or exemption under the
Securities Act, or as permitted under the rules of the
Securities Act.

Operations After the Merger.

Following the merger, SpeedFam-IPEC will continue
its operations as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Novellus for a
period of time determined by Novellus. Some officers of Novellus
may serve as officers of SpeedFam-IPEC. The executives of
SpeedFam-IPEC will assume the roles and positions with either
the surviving corporation or Novellus described under
Interests of Directors and Executive Officers of
SpeedFam-IPEC in the Merger beginning on page 67. The
shareholders of SpeedFam-IPEC will become shareholders of
Novellus, and their rights as shareholders of Novellus will be
governed by the Novellus articles of incorporation, as currently
in effect, the Novellus bylaws and the laws of the State of
California. See Comparison of Rights of Holders of
SpeedFam-IPEC Common Stock and Novellus Common Stock
beginning on page 89 below.



COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF
SPEEDFAM-IPEC COMMON STOCK AND

NOVELLUS COMMON STOCK

The following discussion of certain
similarities and material differences between the rights of
SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders and the rights of Novellus
shareholders under Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs
respective articles of incorporation and bylaws is only a
summary of certain provisions and does not purport to be a
complete description of the similarities and differences, and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the California
Corporations Code and the Illinois Business Corporation Act, the
common law thereunder and the full text of the articles of
incorporation and bylaws of each of Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC.
While Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC believe that the description
covers the material differences between the two, this summary
may not contain all of the information that is important to you.
You should carefully read this entire document and the other
documents referred to for a more complete understanding of the
differences between being a shareholder of SpeedFam-IPEC and
being a shareholder of Novellus. When reading this description,
please note that both California and Illinois law refers to
holders of common stock as shareholders.

As a shareholder of SpeedFam-IPEC, your rights
are governed by SpeedFam-IPECs articles of incorporation,
as amended, as currently in effect, and SpeedFam-IPECs
amended and restated bylaws. After completion of the merger, you
will become a shareholder of Novellus. As a Novellus
shareholder, your rights will be governed by Novellus
articles of incorporation and Novellus bylaws. In
addition, Novellus is incorporated in California while
SpeedFam-IPEC is incorporated in Illinois. Although the rights
and privileges of shareholders of a Illinois corporation are in
many instances comparable to those of shareholders of a
California corporation, there are also differences.

Director Nominations and Shareholder
Proposals.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

The SpeedFam-IPEC bylaws provide
that shareholders may propose business to be brought before an
annual meeting of shareholders or nominate directors for
election at an annual meeting of shareholders only if the
shareholders provide timely notice to SpeedFam-IPEC. In order to
be timely, notice of a shareholder proposal or nomination must
be delivered to the secretary of SpeedFam-IPEC not less than
120 days in advance of the first anniversary of the
preceding years annual meeting of shareholders; provided,
however, that if (i) no annual meeting was held in the
previous year or (ii) the date of the annual meeting has
been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the
previous years annual meeting, then notice of a
shareholder proposal or nomination will be timely if it is
received by the secretary of SpeedFam-IPEC not later than the
close of business on the later of (A) 120 days in
advance of the date of such annual meeting or
(B) 10 days following the date on which the date of
such annual meeting is publicly announced.

Novellus. 
The
Novellus bylaws provide that shareholders may propose business
to be brought before a meeting of shareholders or nominate
directors only if they provide notice to Novellus not less than
60 days nor more than 75 days prior to the date on which
Novellus mails its proxy materials for the current years
annual meeting of its shareholders.

Amendment to Governing Documents.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Generally, under Illinois law,
amendments to a corporations articles of incorporation
(other than amendments relating to certain immaterial procedural
matters) require the recommendation of the board of directors
and the approval of shareholders holding two-thirds of the
voting power of the corporation, except in cases where class
voting is required, in which case, approval of two-thirds of the
voting power of each such class is required. Under Illinois law,
the holders of the outstanding shares of a class of securities
are entitled to vote separately as a class if a proposed
amendment to the articles of incorporation would:

 

Increase or decrease the aggregate number of
    authorized shares of such class;

 

Effect an exchange, reclassification, or
    cancellation of all or part of the shares of such class;

 

Change the designations, preferences,
    qualifications, limitations, restrictions, or special or
    relative rights of the shares of such class;



 

In the case of a preferred or special class of
    shares, divide the shares of such class into series and fix or
    authorize the board of directors to fix the variations in the
    relative rights and preferences between the shares of such
    series;

 

Change the shares of such class into the same or
    a different number of shares of the same class or another class
    or classes;

 

Create a right of exchange of all or any part of
    the shares of another class into the shares of such class;

 

Create a new class of shares having rights and
    preferences prior, superior or substantially equal to those of
    the shares of such class, or increase the rights and preferences
    of any class having rights and preferences prior, superior or
    substantially equal to those of the shares of such class, or
    increase the rights and preferences of any class having rights
    and preferences subordinate to those of such class if such
    increase would then make the rights and preferences
    substantially equal to or superior to those of such class;

 

Limit or deny the existing preemptive rights of
    the shares of such class;

 

Cancel or otherwise affect dividends on the
    shares of such class which had accumulated but had not been
    declared; or

 

Limit or deny the voting rights of the shares of
    such class.

In the event that a class of outstanding shares
is divided into series, and a proposed amendment to the articles
of incorporation would affect one or more but not all of such
series in one or more of the ways specified above, then the
holders of the outstanding shares of such class will not be
entitled to vote as a class upon such proposed amendment.
Instead, the holders of outstanding shares of each series to be
affected by the proposed amendment in one or more of the ways
specified above are entitled to vote separately as a class on
such proposed amendment.

Illinois law permits a corporation, through a
provision in its articles of incorporation, to supersede the
two-thirds voting requirement and specify a larger or smaller
vote requirement for approval of amendments to its articles of
incorporation. If a corporation specifies a smaller vote
requirement, it may not be less than a majority of the votes of
the shares entitled to vote on an amendment and not less than a
majority of the votes of the shares of each class entitled to
vote separately as a class on such amendment. The SpeedFam-IPEC
articles of incorporation provide that an amendment to the
articles of incorporation shall only require the approval of
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote
on such amendment, and a majority of the holders of each class
or series of shares entitled to vote as a class on such
amendment. This provision of the SpeedFam-IPEC articles of
incorporation supersedes the two-thirds voting requirement for
articles of incorporation amendments generally applicable to
Illinois corporations.

Illinois law provides that both the board of
directors and shareholders have the power to make, alter, amend
or repeal bylaws of a corporation, unless such power is reserved
to shareholders in the articles of incorporation; however,
Illinois law also provides that if adopted by shareholders, a
specific bylaw may not be altered, amended or repealed by the
board of directors if the bylaws so provide. The SpeedFam-IPEC
articles of incorporation do not contain a provision that
reserves to shareholders the power to make, alter, amend or
repeal bylaws. The SpeedFam-IPEC bylaws provide that the bylaws
may be altered, amended or repealed, and new bylaws may be
adopted, by either the shareholders or the board of directors.

Novellus.

Unless otherwise specified in a
California corporations articles of incorporation, an
amendment to the articles of incorporation requires the approval
of the corporations board of directors and the affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote
thereon, either before or after the board approval, although
certain minor amendments may be adopted by the board alone such
as amendments causing stock splits (including an increase in the
authorized number of shares in proportion thereto) and
amendments changing names and addresses given in the articles.
The Novellus articles of incorporation do not require a greater
level of approval for an amendment thereto. Under California
law, the holders of the



outstanding shares of a class of stock are
entitled to vote as a class if a proposed amendment to the
articles of incorporation would:

 

Increase or decrease the aggregate number of
    authorized shares of such class;

 

Effect an exchange, reclassification or
    cancellation of all or part of the shares of such class, other
    than a stock split;

 

Effect an exchange, or create a right of
    exchange, of all or part of the shares of another class into the
    shares of such class;

 

Change the rights, preferences, privileges or
    restrictions of the shares of such class;

 

Create a new class of shares having rights,
    preferences or privileges prior to the shares of such class, or
    increase the rights, preferences or privileges or the number of
    authorized shares having rights, preference or privileges prior
    to the shares of such class;

 

In the case of preferred shares, divide the
    shares of any class into series having different rights,
    preferences, privileges or restrictions or authorize the board
    of directors to do so; or

 

Cancel or otherwise affect dividends on the
    shares of such class which have accrued but have not been paid.

Under California law, a corporations bylaws
may be adopted, amended or repealed either by the board of
directors or the shareholders of the corporation. The Novellus
bylaws provide that the Novellus bylaws may be adopted, amended
or repealed either by the vote of the holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares entitled to vote or by the board of
directors; provided, however, that the Novellus board of
directors may not amend the Novellus bylaws in order to change
the provisions regarding adoption, amendment or repeal of the
Novellus bylaws or to change the authorized number of directors
(except to alter the authorized number of directors within the
existing range of a minimum of four and a maximum of seven
directors).

Mergers and Other Major
Transactions.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Under the Illinois Law, approval
of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to vote thereon
(unless any class or series is entitled to vote thereon, in
which case the additional approval of at least two-thirds of the
votes of such class or series) is required for mergers (other
than certain so-called parent-subsidiary mergers),
consolidations, share exchanges and sales, leases, exchanges or
other dispositions of all or substantially all of the property
and assets (outside of the ordinary course of business), with or
without goodwill, of a corporation, unless the articles of
incorporation specify a different approval threshold (not to be
reduced below a majority of the votes entitled to vote thereon).
The SpeedFam-IPEC articles of incorporation provide that a
merger, consolidation, share exchange, or sale, lease, exchange
or other disposition of all or substantially all of the property
or assets of SpeedFam-IPEC shall only require the approval of
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote
on such matter (and a majority of the holders of each class or
series of shares entitled to vote as a class on such matter).
This provision of the SpeedFam-IPEC articles of incorporation
supersedes the two-thirds voting requirement for specified major
corporate transactions generally applicable to Illinois
corporations.

Novellus.

Under the California Law, approval
of at least a majority of the votes entitled to vote thereon
(unless any class or series is entitled to vote thereon, in
which case the additional approval of at least a majority of the
votes of such class or series) is required for mergers (other
than certain so-called parent-subsidiary mergers),
consolidations, share exchanges and sales, leases, exchanges or
other dispositions of all or substantially all of the property
and assets (outside of the ordinary course of business), with or
without goodwill, of a corporation, unless the articles of
incorporation specify a different approval threshold (not to be
reduced below a majority of the votes entitled to vote thereon).



Cumulative Voting.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law generally provides
that shareholders have the right to vote cumulatively in all
elections for directors. However, Illinois law permits a
corporation to limit or eliminate cumulative voting rights in
all or specified circumstances by a provision in its articles of
incorporation. SpeedFam-IPEC has expressly eliminated the right
of its shareholders to vote cumulatively in elections for
directors.

Novellus.

Under the cumulative voting
provisions in Novellus bylaws, each shareholder may
cumulate such shareholders votes and give one candidate a
number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected
multiplied by the number of votes to which such
shareholders shares are entitled, or such shareholder may
distribute his or her votes among as many candidates as the
shareholder sees fit. However, cumulative voting will not be
available to Novellus shareholders unless, at a meeting of
shareholders, at least one shareholder has given written notice
of his intention to cumulate votes prior to the voting, and will
apply only to those candidates whose names have been placed in
nomination prior to the voting.

Appraisal Rights.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law provides shareholders
the right to dissent from, and obtain payment of the fair value
of their respective shares in connection with, any of the
following corporate actions:

 

Consummation of a plan of merger or consolidation
    or a plan of share exchange to which the corporation is a party;

 

Consummation of a sale, lease or exchange of all,
    or substantially all, of the property and assets of the
    corporation other than in the usual and regular course of
    business;

 

Certain amendments of the articles of
    incorporation that materially and adversely affects rights with
    respect to shares of a dissenting shareholder; and

 

Any other action taken pursuant to a shareholder
    vote if the articles of incorporation, bylaws, or a resolution
    of the board of directors provide that shareholders are entitled
    to dissent and obtain payment for their shares in connection
    with such action.

Neither the SpeedFam-IPEC articles of
incorporation or bylaws grant any additional dissenters
rights and there exists no resolution of the board of directors
providing for additional dissenters rights.

For a description of the rights of dissenting
shareholders of SpeedFam-IPEC under Illinois law in connection
with the merger, as well as certain procedural requirements
applicable to such dissenting shareholders, see The
Merger  Appraisal Rights on page 73.

Novellus.

Under California law, if the
approval of the outstanding shares of the corporation is
required for a merger or reorganization, each shareholder
entitled to vote on the transaction, and who did not vote in
favor of the reorganization, may require the corporation to
purchase for cash at their fair market value the shares owned by
such shareholder. No appraisal rights are available for shares
listed on any national securities exchange certified by the
Commissioner of Corporations or listed on the list of OTC margin
stocks issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
Systems, unless there exists with respect to such shares any
restriction on transfer imposed by the corporation or by any law
or regulation or if demands for payment are filed with respect
to 5% or more of the outstanding shares of that class. See
The Merger  Appraisal Rights on
page 73.

Derivative Action.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law generally provides
that a shareholder may only bring a derivative action on behalf
of a corporation if the shareholder was a shareholder of record
of the corporation at the time of the transaction in question or
his or her shares devolved to him or her thereafter by operation
of law from a person who was a shareholder at the time of the
transaction in question. However, in the discretion of the
court, a shareholder who does not meet the foregoing
requirements may be allowed to bring a derivative action upon a
preliminary showing to, and determination by, the court that
such shareholder acquired his or her shares prior



to disclosure of the wrongdoing of which he or
she complains. The shareholder is not required to make a demand
on the board of directors prior to filing suit, but, if no such
demand is made, the shareholders complaint must explain
why he or she did not make a demand on the board. If a demand is
made and the corporations investigation of the demand is
in progress when the action is brought, the court may stay the
proceeding for the lesser of 30 days or completion of the
corporations investigation. Illinois law does not provide
the corporation or defendant in a derivative suit with a
statutory right to request an order requiring the plaintiff
shareholder to furnish a security bond.

Novellus.

California law provides that a
shareholder bringing a derivative action on behalf of the
corporation need not have been a shareholder at the time of the
transaction in question, provided that certain tests are met
concerning the fairness of allowing the action to go forward.
The shareholder must make his or her demands on the board before
filing suit. The California law also provides that the
corporation or the defendant in a derivative suit may make a
motion to the court for an order requiring the plaintiff
shareholder to furnish a security bond.

Right to Call Special Meeting of
Shareholders.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law provides that special
meetings of the shareholders of a corporation may be called by
the president of the corporation, by the corporations
board of directors, by the holders of not less than one-fifth of
all outstanding shares entitled to vote on the matter for which
the meeting is called, or by such other officers or persons as
provided in the corporations articles of incorporation or
bylaws. In addition to the persons specified by Illinois law,
the SpeedFam-IPEC bylaws provide that a special meeting of
shareholders may be called by the chairman of the
corporations board of directors or the corporations
chief executive officer. The SpeedFam-IPEC bylaws expressly
state that no other person is entitled to call a special
meeting. The bylaws provide that if a special meeting of
shareholders is called by any person other than the board of
directors, the person or persons calling the meeting must first
deliver a written request to the chairman, chief executive
officer or secretary of the corporation specifying the general
nature of the business proposed to be transacted. No business
may be transacted at the special meeting other than as specified
in such notice. The board of directors will determine the time
and place of a special meeting of shareholders, which may not be
less than 35 nor more than 120 days after receipt of notice
from the person or persons entitled to call such meeting.

Novellus.

California law provides that
special meetings of the shareholders of a corporation may be
called by the corporations board of directors, by the
chairman of the board of directors of the corporation, by the
president of the corporation, by the holders of shares entitled
to cast not less than ten percent of the votes entitled to vote
on the matter for which the meeting is called, or by such other
officers or persons as provided in the corporations
articles of incorporation or bylaws.

Shareholder Consent in Lieu of
Meeting.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law provides that, unless
the articles of incorporation otherwise provide, any action
required to, or which may, be taken at any annual or special
meeting of the shareholders of an Illinois corporation may be
taken without a meeting and without a vote if a written consent
is signed (i) by the holders of outstanding shares having
not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which
all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voting or
(ii) by all of the corporations shareholders entitled
to vote with respect to the subject matter thereof. If, however,
the consent is signed by less than all of the shareholders
entitled to vote, the consent will not become effective unless a
notice in writing is delivered to all the shareholders entitled
to vote with respect to the subject matter thereof at least five
days prior to the execution of the consent and, after the
effective date of the consent, prompt written notice of such
action is delivered to those shareholders who have not so
consented. The articles of incorporation of SpeedFam-IPEC do not
deny the right of shareholders to act by written consent.

Novellus.

Under California law, unless
otherwise provided in the certificate or articles of
incorporation, any action required to be taken or which may be
taken at an annual or special meeting of shareholders may be
taken without a meeting if a consent in writing is signed by the
holders of outstanding stock having at least the



minimum number of votes required to authorize
such action. If consent is sought for less than all shareholders
entitled to vote, notice as required under the California law
shall be given. The Novellus bylaws provide that directors may
not be elected by written consent except by unanimous written
consent of all shares entitled to vote for the election of
directors.

Fiduciary Duties of Directors.

Directors of corporations incorporated or
organized under Illinois law and California law have fiduciary
obligations to the corporation and its shareholders. Pursuant to
these fiduciary obligations, the directors must act in
accordance with the so-called duties of due care and
loyalty. Under both Illinois and California law, the
duty of loyalty generally requires directors to perform their
duties in good faith in a manner that the directors reasonably
believe to be in the best interests of the corporation and its
shareholders. Unlike California law, however, Illinois statutory
law includes a provision specifically permitting directors, in
considering the best long-term and short-term interests of the
corporation, to consider the effects of any action (including,
without limitation, actions that may involve or relate to a
change or potential change in control of the corporation) upon
employees, suppliers, customers of the corporation and its
subsidiaries, and upon communities in which offices or other
establishments of the corporation or its subsidiaries are
located and all other pertinent factors. Under both Illinois and
California law, the duty of care requires that the directors act
with such care, including reasonable inquiry, as an ordinarily
prudent person in a like position would exercise under similar
circumstances.

Indemnification.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Under Illinois law, a corporation
is permitted to indemnify present or former directors, officers,
employees, and agents under certain circumstances and is
required to indemnify such persons under certain circumstances.

Illinois law generally permits a corporation to
indemnify a present or former officer, director, employee or
agent for expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments,
fines or amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably
incurred by such person in connection with actions, suits and
proceedings against such person (other than an action by or in
the right of the corporation), if such person acted in good
faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or
not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and, in
the case of a criminal proceeding, if such person had no
reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was
unlawful. With respect to actions brought by or in the name of
the corporation, Illinois law generally permits a corporation to
indemnify a present or former officer, director, employee or
agent against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually
and reasonably incurred in connection with such action, if such
person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably
believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the
corporation. However, if such person is determined to be liable
to the corporation, indemnification for expenses is not
allowable, subject to limited exceptions when a court deems the
award of expenses appropriate.

Illinois law provides that indemnification of a
present or former director, officer or employee of a corporation
against reasonable expenses incurred in connection with an
action, suit or proceeding against such person for actions in
such capacity is mandatory to the extent such person has been
successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of such
action, suit or proceeding, provided that such person acted in
good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be
in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation.

Advancement of expenses prior to the final
disposition of an action is permitted under Illinois law,
provided that the officer or director receiving such advances
must undertake to repay those expenses if it is ultimately
determined that he or she is not entitled to indemnification
with regard to the action for which the expenses were advanced.
Such expenses incurred by a former director or officer or other
employees and agents may be paid on such terms and conditions,
if any, as the corporation deems appropriate.

Illinois law grants express power to a
corporation to purchase and maintain insurance for its
directors, officers, employees, and agents, and for other
persons serving at the request of the corporation, as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against



any liability asserted against such person and
incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of
his status as such, regardless of the corporations power
to indemnify such person for such liabilities.

The bylaws of SpeedFam-IPEC contain provisions
which make indemnification of directors, officers, employees and
agents mandatory in instances where such indemnification is
permitted by Illinois law. Under the SpeedFam-IPEC bylaws, the
corporation is permitted, but not required, to advance expenses
to directors, officers, employees and agents. The bylaws provide
that no expenses may be advanced unless SpeedFam-IPEC has
received an undertaking by the director, officer, employee or
agent to repay the amounts advanced if it is ultimately
determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified. If
SpeedFam-IPEC indemnifies or advances expenses to a director or
officer in connection with an action brought by or in the right
of the corporation, the bylaws and Illinois law provide that
SpeedFam-IPEC must report the indemnification or advance in
writing to shareholders with or before the notice of the next
meeting of shareholders.

Novellus.

Under California law, a
corporation has the power to indemnify present and former
directors, officers, employees and agents against expenses,
judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts (other than in
connection with actions by or in the right of the corporation)
if that person acted in good faith and in a manner the person
reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the
corporation and, in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no
reasonable cause to believe the conduct of the person was
unlawful, and a corporation has the power to indemnify, with
certain exceptions, any person who is a party to any action by
or in the right of the corporation, against expenses actually
and reasonably incurred by that person in connection with the
defense or settlement of the action if the person acted in good
faith and in a manner the person believed to be in the best
interests of the corporation and its shareholders.

The indemnification authorized by California law
is not exclusive, and a corporation may grant its directors,
officers, employees or other agents certain additional rights to
indemnification. The Novellus articles of incorporation and the
Novellus bylaws provide for the indemnification of its agents
(as defined under the California law) to the fullest extent
permissible under California law, which may be in excess of the
indemnification expressly permitted by Section 317 of the
California Corporations Code, subject to the limits set forth in
Section 204 of the California Corporations Code with
respect to actions for breach of duty to the corporation and its
shareholders.

California law also allows for the advance
payment of an indemnitees expenses prior to the final
disposition of an action, provided that the indemnitee
undertakes to repay any such amount advanced if it is later
determined that the indemnitee is not entitled to
indemnification with regard to the action for which the expenses
were advanced.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities under
securities laws may be permitted to directors, officers or
persons controlling Novellus, pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is therefore
unenforceable.

In addition, provisions of the recently enacted
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 may otherwise restrict the rights of
officers and directors to be indemnified pursuant to state law.

Director Liability.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law provides that the
articles of incorporation of an Illinois corporation may include
a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a
director of the corporation subject to certain limitations.
Accordingly, the SpeedFam-IPEC articles of incorporation include
a provision stating that directors shall not be liable to the
corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for breach
of their fiduciary duties, provided that the foregoing does not
eliminate or limit the liability of a director for
(i) breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the
corporation or its shareholders, (ii) acts or omissions not
in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of the law, (iii) liability arising under
Section 8.65 under the Illinois Business Corporation Act,
or (iv) any transaction from which the director derived an
improper personal benefit. Notwithstanding the foregoing
limitation of liability, under Section 8.70 of the Illinois
Business Corporation Act a director who makes or receives
commercial bribes in violation of the



Illinois Criminal Code is liable to the
corporation for treble damages (based on the aggregate amount
given or received) plus attorneys fees.

Novellus.

California law provides that the
charter documents of the corporation may include provisions
which limit or eliminate the liability of directors to the
corporation or its shareholders, provided such liability does
not arise from certain proscribed conduct including, in the case
of California law, intentional misconduct or knowing and
culpable violation of law, acts or omissions that a director
believes to be contrary to the best interests of the corporation
or its shareholders or that involve the absence of good faith on
the part of the director, the receipt of an improper personal
benefit, acts or omissions that show reckless disregard for the
directors duty to the corporation or its shareholders,
where the director in the ordinary course of performing a
directors duties should be aware of a risk of serious
injury to the corporation or its shareholders, acts or omissions
that constitute an unexcused pattern of inattention that amounts
to an abdication of the directors duty to the corporation
and its shareholders, interested transactions between the
corporation and a director in which a director has a material
financial interest and liability for improper distributions,
loans or guarantees. The Novellus articles of incorporation
contain a provision limiting the liability of its directors to
the fullest extent provided by California law.

Anti-Takeover Provisions and Interested
Shareholder Transactions.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois is among a number of
states that have adopted special laws designed to make certain
kinds of unfriendly corporate takeovers, or other
transactions involving a corporation and one or more of its
significant shareholders, more difficult. Section 11.75 of
the Illinois Business Corporation Act prohibits certain
corporations with certain minimum contacts to Illinois from
engaging in a business combination with an
interested shareholder for three years following the
time that such person becomes an interested shareholder unless
certain actions occur.

With certain exceptions, an interested
shareholder is a person or group who or which owns 15% or
more of the corporations outstanding voting stock (whereby
the outstanding voting shares will include shares deemed to be
owned by such person through any rights to acquire stock
pursuant to an option, warrant, agreement, arrangement or
understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion or exchange
rights and stock with respect to which the person has voting
rights only), or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation
and was the owner of 15% or more of such voting stock at any
time within the previous three years.

The term business combination is
defined broadly to include mergers with or caused by the
interested shareholder, sales or other dispositions to the
interested shareholder (except proportionately with the
corporations other shareholders) of assets of the
corporation or a subsidiary equal to ten percent or more of the
aggregate market value of the corporations consolidated
assets or its outstanding stock, the issuance or transfer by the
corporation or a subsidiary of stock of the corporation or such
subsidiary to the interested shareholder (with certain
exceptions), or receipt by the interested shareholder (except
proportionately as a shareholder), directly or indirectly, of
any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial
benefits provided by or through the corporation or a subsidiary.

The three-year prohibition imposed on business
combinations by Section 11.75 does not apply if:

 

Before the time on which such shareholder becomes
    an interested shareholder, the board of directors approves
    either the business combination or the transaction that resulted
    in the person becoming an interested shareholder;

 

The interested shareholder owns 85% of the
    corporations voting stock (excluding certain shares) upon
    consummation of the transaction that made him an interested
    shareholder; or

 

On or after the time such person becomes an
    interested shareholder, the board approves the business
    combination and it is also approved at a shareholder meeting
    (and not by written consent) by at least 66 2/3% of the
    voting stock not owned by the interested shareholder.

In addition to any shareholder approval of a
business combination required by Section 11.75 and the
articles of incorporation, Section 7.85 of the Illinois
Business Corporation Act imposes a separate shareholder



approval requirement in connection with business
combinations involving a reporting company and an
interested shareholder. A reporting company is a
corporation subject to the reporting requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act. Section 7.85 generally requires
the approval of holders of at least 80% of the combined voting
power of the then outstanding shares of all classes of the
reporting companys capital stock entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, and the approval of a
majority of the voting shares held by disinterested shareholders
of the reporting company.

This separate shareholder approval requirement
for reporting companies is not applicable if the business
combination is approved by at least two-thirds of the directors
who are not associated with the interested shareholder or if
certain procedural and price requirements specified in
Section 7.85 are met.

An Illinois corporation may elect not to be
governed by Sections 7.85 and 11.75 by

 

A provision in its original articles of
    incorporation;

 

An amendment to its bylaws adopted by the board
    of directors within 90 days of the effective date of such
    Section; or

 

An amendment to its articles of incorporation or
    bylaws approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
    shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors.
    Generally, such an amendment will not be effective until
    12 months after its adoption and will not apply to a
    business combination with a party who became an interested
    shareholder on or prior to its adoption.

SpeedFam-IPEC has not made this election, and any
future election not to be governed by Sections 7.85 and
11.75 would need to be approved by the corporations
shareholders. However, SpeedFam-IPECs board of directors
has unanimously approved the reorganization agreement and the
merger. Therefore, neither Section 7.85 nor
Section 11.75 will apply to the merger.

Novellus.

Under California law, there are no
statutory provisions comparable to Sections 7.85 and 11.75
of the Illinois Business Corporation Act. However, California
law does provide that, except where the fairness of the terms
and conditions of the transaction has been approved by the
California Commissioner of Corporations and except in a
short-form merger (the merger of a parent
corporation with a subsidiary in which the parent owns at least
90% of the outstanding shares of each class of the
subsidiarys stock), if the surviving corporation or its
parent corporation owns, directly or indirectly, shares of the
target corporation representing more than 50% of the voting
power of the target corporation prior to the merger, the
nonredeemable common stock of a target corporation may be
converted only into nonredeemable common stock of the surviving
corporation or its parent corporation, unless all of the
shareholders of the class consent. The effect of this provision
is to prohibit a cash-out merger of minority shareholders,
except where the majority shareholders already own 90% or more
of the voting power of the target corporation and could,
therefore, effect a short-form merger to accomplish such a
cash-out of minority shareholders.

Advance Notice and Record Date.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law and the SpeedFam-IPEC
bylaws provide that written notice of each meeting of
shareholders must be delivered to shareholders not less than 10
nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting, or in
the case of a merger, share exchange, dissolution or sale, lease
or exchange of assets, not less than 20 nor more than
60 days before the meeting. Illinois law and the
SpeedFam-IPEC bylaws permit the board of directors to fix a
record date for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled
to vote at a meeting of shareholders. In most cases, the record
date must be not more than 60 days nor less than
10 days before the date of the meeting. In the case of a
meeting relating to a merger, share exchange, dissolution or
sale, lease or exchange of assets, the record date must be not
more than 60 nor less than 20 days before the date of such
meeting.

Novellus.

California law requires that
shareholders be provided prior written notice no more than
60 days nor less than 10 days prior to the date of the
meeting in which shareholders are required or permitted to take
any action at a meeting. California law and the Novellus bylaws
permit the board of directors to fix in advance a record date
for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to vote at
a meeting of



shareholders, which shall not be more than 60 nor
less than 10 days prior to the date of such meeting nor
more than 60 days prior to any other action.

Inspection of Books and Records.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Under Illinois law, any
shareholder of record acting with a proper purpose has the right
to examine and copy, in person or by agent, at any reasonable
time or times, a corporations accounting books and
records, the minutes of proceedings of the shareholders or board
of directors, voting trust agreements filed with the corporation
and the list of shareholders. Illinois law also provides for an
absolute right to request and receive, within 14 days of
such request, a balance sheet as of the close of the
corporations latest fiscal year and a profit and loss
statement for such fiscal year; provided, however, that if the
request is received by the corporation before such financial
statements are available, the corporation shall mail such
financial statements within 14 days after they become
available but in any event within 120 days after the close
of its latest fiscal year.

Novellus.

California law allows any
shareholder to inspect the accounting books and records and
minutes of proceedings of the shareholders and the board and to
inspect the shareholders list at any reasonable time
during usual business hours, for a purpose reasonably related to
such holders interests as a shareholder. California law
also provides for an absolute right to inspect and copy the
corporations shareholders list by a shareholder or
shareholders holding at least 5% in the aggregate of the
corporations outstanding voting shares, or any shareholder
or shareholders holding 1% or more of such shares who have filed
a Schedule 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Size of the Board of Directors.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Under Illinois law, the number of
directors is to be fixed by the bylaws, except the number of
initial directors is fixed by the incorporators in the articles
of incorporation or at the organizational meeting. In the
absence of a bylaw fixing the number of directors, the number
shall be the same as that fixed in the articles of incorporation
or at the organizational meeting. The number of directors may be
increased or decreased from time to time by amendment to the
bylaws.

The bylaws of an Illinois corporation may
establish a variable range for the size of the board by
prescribing a minimum and maximum (which may not exceed the
minimum by more than five) number of directors. If a variable
range is established, the number of directors may be fixed or
changed from time to time, within the minimum and maximum, by
the directors or the shareholders without further amendment to
the by-laws. The bylaws of SpeedFam-IPEC provide that the number
of directors may not be less than four or more than nine.
Subject to these parameters, the board of directors may from
time to time determine the number of directors.

Novellus.

Under California law, as provided
in the articles of incorporation or bylaws, the number of
directors may be specific or may be not less than a stated
minimum nor more than a stated maximum, with the exact number to
be fixed by the board or the shareholders. The minimum number
cannot be less than three. A bylaw changing or fixing a number
of directors may only be adopted by approval of a majority of
the outstanding shares. The Novellus bylaws provide that the
authorized number of directors of the corporation shall be not
less than four nor more than seven, the exact number of
directors to be fixed from time to time within such range by a
bylaw or bylaw amendment adopted by a majority of the shares
entitled to vote at a meeting of the shareholders at which a
quorum is present or by the written consent of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote or by the
board of directors or a resolution of the board of directors.

Removal of Directors.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law provides that one or
more directors of a corporation may be removed, with or without
cause, at a meeting of shareholders by the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to
vote in an election of directors. The notice for any such
meeting of shareholders must state that the purpose of the
meeting is to vote upon the removal of one or more directors
named in the notice. Only the director or directors named in the
notice may be removed at the meeting. Under Illinois law,



certain special removal provisions are applicable
to corporations with cumulative voting or a classified board of
directors. These provisions do not apply to SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law also provides that an Illinois court
may, in certain limited circumstances, remove a director at the
request of the corporation or the holders of at least ten
percent of the outstanding shares of any class of capital stock.
In order to remove a director under this provision of Illinois
law, the court must find that (i) the director is engaged
in fraudulent or dishonest conduct or has grossly abused his or
her position to the detriment of the corporation, and
(ii) removal is in the best interest of the corporation.

Novellus.

California law provides that the
board of directors may declare vacant the office of a director
who has been declared of unsound mind by an order of court or
convicted of a felony. Further, any director or the entire board
of directors may be removed, with or without cause, with the
approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to
vote thereon; however, no director may be removed (unless the
entire board is removed) if the number of shares voted against
the removal would be sufficient to elect the director under
cumulative voting. Shareholders holding at least 10% of the
outstanding shares in any class may sue in superior county court
to remove from office any officer or director for fraud,
dishonest acts or gross abuse of authority or discretion.

Transactions Involving Directors.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Under Illinois law, if a
transaction is fair to a corporation at the time it is
authorized, approved or ratified by the board of directors or
shareholders, then the fact that a director of the corporation
is directly or indirectly a party to the transaction is not
grounds for invalidating the transaction or the directors
vote regarding the transaction. Nevertheless, in a proceeding
contesting the validity of an interested director transaction,
the person asserting the validity of such transaction has the
burden of proving the fairness of such transaction unless:

 

The material facts of the transaction and the
    directors interest or relationship were disclosed or known
    to the board of directors or a committee of the board, and the
    board or committee authorized, approved or ratified the
    transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the
    disinterested directors even though the disinterested directors
    are less than a quorum; or

 

The material facts of the transaction and the
    directors interest or relationship were disclosed or known
    to the shareholders entitled to vote and they authorized,
    approved or ratified the transaction without counting the vote
    of any shareholder who is an interested director.

Novellus.

California law states that any
contract or transaction between a corporation and any of its
directors, or a second corporation in which a director has a
material financial interest is not void or voidable if the
material facts as to the transaction and as to the
directors interest are fully disclosed and a majority of
the disinterested shareholders represented and voting at a duly
held meeting approve or ratify the transaction in good faith.
California law also provides that such a contract or transaction
also is not void or voidable if either after full disclosure the
transaction is approved by the board or a committee (excluding
the vote of interested directors) in good faith and the
transaction is just and reasonable to the corporation, or the
person asserting the validity of the contract or transaction
sustains the burden of proving that the contract or transaction
was just and reasonable as to the corporation at the time it was
authorized, approved or ratified.

Filling Vacancies on the Board of
Directors.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law provides that any
vacancy occurring in the board of directors and any directorship
to be filled by reason of an increase in the number of directors
may be filled by election at the annual meeting of shareholders
or at a special meeting of shareholders called for that purpose.
Illinois law also provides that the bylaws of a corporation may
provide a method for filling vacancies arising between meetings
of shareholders by reason of an increase in the number of
directors or otherwise, by director or shareholder action and,
in the absence of such provision, the board of directors may
fill the vacancy. Under Illinois law, a director appointed by
the board to fill a vacancy serves until the next meeting of
shareholders at which directors are elected. The SpeedFam-IPEC
bylaws provide that in the event one or more vacancies occur



between meetings of shareholders, whether by
increase in the number of directors or otherwise, the board of
directors by majority vote of the directors then in office may
fill such vacancy or vacancies and any such director so selected
will serve until the next annual or special meeting of
shareholders at which directors are elected.

Novellus.

Under California law, any vacancy
on the board of directors other than one created by removal of a
director may be filled by the board of directors, unless
otherwise provided in the articles or bylaws. If the number of
directors is less than a quorum, a vacancy may be filled by the
unanimous written consent of the directors then in office, by
the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors at a meeting
held pursuant to notice or waivers of notice or by a sole
remaining director. A vacancy created by removal of director can
only be filled by the shareholders unless board approval is
authorized by a corporations articles of incorporation or
by a bylaw approved by the corporations shareholders. The
Novellus bylaws authorize only Novellus shareholders to
fill a vacancy created by the removal of a director.

Inspection of Shareholders List.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law provides that any
shareholder of record acting with a proper purpose has the right
to examine and copy, in person or by agent, at any reasonable
time or times, a corporations list of shareholders.

Novellus.

California law allows any
shareholder upon written demand to inspect a corporations
shareholders list for a purpose reasonably related to such
persons interests as a shareholder. In addition,
California law provides an absolute right to inspect and copy
the corporations shareholders list to persons
holding an aggregate of 5% or more of a corporations
voting shares, or shareholders holding an aggregate of 1% or
more of such shares who have filed a Schedule 14A with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

Dividends.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Under Illinois law, a corporation
may make distributions to its shareholders, unless, after giving
effect to the distribution, the corporation would be insolvent
or the net assets of the corporation would be less than zero or
less than the maximum amount then payable to shareholders having
preferential rights in liquidation if the corporation were then
liquidated.

Novellus.

Under California law, a
corporation may make distributions to its shareholders, if after
giving effect to the distribution, (i) the corporation is
and in the future is likely to be able to meet its liabilities
as they mature, and (ii) either (A) the dividend is
paid out of its retained earnings, provided that the amount of
retained earnings immediately before the distribution equal or
exceeds the amount of the proposed distribution or (B) the
total corporate assets would be at least one and one-quarter
times its liabilities and the total current assets would be at
least equal to its current liabilities.

Preemptive Rights.

SpeedFam-IPEC.

Illinois law provides that the
shareholders of a corporation organized on or after
January 1, 1982 do not have preemptive rights unless such
rights are expressly conferred by the articles of incorporation.
A corporation organized before January 1, 1982 may limit or
deny preemptive rights to the extent provided in its articles of
incorporation. SpeedFam-IPEC was originally organized an
Illinois corporation in 1959. The SpeedFam-IPEC articles of
incorporation expressly provide that shareholders of the
corporation do not have preemptive rights.

Novellus.

California law provides that the
shareholders of a corporation do not have preemptive rights
unless such rights are expressly conferred by the articles of
incorporation. The Novellus articles of incorporation do not
provide for preemptive rights for shareholders of the
corporation.



SHARE OWNERSHIP BY PRINCIPAL
SHAREHOLDERS,

MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS OF
SPEEDFAM-IPEC

The following table sets forth information
concerning the beneficial ownership of common stock of
SpeedFam-IPEC as of October      ,
2002 of the following:

 

Each person or entity who is known by
    SpeedFam-IPEC to own beneficially more than five percent of the
    outstanding shares of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock;

 

Each of SpeedFam-IPECs current directors;

 

The chief executive officer and other four most
    highly compensated officers of SpeedFam-IPEC (the Named
    Executive Officers); and

 

All directors and executive officers of
    SpeedFam-IPEC as a group.

The number and percentage of shares beneficially
owned is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the
Securities Exchange Act and the information is not necessarily
indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under
that rule, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which
the individual or entity has voting power or investment power
and any shares that the individual has the right to acquire
within 60 days of
October      , 2002 through the
exercise of any stock option or other right. Unless otherwise
indicated in the footnotes or table, each person or entity has
sole voting and investment power, or shares such powers with his
or her spouse, with respect to the shares shown as beneficially
owned.

Except as otherwise indicated, SpeedFam-IPEC
believes that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed
below, based on information furnished by such owners, have sole
investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject
to community property laws where applicable. Information with
respect to State of Wisconsin Investment Board, Dimensional Fund
Advisors Inc., Gardner Lewis Asset Management, Candlewood
Capital Management, L.L.C. and A.R. Schmeidler & Company is
based solely on each such entitys respective public
filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock

Number of

Shares

Percent of

Beneficially

Outstanding

Owned

Shares

5% Shareholders:

State of Wisconsin Investment Board

5,950,640

19.1

%

121 East Wilson Street

Madison, Wisconsin 53702

Dimensional Fund Advisors, Inc.

2,465,943

7.9

%

1299 Ocean Avenue

Santa Monica, California 90401

Gardner Lewis Asset Management

2,211,800

7.1

%

285 Wilmington

Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania 19317

Candlewood Capital Management, L.L.C. 

2,022,685

6.5

%

17 Hulfish Street

Princeton, New Jersey 08542

A.R. Schmeidler & Company

2,022,485

6.5

%

555 Fifth Street

Princeton, New Jersey 08542



Common Stock

Number of

Shares

Percent of

Beneficially

Outstanding

Owned

Shares

Executive Officers and Directors:

Richard Faubert(1)

422,367

1.3

%

Neil R. Bonke(2)

146,499

*

Kenneth Levy(3)

180,123

*

J. Michael Dodson(4)

132,778

*

Giovanni Nocerino(5)

250,746

*

Carl Neun(6)

126,999

*

Peter J. Simone(7)

344,996

1.1

%

Saket Chadda(8)

60,731

*

Robert Carey(9)

40,000

*

All directors and executive officers as a group
    (9 persons)

1,705,239

5.2

%

*

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Includes 368,000 shares subject to issuance to
    Mr. Faubert upon the exercise of certain stock options.

(2) 

Includes 141,999 shares subject to issuance to
    Mr. Bonke upon the exercise of certain stock options.

(3) 

All such shares are subject to issuance to
    Mr. Levy upon the exercise of certain stock options.

(4) 

Includes 6,000 shares beneficially owned by
    Mr. Dodsons children. Also includes
    110,000 shares subject to issuance to Mr. Dodson upon
    the exercise of certain stock options.

(5) 

Includes 186,667 shares subject to issuance to
    Mr. Nocerino upon the exercise of certain stock options.

(6) 

Includes 124,999 shares subject to issuance to
    Mr. Neun upon the exercise of certain stock options.

(7) 

All such shares are subject to issuance to
    Mr. Simone upon the exercise of certain stock options.

(8) 

Includes 45,000 shares subject to issuance to
    Mr. Chadda upon the exercise of certain stock options.

(9) 

Includes 40,000 shares subject to issuance to
    Mr. Carey upon the exercise of certain stock options.

LEGAL MATTERS

The validity of the shares of Novellus common
stock offered by this proxy statement-prospectus and certain
legal matters with respect to federal income tax consequences in
connection with the merger will be passed upon for Novellus by
Morrison & Foerster LLP, Palo Alto, California. Certain
legal matters with respect to federal income tax consequences in
connection with the merger will be passed upon for SpeedFam-IPEC
by Snell & Wilmer L.L.P., Phoenix, Arizona.

EXPERTS

The consolidated financial statements and
schedule of Novellus at December 31, 2001 and 2000 and for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2001, are included in Novellus Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. These
financial statements and schedule are incorporated by reference
in the proxy statement-prospectus of SpeedFam-IPEC, which is
referred to and made a part of this prospectus and registration
statement of Novellus and have been audited by Ernst &
Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth in their report
thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph describing a
change in Novellus method of accounting for revenue
recognition in accordance with guidance provided in SEC Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 101 (SAB 101), Revenue
Recognition in Financial Statements) and is incorporated
herein by reference. Ernst & Young LLPs report as to
the years 2000 and 1999 is based in part on the reports of
Arthur Andersen LLP, independent auditors. Arthur Andersen LLP
has not consented to the incorporation by reference in this
proxy statement-prospectus of their report dated
October 30, 2000 with



respect to the consolidated financial statements
of GaSonics International Corporation that are included in the
GaSonics Form 10-K filed on December 26, 2000, and
included as an exhibit to the Novellus Systems, Inc.
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, which
is incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement-prospectus. Novellus has dispensed with the
requirement to file their consent in reliance upon
Rule 437a of the Securities Act of 1933. Because Arthur
Andersen LLP has not consented to the inclusion of their report
in this proxy statement-prospectus, you will not be able to
recover against Arthur Andersen LLP under Section 11 of the
Securities Act for any untrue statements of a material fact
contained in the financial statements audited by Arthur Andersen
LLP or any omissions to state a material fact required to be
stated therein. Therefore, your right of recovery under that
section may be limited as a result of the lack of consent. The
financial statements referred to above are incorporated by
reference into this document in reliance upon such reports given
on the authority of such firms as experts in accounting and
auditing.

The consolidated financial statements and
schedule of SpeedFam-IPEC as of June 1, 2002 and
June 2, 2001, and for each of the years in the three-year
period ended June 1, 2002, have been incorporated by
reference herein in reliance upon the reports of KPMG LLP,
independent accountants, incorporated by reference herein, and
upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and
auditing. The audit report on the consolidated financial
statements refers to a change in accounting for goodwill in
fiscal 2002 and a change in accounting for revenue in fiscal
2001.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

This proxy statement-prospectus includes
information that has not been delivered or presented to you but
is incorporated by reference, which means that
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC disclose information to you by
referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC.
The information incorporated by reference is considered a part
of this proxy statement-prospectus, except for any information
superseded by information provided in this proxy
statement-prospectus. This proxy statement-prospectus
incorporates by reference the documents listed below, which
contain important information.

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC are also incorporating
by reference any additional documents that each files with the
SEC as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 between
the date of this proxy statement-prospectus and the date of the
special meeting of SpeedFam-IPEC shareholders.

The following documents, which were filed by
SpeedFam-IPEC with the SEC, are incorporated by reference into
this proxy statement-prospectus:

 

SpeedFam-IPECs Annual Report on
    Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 1, 2002; and

 

The description of SpeedFam-IPEC common stock
    contained in SpeedFam-IPECs Registration Statement on
    Form 8-A, filed on September 18, 1995, and any
    amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such
    description.

The following documents, which have been filed by
Novellus with the SEC, are incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement-prospectus:

 

Novellus Annual Report on Form 10-K
    for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001;

 

Novellus Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
    for the quarter ended March 30, 2002;

 

Novellus Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
    for the quarter ended June 29, 2002;

 

Novellus Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on August 14, 2002; and

 

The description of Novellus common stock
    contained in Novellus Registration Statement on
    Form 8-A, filed on September 1, 1988, and any
    amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such
    description.

The documents incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement-prospectus are available from SpeedFam-IPEC and
Novellus upon request. SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus will provide a
copy of any and all of the information that is incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement-prospectus (not including



exhibits to the information unless those exhibits
are specifically incorporated by reference in this
proxy-statement prospectus) to any person, without charge, upon
oral or written request. 
Any request for documents should be
made by October      , 2002 to
ensure timely delivery of the documents. 
Request for
documents may be made in writing or by telephone.

Requests for documents relating to
    SpeedFam-IPEC should be directed to:

Requests for documents relating to Novellus
    should be directed to:

Investor Relations Department

    SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.

    305 North 54th Street

    Chandler, AZ 85226

    (480) 705-2100

Investor Relations Department

    Novellus Systems, Inc.

    4000 North First Street

    San Jose, CA 95134

    (408) 943-9700

You should rely only on the information
contained in this document or to which Novellus or SpeedFam-IPEC
have referred you. Neither Novellus nor SpeedFam-IPEC has
authorized anyone to provide you with information that is
different.

Novellus and SpeedFam-IPEC each file reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Copies of
Novellus and SpeedFam-IPECs reports, proxy
statements and other information may be inspected and copied at
the Public Reference Room maintained by the SEC at:

Judiciary Plaza

Room 1024

450 Fifth Street, N.W.

Washington, D.C. 20549

You may obtain information on the operation of
the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at
(800) SEC-0330.

Reports, proxy statements and other information
concerning SpeedFam-IPEC and Novellus may also be inspected at:

The National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc.

1735 K Street, N.W.

Washington, D.C. 20006

You can also obtain copies of these materials by
mail at prescribed rates from the Public Reference Section of
the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington,
D.C. 20549 or by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330.
The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy
statements and other information regarding Novellus and
SpeedFam-IPEC at http://www.sec.gov.

Novellus has filed a registration statement on
Form S-4 under the Securities Act of 1933 with the SEC with
respect to Novellus common stock to be issued to SpeedFam-IPEC
shareholders in the merger. This proxy statement-prospectus
constitutes the prospectus of Novellus filed as part of the
registration statement. This proxy statement-prospectus does not
contain all of the information set forth in the registration
statement because parts of the registration statement are
omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC.
The registration statement and its exhibits are available for
inspection and copying as described above.

If you have any questions about the merger,
please call SpeedFam-IPECs Investor Relations at
(480) 705-2100. You may also call Novellus Investor
Relations at (408) 943-9700.



ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

by and among

NOVELLUS SYSTEMS, INC.

NHL ACQUISITION-SUB, INC.

and

SPEEDFAM-IPEC, INC.

August 11, 2002

Morrison & Foerster LLP

755 Page Mill Road

Palo Alto, California 94304-1018





Page

ARTICLE I  THE MERGER

A-1

1.1

The Merger

A-1

1.2

Closing; Effective Time

A-1

1.3

Effect of the Merger

A-2

1.4

Articles of Incorporation; Bylaws

A-2

1.5

Directors and Officers

A-2

1.6

Effect on Capital Stock

A-2

1.7

Surrender of Certificates

A-3

1.8

No Further Ownership Rights in Company Capital
    Stock

A-5

1.9

Tax Consequences

A-5

1.10

Withholding Rights

A-5

1.11

Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action

A-5

1.12

Dissenters Rights

A-5

ARTICLE II  REPRESENTATIONS AND
    WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

A-6

2.1

Organization, Standing and Power

A-7

2.2

Capital Structure

A-7

2.3

Authority

A-8

2.4

SEC Documents, Financial Statements

A-9

2.5

Absence of Certain Changes

A-9

2.6

Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities

A-10

2.7

Litigation

A-10

2.8

Governmental Authorization

A-10

2.9

Title to Personal Property

A-10

2.10

Intellectual Property

A-11

2.11

Environmental Matters

A-12

2.12

Taxes

A-14

2.13

Employee Benefit Plans

A-15

2.14

Certain Agreements Affected by the Merger

A-17

2.15

Employee Matters

A-17

2.16

Insurance

A-18

2.17

Compliance With Laws

A-18

2.18

Brokers and Finders Fees

A-18

2.19

Vote Required

A-18

2.20

Board Approval

A-18

2.21

Customers and Suppliers

A-18

2.22

Material Contracts

A-19

2.23

No Breach of Material Contracts

A-19

2.24

Material Third Party Consents

A-19

2.25

Real Property and Real Property Leases

A-20

2.26

Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/ Proxy

A-21

2.27

Tax Matters

A-22

A-i



Page

2.28

Opinion of Financial Advisor

A-22

2.29

Takeover Statutes

A-22

ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND
    WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

A-22

3.1

Organization, Standing and Power

A-23

3.2

Capital Structure

A-23

3.3

Authority

A-24

3.4

SEC Documents; Financial Statements

A-25

3.5

Tax Matters

A-25

3.6

Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities

A-25

3.7

Litigation

A-25

3.8

Board and Shareholder Approval

A-25

3.9

Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/ Proxy

A-25

3.10

Opinion of Financial Advisor

A-26

3.11

Investigation by Parent; Companys Liability

A-26

3.12

Absence of Certain Changes

A-26

ARTICLE IV  CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE
    EFFECTIVE TIME

A-26

4.1

Conduct of Business of Company

A-26

4.2

Restriction on Conduct of Business of Company

A-27

4.3

No Solicitation

A-29

ARTICLE V  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

A-30

5.1

Proxy Statement/ Prospectus; Registration
    Statement

A-30

5.2

Meeting of Shareholders

A-30

5.3

Access to Information; Disclosure
    Schedule Updates

A-30

5.4

Confidentiality

A-31

5.5

Public Disclosure

A-31

5.6

Consents; Cooperation

A-31

5.7

Affiliates

A-32

5.8

Voting Agreement

A-32

5.9

FIRPTA

A-32

5.10

Legal Requirements

A-33

5.11

Employee Benefit Plans

A-33

5.12

Indemnification

A-35

5.13

Form S-8

A-36

5.14

Treatment as Reorganization

A-36

5.15

Takeover Statutes

A-36

5.16

Notices

A-36

5.17

Listing of Additional Shares

A-36

5.18

Further Assurances

A-36

ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

A-37

6.1

Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect
    the Merger

A-37

6.2

Additional Conditions to Obligations of Company

A-37

6.3

Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Parent

A-38

A-ii



Page

ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND
    WAIVER

A-38

7.1

Termination

A-38

7.2

Effect of Termination

A-39

7.3

Expenses and Termination Fees

A-40

7.4

Amendment

A-40

7.5

Extension; Waiver

A-41

ARTICLE VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS

A-41

8.1

Non-Survival at Effective Time

A-41

8.2

Notices

A-41

8.3

Interpretation; Certain Definitions

A-42

8.4

Counterparts; Facsimile Delivery

A-42

8.5

Entire Agreement; Nonassignability; Parties in
    Interest

A-42

8.6

Severability

A-42

8.7

Remedies Cumulative

A-42

8.8

Governing Law

A-42

8.9

Rules of Construction

A-42

8.10

Assignment

A-43

8.11

Attorneys Fees

A-43

SCHEDULES

Company Disclosure Schedule

Parent Disclosure Schedule

Other Schedules

Schedule 5.7



Company Affiliates

Schedule 5.8



Signatories of Shareholder Voting Agreement

Schedule 5.11(a)



Holders of Outstanding Company Options

Schedule 5.11(e)



Assumed Employment Agreements

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A-1



Form of Certificate of Merger

Exhibit A-2



Form of Articles of Merger

Exhibit B



Form of Bylaws

Exhibit C



Form of Shareholder Voting Agreement

Exhibit D



Confidentiality Agreement

Exhibit E



Form of FIRPTA Notice

Exhibit F



Form of IRS Notice

Exhibit G-1



Form of Certificate of Officer of Company

Exhibit G-2



Form of Certificate of Officer of Parent

A-iii



AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND
REORGANIZATION

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND
REORGANIZATION 
(the

Agreement
) is made as of August 11, 2002
(the 
Execution Date
) by and among NOVELLUS
SYSTEMS, INC., a California corporation 
(Parent),

NHL ACQUISITION-SUB, INC., a Delaware corporation

(Merger Sub), 
and SPEEDFAM-IPEC, INC., an
Illinois corporation 
(Company). 
An index of
the defined terms used in this Agreement can be found in

Appendix I 
hereto.

RECITALS

A.     The Boards of
Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and Company each have determined
that the business combination between Parent and Company through
the merger of Merger Sub with and into Company pursuant to the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein (the

Merger
) is advisable and in the best
interests of their respective companies and, shareholders and
stockholders.

B.     Merger Sub is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent.

C.     Pursuant to the
Merger, among other things, each outstanding share of capital
stock of Company shall be converted into a fraction of a share
of common stock of Parent, at the rate set forth herein.

D.     Company and
Parent desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and other agreements in connection with the Merger.

E.     The parties
intend, by executing this Agreement, to adopt a plan of
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the

Code
), and to cause the Merger to qualify as
a reorganization under the provisions of Sections 368(a) of
the Code.

G.     As an inducement
to Parent to enter into this Agreement, certain officers,
directors and shareholders of Company have concurrently herewith
entered into an agreement to vote the shares of Companys
Capital Stock owned by such persons to approve the Merger and
this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants
and representations set forth herein, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

1.1     
The
Merger.
 Subject to and in accordance with the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the

Effective Time 
(as defined in
Section 1.2 hereof), Merger Sub shall be merged with and
into Company, which shall be the surviving corporation

(Surviving Corporation) 
in the Merger, and
the separate existence of Merger Sub shall thereupon cease. The
name of Surviving Corporation shall remain

SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.. 
The Merger shall have
the effects set forth in the applicable provisions of the
Delaware General Corporation Law 
(Delaware Law)

and the Illinois Business Corporations Act

(Illinois Law).

1.2     
Closing;
Effective Time.
 The closing of the transactions contemplated
hereby (the 
Closing
) shall take place as soon
as practicable and in any event not later than two business days
after the satisfaction or waiver of each of the conditions set
forth in Article VI hereof or at such other time as the
parties hereto agree (the 
Closing Date
). The
Closing shall take place at the offices of Morrison &
Foerster, LLP, 755 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California, or at
such other location as the parties hereto agree. In connection
with the Closing, the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to
be consummated by filing (i) the Certificate of Merger, in
substantially the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A-1

(the 
Certificate of Merger
), together
with any required officers certificates, with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, in accordance with
the relevant provisions of Delaware Law; and (ii) the Articles
of Merger, in substantially the form attached hereto as

Exhibit A-2 
(the 
Articles of
Merger
), together with any required officers
certificates, with the Secretary of State of the State of
Illinois, in accordance with the relevant provisions of Illinois
Law (the time of such

A-1



filing with the Secretary of State of Illinois
being the 
Effective Time 
and the date of such
filing being the 
Effective Date
).

1.3     
Effect of the
Merger.
 At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in this Agreement, the Certificate of
Merger, the Articles of Merger and the applicable provisions of
Delaware Law and Illinois Law. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time,
all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of
Company and Merger Sub shall vest in Surviving Corporation, and
all debts, liabilities and duties of Company and Merger Sub
shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of Surviving
Corporation.

1.4     
Articles of
Incorporation; Bylaws.

(a) At the Effective Time, the Articles of
Incorporation of Company, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the Articles of Incorporation of
Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by
Illinois Law and such Articles of Incorporation; provided, that
as of the Effective Time, Companys Articles of
Incorporation shall be amended substantially as set forth in
Exhibit A to the Certificate of Merger.

(b) The Bylaws of Company, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of
Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by
Illinois Law and such Bylaws; provided, that as of the Effective
Time, Companys Bylaws shall be amended substantially as
set forth in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

1.5     
Directors and
Officers.
 At the Effective Time, the directors of Merger
Sub, serving in such capacity immediately prior to the Effective
Time, shall be the directors of Surviving Corporation, until
their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and
qualified. The officers of Merger Sub, holding office
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the officers
of Surviving Corporation, until their respective successors are
duly elected or appointed and qualified.

1.6     
Effect on
Capital Stock.

(a) 
Certain Definitions.

Company Capital Stock

shall mean all outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock and all outstanding shares of any other
capital stock of Company as of the Effective Time.

Company Common Stock

shall mean shares of the common stock
of Company, no par value.

Company Convertible Securities

shall mean any and all warrants,
rights or other convertible securities to purchase or otherwise
acquire shares of Company Capital Stock, whether or not
presently exercisable or subject to additional conditions prior
to exercise, not including Company Options or Company Notes.

Company ESPP

shall mean the 1995 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan of Company.

Company Notes

shall mean the $115 million
Convertible Subordinated Notes of Company due in 2004 and issued
pursuant to that certain Indenture between Integrated Process
Equipment Corporation 
(IPEC) 
and State Street
Bank and Trust Company of California, N.A., as trustee (the

Trustee
), dated as of September 15,
1997, as amended by that certain First Supplemental Indenture by
and among Company, IPEC and the Trustee, dated as of
April 6, 1999 (collectively, the

Indenture
).

Company Options

shall mean any and all options or
other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire shares of Company
Capital Stock, whether or not presently exercisable or subject
to additional conditions prior to exercise, under and pursuant
to the (i) 1991 Employee Incentive Stock Option Plan, as
amended; (ii) IPEC 1992 Stock Option Plan, as amended;
(iii) 1995 Stock Plan for Employees and Directors of
SpeedFam International, Inc., as amended; (iv) 2001
Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, and (v) the non-Plan stand
alone stock option agreement between Company and Peter Simone
(each, a 
Company Stock Option Plan, 
and
collectively, the 
Company Stock Option Plans
).

Exchange Ratio

shall mean 0.1818, as may be adjusted
pursuant to Section 1.6(f) hereof.

A-2



Parent Common Stock

shall mean shares of the common stock
of Parent, no par value.

(b) 
Conversion of Company Capital
Stock.
 By virtue of the Merger and without any further
action on the part of Parent, Company, Merger Sub or the holders
of any of Companys securities, at the Effective Time, each
share of Company Capital Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, but excluding any
shares canceled pursuant to Section 1.6(c), will be
automatically canceled, extinguished and converted into the
right to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
equal to the Exchange Ratio and cash in lieu of fractional
shares in accordance with Section 1.6(g).

(c) 
Cancellation of Company Capital Stock
Owned by Company.
 At the Effective Time, all shares of
Company Capital Stock that are owned by Company as treasury
stock and each share of Company Capital Stock owned by Parent or
any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Company or
Parent shall be canceled and extinguished without any rights to
conversion thereof and no consideration shall be delivered in
exchange therefore. At the Effective Time, any shares of Company
Capital Stock that are owned by Parent, Merger Sub or any other
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent shall be canceled, retired and
extinguished without any conversion thereof and no consideration
shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

(d) 
Treatment of Company Options and
Company ESPP Rights.
 At the Effective Time, (i) the
Company Stock Option Plans and all Company Options then
outstanding under the Company Stock Option Plans shall be
assumed by Parent and converted into Parent Options in
accordance with Section 5.11(a) hereof; and (ii) all
purchase rights for shares of Company Common Stock outstanding
under the Company ESPP immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be exercised in accordance with Section 5.11(b)
hereof, and the purchased shares of Company Common Stock shall
at the Effective Time be converted into shares of Parent Common
Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares, as provided in
Section 1.6(g) hereof.

(e) 
Treatment of Company Notes and other
Company Convertible Securities.
 At the Effective Time,
(i) the Company Notes shall be assumed or guaranteed by
Parent and converted into subordinated convertible debt of
Parent in accordance with Section 5.11(c) hereof; and
(ii) all other Company Convertible Securities shall be
converted into securities convertible into shares of Parent
Common Stock at the Exchange Ratio.

(f) 
Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.

The Exchange Ratio shall only be adjusted to reflect fully the
effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend
(including any dividend or distribution of securities
convertible into Parent Common Stock or Company Capital Stock),
reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or other like
change with respect to Parent Common Stock or Company Capital
Stock occurring after the date hereof and prior to the Effective
Time, so as to provide holders of Company Common Stock and
Parent the same economic effect as contemplated by this
Agreement prior to such stock split, reverse split, stock
dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, like change or
increase.

(g) 
Fractional Shares.
 No fraction of
a share of Parent Common Stock will be issued, but in lieu
thereof each holder of shares of Company Capital Stock who would
otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of Parent Common
Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Parent Common
Stock to be received by such holder) shall receive from Parent
an amount of cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent) equal to
the product of (i) such fraction, multiplied by
(ii) the average closing price per share of Parents
Common Stock as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market for the
twenty (20) trading days ending on the day which is two
days before the Closing Date (the 
Parent Stock
Price
), less any amount required to be withheld under
foreign, federal, state or local tax laws.

(h) 
Capital Stock of Merger Sub.
 At
the Effective Time, each share of common stock of Merger Sub
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be converted into and exchanged for one validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of Surviving
Corporation. Each stock certificate of Merger Sub evidencing
ownership of any such shares shall continue to evidence
ownership of such shares of capital stock of Surviving
Corporation.

1.7     
Surrender of
Certificates.

(a) 
Exchange
Agent.     
Parents transfer
agent, Mellon Investor Services LLC, shall act as the exchange
agent (the 
Exchange Agent
) in the Merger.

A-3



(b) 
Parent to Provide Common Stock and
Cash.
 As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective
Time, Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent for exchange
in accordance with this Article I, through such reasonable
procedures as Parent may adopt, (i) the shares of Parent
Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.6(b) (provided
that delivery of any shares that are subject to vesting shall be
in book entry form only until such vesting restrictions have
lapsed) in exchange for shares of Company Capital Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, and
(ii) cash in an amount sufficient to permit payment of cash
in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.6(g),
less any amounts required to be withheld from such cash under
foreign, federal, state or local laws.

(c) 
Exchange Procedures.

(i) As soon as reasonably practicable after
    the Effective Time, Parent shall cause to be mailed to each
    holder of record of a certificate or certificates (the

Certificates
) which immediately prior to the
    Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company Capital
    Stock, whose shares were converted into the right to receive
    shares of Parent Common Stock (and cash in lieu of fractional
    shares, less any amount required to be withheld from such cash
    under foreign, federal, state or local tax laws), (1) a
    letter of transmittal in customary form (which shall specify
    that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
    the Certificates shall pass, only upon receipt of the
    Certificates by the Exchange Agent, and shall be in such form
    and have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably
    specify), and (2) instructions for use in effecting the
    surrender of the Certificates in exchange for certificates (or
    book entries in the case of shares that have not yet vested)
    representing shares of Parent Common Stock (and cash in lieu of
    fractional shares, less any amount required to be withheld from
    such cash under foreign, federal, state or local tax laws).

(ii) Upon surrender of a Certificate for
    cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such other agent or
    agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter
    of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in
    accordance with the instructions thereto, (A) the holder of
    such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange
    therefor a certificate (or a book entry in the case of shares
    that have not yet vested in full) representing the number of
    whole shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of
    (i) the number of Company shares represented by such
    certificate multiplied by (ii) the Exchange Ratio, and, if
    applicable, payment in lieu of fractional shares which such
    holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 1.6(g),
    and (B) the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be
    canceled.

(iii) In the event that any Certificate
    shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
    affidavit of that fact by Company shareholder claiming such
    Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent
    will issue or cause to be issued to such Person in exchange for
    such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate, a new certificate
    into which the shares of such Persons Company Capital
    Stock that are converted on the Effective Date and/or, if
    applicable, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Person a
    check in respect of any fractional share interests or dividends
    or distributions, which such Person shall be entitled to receive
    pursuant to Section 1.6(g). When authorizing such issuance
    in exchange therefor, Parent and/or the Exchange Agent may, in
    its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance
    thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed
    Certificate to give Parent and/or the Exchange Agent a
    reasonable form of bond as indemnity, as it shall direct,
    against any claim that may be made against Parent or the
    Exchange Agent with respect to the Certificate alleged to have
    been lost, stolen or destroyed.

(d) 
Distributions With Respect to
Unexchanged Shares.
 No dividends or other distributions with
respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date after the
Effective Time will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
Certificate with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock
represented thereby until the holder of record of such
Certificate shall surrender such Certificate. Subject to
applicable law, following surrender of any such Certificate,
there shall be paid to the record holder of the Certificate
representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock issued in
exchange therefor, without interest, at the time of such
surrender, the amount of any such dividends or other
distributions with a record date after the Effective Time
theretofore payable (but for the provisions of this
Section 1.7(d)) with respect to such shares of Parent
Common Stock.

A-4



(e) 
Transfers of Ownership.
 If any
certificate for shares of Parent Common Stock is to be issued in
a name other than that in which the Certificate surrendered in
exchange therefor is registered, it will be a condition of the
issuance thereof that the Certificate so surrendered will be
properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and
that the Person requesting such exchange will have paid to the
Exchange Agent, Parent or any other agent designated by Parent,
as applicable, any transfer or other taxes required by reason of
the issuance of a certificate for shares of Parent Common Stock
in any name other than that of the registered holder of the
Certificate surrendered, or established to the satisfaction of
the Exchange Agent, Parent or any other agent designated by
Parent, as applicable, that such tax has been paid or is not
payable.

(f) 
No Liability.
 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 1.7, none of the
Exchange Agent, Parent, Surviving Corporation or any other party
hereto shall be liable to any Person for any amount properly
paid to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar law.

1.8     
No Further
Ownership Rights in Company Capital Stock.
 All shares of
Parent Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of
shares of Company Capital Stock in accordance with the terms
hereof (including any cash paid in lieu of fractional shares)
shall be deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all
rights pertaining to such shares of Company Capital Stock, and
after the Effective Time there shall be no further registration
of transfers on the records of Surviving Corporation of shares
of Company Capital Stock which were outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to Surviving Corporation for any
reason, they shall be exchanged and canceled as provided in this
Article I.

1.9     
Tax
Consequences.
 It is intended by the parties hereto that the
Merger shall constitute a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368 of the Code. The parties to this Agreement
hereby adopt this Agreement as a plan of
reorganization within the meaning of
sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United States
Treasury Regulations.

1.10     
Withholding
Rights.
 Parent and Surviving Corporation shall be entitled
to deduct and withhold from the number of shares of Parent
Common Stock otherwise deliverable under this Agreement, and
from any other payments made pursuant to this Agreement, such
amounts as Parent and Surviving Corporation are required to
deduct and withhold with respect to such delivery and payment
under the Code or any provision of state, local, provincial or
foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld,
such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this
Agreement as having been delivered and paid to the holder of
shares of Company Common Stock in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made by Parent and Surviving
Corporation.

1.11     
Taking of
Necessary Action; Further Action.
 If, at any time after the
Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to
carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest Surviving
Corporation with full right, title and possession to all assets,
property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Company,
the officers and directors of Company, Parent and Surviving
Corporation are fully authorized in the name of their respective
corporations or otherwise to take, and will take, all such
lawful and necessary action, so long as such action is not
inconsistent with this Agreement.

1.12     
Dissenters
Rights.
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, each share of Company Common Stock that is issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and that is
held by a Company shareholder who has properly demanded and
perfected such shareholders rights to dissent from the
Merger and to be paid the fair value of such shares in
accordance with Sections 11.65 and 11.70 of Illinois Law
(the 
Dissenting Shares
), shall not be
converted into the right to receive the Parent Common Stock, but
the holder thereof shall be entitled to such rights as are
granted by Illinois Law and Surviving Corporation shall make all
payments to the holders of such Dissenting Shares with respect
to such demands in accordance with Illinois Law; provided
however, that if any such holder shall, prior to or after the
Effective Time, have failed to perfect or shall have lost the
right to dissent and obtain payment for such holders
Dissenting Shares under the Illinois Law, each share of Company
Common Stock held by such holder shall thereupon be deemed to
have been converted into, as of the Effective Time, solely the
right to receive the Parent Common Stock. Company shall give
prompt written notice to Parent and Merger Sub of any demands
received by Company for payment under Sections 11.65 and
11.70 of the Illinois Law, and the Parent and

A-5



Merger Sub shall have the right to participate in
all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands.
Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of
Parent and Merger Sub, make any payment with respect to, settle,
or offer to settle, or offer to make any payment to settle, any
such demands, except that Company may make payments to settle
such demands provided that the per share settlement amount does
not exceed the closing market price per share of Companys
Common Stock as of the last day of trading prior to the
announcement of the Merger.

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

In this Agreement, any reference to any event,
change, condition or effect being 
material

with respect to any entity or group of entities means any
material event, change, condition or effect related to the
condition (financial or otherwise), properties, assets
(including intangible assets), liabilities, business, operations
or results of operations of such entity and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole.

In this Agreement, any reference to a

Company Material Adverse Effect
 means any
change, event or effect that is materially adverse to the
condition (financial or otherwise), properties, assets
(including intangible assets), liabilities, business, operations
or results of operations of Company and its subsidiaries, taken
as a whole; provided, however, that none of the following shall
be deemed in themselves, either alone or in combination, to
constitute, and none of the following shall be taken into
account in determining whether there has been or will be, a
Company Material Adverse Effect: (a) any change in the
market price or trading volume of Companys stock after the
date hereof; (b) any adverse change, effect, event,
occurrence, state of facts or development to the extent
attributable to the announcement or pendency of the Merger
(including any cancellation of or delays in customer orders, any
reduction in sales, any disruption in supplier, distributor,
partner or similar relationships or any loss of employees);
(c) any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of
facts or development attributable to conditions affecting the
industries as a whole in which Company participates, the U.S.
economy as a whole or the foreign economies as a whole in any
locations where Company or any of its Subsidiaries has material
operations or sales; or (d) any adverse change, effect,
event, occurrence, state of facts or development arising from or
relating to compliance with the terms of, or the taking of any
action required by, this Agreement; or (e) any litigation
or other Proceeding (as defined below) brought by any
shareholder, governmental entity or third-party competitor of
Company or Parent after the Execution Date that (x) is
brought or threatened against Company or any of its subsidiaries
or any member of its board of directors in respect of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or (y) in
the case of a third-party competitor is brought or threatened
against Company or any of its subsidiaries or any member of its
board of directors and is reasonably likely to have been brought
with the intended purpose or effect of preventing, enjoining,
materially altering or delaying or otherwise interfering with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (each a

Specified Proceeding
).

In this Agreement, any reference to a
partys 
knowledge 
means actual knowledge
of such partys officers and directors, provided that
officers shall have made reasonable due and diligent inquiry of
those employees of such party whom such officers reasonably
believe would have actual knowledge of the matters represented.

In this Agreement, any reference to a party
conducting its business or other affairs or taking any action in
the ordinary course of business means that such an
action taken by or on behalf of such party shall not be deemed
to have been taken in the 
ordinary course of
business 
unless such action is taken in the ordinary
course of such partys normal day to day operations and is
similar in nature and magnitude to actions customarily taken,
without any separate or special authorization.

In this Article II, any reference to Company
shall be deemed to include Company as well as any subsidiary of
Company whether or not so specified in the particular
representation or warranty.

Except as disclosed in a document of even date
herewith and attached to this Agreement and delivered by Company
to Parent prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and referring by section number to the representations and
warranties in this Agreement (the 
Company Disclosure
Schedule
), provided that

A-6



any disclosure shall qualify the disclosure under
the section number referred to in the Company Disclosure
Schedule as well as all other sections in this Agreement, when
it is reasonably apparent from a reading of such disclosure that
it also qualifies or applies to such other sections, provided
further that Company shall make all reasonable efforts to
specifically cross reference in the Company Disclosure Schedule
all sections where a particular disclosure qualifies or applies,
Company represents and warrants to Parent as follows:

2.1     
Organization,
Standing and Power.
 Each of Company and its subsidiaries is
a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization.
Each of Company and its subsidiaries has the corporate power to
own its properties and to carry on its business as now being
conducted and as currently proposed to be conducted and is duly
qualified to do business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified and in good
standing would have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Company
has delivered or made available a true and correct copy of the
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or other charter documents,
as applicable, of Company and each of its subsidiaries, each as
amended to date, to Parent. Neither Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is in violation of any of the provisions of its
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or equivalent organizational
documents. Company is the owner, directly or indirectly, of all
outstanding shares of capital stock of each of its subsidiaries
and all such shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC
Documents (as defined in Section 2.4(a) hereof), Company
does not directly or indirectly own any equity or similar
interest in, or any interest convertible or exchangeable or
exercisable for, any equity or similar interest in, any
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business
association or entity, excluding securities in any publicly
traded company held for investment by Company or any of it
subsidiaries in accordance with and pursuant to Companys
formal investment policy and comprising less than 5% of the
outstanding stock of such company.

2.2     
Capital
Structure.

(a) The authorized capital stock of Company
consists of (i) 60,000,000 shares of Common Stock, no
par value per share, of which there were 31,058,793 shares
issued and outstanding as of the close of business on the day
two days prior to the Execution Date; and (ii) 1,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock none of which are currently issued and
outstanding as of the Execution Date. On the Execution Date
there are, and as of the Effective Time there will be, no
outstanding commitments to issue any shares of capital stock or
voting securities, other than pursuant to the exercise of
Company Options under the Company Stock Option Plans or the
Company ESPP, pursuant to the exercise of Company Convertible
Securities, or pursuant to the conversion of the Company Notes,
in each case as outstanding as of the Execution Date, or as
otherwise specifically allowed pursuant to Section 4.2(e)
hereof.

(b) All outstanding shares of Company
Capital Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable and are free of any liens or encumbrances,
other than any liens or encumbrances created by or imposed upon
the holders thereof, and are not subject to preemptive rights or
rights of first refusal created by statute, the Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws of Company or any agreement to which
Company is a party or by which it is bound. All outstanding
shares of Company Capital Stock were issued in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable federal and state
securities laws. As of the date hereof, Company has reserved
(i) 1,500,000] shares of Common Stock for issuance to
employees pursuant to the Company 1991 Incentive Stock Option
Plan, as amended, of which 904,526 shares have been issued
pursuant to option exercises or direct stock purchases, 268,744
shares are subject to outstanding, unexercised options, and
326,730 shares are available for issuance thereunder;
(ii) 3,727,500 shares of Common Stock for issuance to
directors, employees and consultants pursuant to options assumed
in Companys merger with IPEC which were issued pursuant to
IPECs 1992 Stock Option Plan, as amended, of which
1,027,466 shares have been issued pursuant to option exercises
or direct stock purchases, and 797,105 shares are subject
to outstanding, unexercised options,
(iii) 5,300,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance to
directors and employees pursuant to the 1995 Stock Plan for
Employees and Directors of SpeedFam International, Inc., as
amended, of which 80,239 shares have been issued pursuant
to option exercises or direct stock purchases,
2,860,582 shares are subject to outstanding, unexercised
options, and 2,359,179 shares are available for issuance
thereunder; (iv) 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock for
issuance to directors, employees and consultants pursuant to the
2001 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan of which 44,636 shares
have been issued pursuant to option exercises or

A-7



direct stock purchases, 2,862,394 shares are
subject to outstanding, unexercised options, and
92,970 shares are available for issuance thereunder; and
(v) 1,907,884 shares of Common Stock for issuance
pursuant to the Company ESPP, of which 1,427,366 shares
have been issued. On the Execution Date, except for (i) the
rights created pursuant to this Agreement, the Company Stock
Option Plans, the Company ESPP, the Company Convertible
Securities and the Company Notes, and (ii) Companys
right to repurchase any unvested shares under the Company Stock
Option Plans or the stock option agreements thereunder, there
are no, and as of the Effective Time, there will be no, other
options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments or agreements of
any character to which Company is a party or by which it is
bound obligating Company to issue, deliver, sell, repurchase or
redeem, or cause to be issued, delivered, sold, repurchased or
redeemed, any shares of Company Capital Stock or obligating
Company to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of, change the
price of, or otherwise amend or enter into any such option,
warrant, call, right, commitment or agreement, except as may be
permitted under Section 4.2(e) hereof. Except for the
agreements contemplated by this Agreement and the agreements set
forth on 
Schedule 2.2(b)
to the Company Disclosure
Schedule, there are no contracts, commitments or agreements
relating to voting, purchase or sale of Company Capital Stock
(i) between or among Company and any of its securityholders
and (ii) to Companys knowledge, between or among any
of Companys securityholders.

(c) The terms of the Company Stock Option
Plans permit the assumption of the Company Options by Parent as
provided for in this Agreement, without the consent or approval
of the holders of the Company Options, the Company shareholders,
or otherwise, without any acceleration of the exercise schedule
or vesting provisions with respect to those options. The current

Offering Period, 
as defined in the Company
ESPP commenced under the Company ESPP on July 1, 2002 and
will end prior to the Effective Time as provided in this
Agreement, and except for the purchase rights granted on such
commencement date to participants in the current Purchase
Period, there are no other purchase rights or options
outstanding under the Company ESPP. Except as set forth on

Schedule 2.2(c), 
none of the outstanding Company
Options, Company Convertible Securities or Company Notes permit
any accelerated vesting or exercisability of those options,
securities or notes, as applicable, by reason of the Merger or
any other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. True and
complete copies of all agreements and instruments relating to or
issued under the Company Stock Option Plans, or otherwise
relating to the issuance of