URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/894315/000095015202007941/0000950152-02-007941.txt

1:		3300 ENTERPRISE PARKWAY
		CITY:			BEACHWOOD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2167555500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 ENTERPRISE PARKWAY
		CITY:			BEACHWOOD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44122

S-4

l96799bsv4.htm

DEVELOPERS DIVERSIFIED S-4

Developers Diversified S-4



As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on October 31, 2002

Registration
No. 333-            

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form S-4

REGISTRATION STATEMENT

UNDER

THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

Developers Diversified Realty
Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Ohio

34-1723097

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

    Incorporation or Organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial

    Classification Code Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

    Identification Number)

3300 Enterprise Parkway

    Beachwood, Ohio 44122

    (216) 755-5500

(Address, including zip code, and
    telephone number,

    including area code, of registrants principal executive
    offices)

Scott A. Wolstein, Chief Executive Officer

    and Chairman

    Developers Diversified Realty Corporation

    3300 Enterprise Parkway

    Beachwood, Ohio 44122

    (216) 755-5655

(Name, address, including zip
    code, and telephone

    number, including area code, of agent for service)

Copies to:

Albert T. Adams, Esq.

    Baker & Hostetler LLP

    3200 National City Center

    1900 East 9th Street

    Cleveland, Ohio 44114

    (216) 621-0200

John J. Kelley III, Esq.

    King & Spalding

    191 Peachtree Street, NE

    Atlanta, Georgia 30303

    (404) 572-4600

Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale
of the securities to the public: As soon as practicable after
the effective date of this Registration Statement.

If the securities being registered on this form
are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding
company and there is compliance with General Instruction G,
check the following box. [ ]

If this Form is filed to register additional
securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ]

If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the
same offering. [ ]

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

Proposed

Proposed

Title of Each Class of

Amount

Maximum

Maximum

Amount of

Securities to be

to be

Offering Price

Aggregate Offering

Registration

Registered

Registered(1)

Per Unit

Price

Fee

Common Shares, without par value

18,699,094

(2)

$

20.83(4

)

$

389,504,282(4

)

$

35,834(6

)

9 3/8% Cumulative Redeemable Voting
    Preferred Shares, without par value

2,000,000

(3)

$

25.21(5

)

$

50,420,000(5

)

$

4,638(7

)

(1) 

Represents the maximum number of common shares of
    Developers Diversified Realty Corporation, without par value
    (listed on the New York Stock Exchange with trading symbol
    DDR), and 9 3/8% Cumulative Redeemable Voting
    Preferred Shares of DDR, without par value (DDR intends to apply
    for a listing of these preferred shares on the New York Stock
    Exchange), respectively, that may be issued pursuant to the
    transactions described herein.



(2) 

The amount of DDR common shares to be registered
    is calculated as the product obtained by multiplying
    (a) the exchange ratio of 0.518 of a DDR common share,
    without par value, for each share of common stock of JDN Realty
    Corporation, $0.01 par value (listed on the New York Stock
    Exchange with trading symbol JDN), by (b)
    36,098,636, the aggregate number of shares of JDN common stock
    outstanding (including shares that may be issued pursuant to the
    exercise of options to purchase shares of JDN common stock and
    restricted shares) on October 29, 2002.

(3) 

Each share of JDN 9 3/8% Series A
    Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (listed on the New York
    Stock Exchange with symbol
    JDN

pa) will be
    cancelled and, by virtue of the merger, will be converted
    automatically into the right to receive one share of DDR
    9 3/8% Cumulative Redeemable Voting Preferred Shares,
    without par value. As of October 29, 2002, there were
    2,000,000 shares of JDN 9 3/8% Series A Cumulative
    Redeemable Preferred Stock outstanding.

(4) 

Pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1) and 457(c)
    promulgated under the Securities Act and estimated solely for
    purposes of calculating the registration fee, the proposed
    maximum aggregate offering price is $389,504,282, which equals
    the average of the high and low prices of the common stock of
    JDN, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on
    October 29, 2002, multiplied by the total number of shares
    of JDN common stock (including shares issuable pursuant to the
    exercise of options to purchase shares of JDN common stock and
    restricted shares) to be cancelled in the merger of a subsidiary
    of DDR (DDR Transitory Sub, Inc.) with and into JDN. The
    proposed maximum offering price per common share, without par
    value, of DDR is equal to the proposed maximum aggregate
    offering price determined in the manner described in the
    preceding sentence divided by the maximum number of DDR shares
    that could be issued in the merger based on an exchange ratio of
    0.518 (which equals 18,699,094 (see (2), above)).

(5) 

Pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1) and 457(c)
    promulgated under the Securities Act and estimated solely for
    purposes of calculating the registration fee, the proposed
    maximum aggregate offering price is $50,420,000, which equals
    the average of the high and low prices of the 9 3/8%
    Series A Cumulative Redeemable Voting Preferred Stock of
    JDN, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on
    October 29, 2002, multiplied by the total number of shares
    of JDN 9 3/8% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
    Stock to be cancelled in the merger of a subsidiary of DDR (DDR
    Transitory Sub, Inc.) with and into JDN. The proposed maximum
    offering price per preferred share, without par value, of DDR is
    equal to the proposed maximum aggregate offering price
    determined in the manner described in the preceding sentence
    divided by the total number of shares of JDN 9 3/8%
    Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock to be
    cancelled in the merger (which equals 2,000,000 shares (see (3),
    above)).

(6) 

Pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1) and 457(c) under
    the Securities Act, the registration fee has been calculated
    based on a price of $10.79 per share of JDN common stock,
    as calculated in (4) above.

(7) 

Pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1) and 457(c) under
    the Securities Act, the registration fee has been calculated
    based on a price of $25.21 per share of JDN 9 3/8%
    Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, as
    calculated in (5) above.

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its
effective date until the Registrant shall file a further
amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with
Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the
Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as
the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may
determine.





QUESTIONS & ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY

RISK FACTORS

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

THE COMPANIES

THE COMBINED COMPANY

THE DDR SPECIAL MEETING

DIRECTORS AND NOMINEE FOR ELECTION AT THE DDR SPECIAL MEETING

CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS OF DDR DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

THE JDN SPECIAL MEETING

THE MERGER

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE MERGER

APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS TO THE DDR ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

DESCRIPTION OF DDR COMMON SHARES

DESCRIPTION OF DDR PREFERRED SHARES

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF DDR SHAREHOLDERS AND JDN SHAREHOLDERS

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

OTHER MATTERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

WHAT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD RELY ON

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNEX A

ANNEX B

ANNEX C

ANNEX D

ANNEX E

ANNEX F

PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

SIGNATURES

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit 12.1  Ratio of Earnings

Exhibit 12.2  Ratio of Earnings

Exhibit 23.1  Consent of PriceWaterhouseCoopers

Exhibit 23.2  Consent of Ernst & Young LLP

Exhibit 23.9  Consent of Lazard Freres & Co. LLC



The information in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These
securities may not be sold until the registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective.
This joint proxy statement/prospectus is not an offer to sell
these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these
securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not
permitted.

MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS VERY
IMPORTANT

The board of directors of Developers Diversified
Realty Corporation (DDR) and the board of directors
of JDN Realty Corporation (JDN) have approved a
merger of a subsidiary of DDR with and into JDN resulting in JDN
becoming a majority-owned subsidiary of DDR. The boards of both
companies believe that the merger will be in the best interests
of all of their respective shareholders.

In the merger, JDN common shareholders will
receive common shares of DDR for each outstanding share of JDN
common stock based upon a fixed exchange ratio of 0.518 of a DDR
common share for each outstanding share of JDN common stock.
Cash will be paid instead of issuing fractional shares. Because
the merger consideration is fixed in DDR common shares, the
value of the consideration to be received by JDN common
shareholders in the merger will depend upon the market price of
DDR common shares at the time of the merger. DDR common shares
are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
DDR. On October 29, 2002, DDR common shares
closed at $21.29 per share.

In addition, each outstanding share of JDN
9 3/8% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock
(the JDN Series A Preferred Stock) will be
converted into one newly created DDR 9 3/8% Cumulative
Redeemable Voting Preferred Share (the DDR Voting
Preferred Shares).

After careful consideration, the boards of DDR
and JDN have determined that the merger is advisable and fair
to, and in the best interests of, their respective shareholders,
and each board recommends that their respective common
shareholders vote FOR approval of the merger agreement and the
merger.

The merger cannot be completed unless DDR and JDN
common shareholders approve the merger agreement and the merger
at the special meetings to be held by DDR and JDN and the DDR
common shareholders approve the amendment to the DDR articles of
incorporation to authorize the DDR Voting Preferred Shares.
Approval of the merger agreement and the merger, as well as the
amendment to the DDR articles of incorporation to authorize the
DDR Voting Preferred Shares, requires the affirmative vote of at
least a majority of the outstanding DDR common shares. The
merger agreement and the merger must be approved by holders of
at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of JDN common
stock. Whether or not you plan to attend your special meeting,
please take the time to vote by completing and mailing the
enclosed proxy card. If you are a JDN shareholder, you may also
vote through the Internet, or by telephone, in each case, as
instructed on your proxy card.

This document provides you with detailed
information about your special meeting and the proposed merger.
You also may obtain information from publicly available
documents filed by both companies with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or SEC.

DDR and JDN encourage you to read this entire
document carefully, including the section entitled Risk
Factors beginning on page 17.

The dates, times and places of the special
meetings are as follows:

For DDR:

For JDN:

,
    2002, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time

    The Bertram Inn & Conference Center

    600 North Aurora Road

    Aurora, Ohio 44202-0870

,
    2002, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time

    Offices of King & Spalding

    191 Peachtree Street

    Atlanta, Georgia 30303

Scott A. Wolstein

    Chief Executive Officer and

    Chairman of the Board

    Developers Diversified Realty Corporation

Craig Macnab

    Chief Executive Officer and

    Chairman of the Board

    JDN Realty Corporation

EACH VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN,
DATE AND RETURN YOUR PROXY.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved
of the securities to be issued in the merger or passed upon the
adequacy or accuracy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is
dated                  ,

and it is first being mailed on or
about                   ,
2002.



This joint proxy statement/prospectus
incorporates important business and financial information about
DDR and JDN that is not included in or delivered with this
document. If you are a shareholder of DDR or JDN, you can obtain
any of the documents incorporated by reference from DDR or JDN,
as the case may be, or through the SEC on the SECs web
site. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. Documents
incorporated by reference are available from the companies,
without charge, excluding all exhibits unless specifically
incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this document.
Shareholders of DDR or JDN may obtain documents incorporated by
reference in this document by requesting them in writing or by
telephone from the appropriate company at the following
addresses and telephone numbers:

Developers Diversified Realty Corporation

    3300 Enterprise Parkway

    Beachwood, Ohio 44122

    Attention: Michelle Mahue

    Telephone: 1-877-CALL-DDR

JDN Realty Corporation

    359 East Paces Ferry Road

    Suite 400

    Atlanta, Georgia 30305

    Attention: Charles N. Talbert

    Telephone: (404) 262-3252

If you would like to request documents, in
order to ensure timely delivery you must do so at least five
business days before the date of the special meetings. This
means you must request this information no later
than                     ,
2002. 
If you request any incorporated
documents, DDR or JDN will mail them to you by first class mail,
or another equally prompt means, within one business day after
it receives your request.

Also see Where You Can Find More
Information beginning on page 111 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.



Developers Diversified Realty Corporation

3300 Enterprise Parkway

Beachwood, Ohio 44122

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
SHAREHOLDERS

TO BE HELD
ON                                                   ,

A special meeting of shareholders of Developers
Diversified Realty Corporation, an Ohio corporation, will be
held at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time,
on                                ,
2002, at The Bertram Inn & Conference Center, 600 North
Aurora Road, Aurora, Ohio 44202-0870, for the following purposes:

1. 

To vote on the approval of the agreement and plan
    of merger, dated as of October 4, 2002, by and among DDR,
    JDN Realty Corporation, a Maryland corporation, and DDR
    Transitory Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and subsidiary of
    DDR, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to the accompanying
    joint proxy statement/prospectus, and the merger of DDR
    Transitory Sub, Inc. with and into JDN under the merger
    agreement.

2. 

To vote on a proposal to approve an amendment to
    the DDR articles of incorporation, authorizing and fixing the
    terms of 2,000,000 9 3/8% Cumulative Redeemable Voting
    Preferred Shares, without par value, to be issued to the holders
    of JDNs Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred
    Stock, $.01 par value per share, to be effected as part of the
    merger.

3. 

To fix the number of directors of DDR at 11.

4. 

To elect
    Mr.                     to
    the board of directors of DDR to serve as director until the
    next annual meeting of shareholders and until his successor is
    duly elected and qualified.

5. 

To vote on a proposal to approve an amendment to
    the DDR articles of incorporation that would increase the total
    number of authorized shares from 109,000,000 to 211,000,000 and
    the number of authorized common shares from 100,00,000 to
    200,000,000.

6. 

To transact any other business as may properly
    come before the special meeting or any adjournments or
    postponements.

Consummation of the merger is dependent upon the
approval by DDR shareholders of the merger and merger agreement
and the authorization of the DDR Voting Preferred Shares.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, DDR is obligated to nominate
Mr.                     for
election to the DDR board of directors, and in order to do so,
DDR must increase the size of its board to 11 members. If
the DDR shareholders fail to approve the proposal to increase
the size of DDRs board, JDN may waive DDRs
obligation in this regard. In that case, the merger would still
be consummated. The approval by DDRs shareholders to
increase DDRs number of authorized shares and the actual
election of
Mr.                     to
the DDR board of directors are not conditions to the completion
of the merger, and failure of DDRs shareholders to approve
either of the proposals would not affect consummation of the
merger.

Only holders of record of DDR common shares at
the close of business
on                                ,
2002 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special
meeting and any adjournments or postponements.

It is important that your common shares be
represented and voted at the meeting. If you do not plan to
attend the meeting and vote your common shares in person, please:

MARK, SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY RETURN your
enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope.

Any proxy may be revoked at any time before its
exercise at the meeting by giving notice to DDR before or at the
meeting.

By order of the DDR board of directors

Joan U. Allgood

Senior Vice President  Legal &
    Transactions and Secretary

                    ,

MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS VERY
IMPORTANT

The DDR board of directors has approved the
merger agreement and the merger of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. with
and into JDN and recommends that you vote to approve the merger
agreement and the merger and the amendment to the DDR articles
of incorporation to authorize the DDR Voting Preferred Shares,
as well as the other proposals included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.



JDN Realty Corporation

359 East Paces Ferry Road

Suite 400

Atlanta, Georgia 30305

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
SHAREHOLDERS

TO BE HELD
ON                ,

A special meeting of shareholders of JDN Realty
Corporation, a Maryland corporation, will be held at
10:00 a.m., Eastern Time,
on                     , 2002
at the Offices of King & Spalding, 191 Peachtree Street,
Atlanta, Georgia 30303, for the following purposes:

1. 

To consider and vote on the approval of the
    agreement and plan of merger, dated as of October 4, 2002,
    by and among Developers Diversified Realty Corporation, an Ohio
    corporation, JDN and DDR Transitory Sub, Inc., a Maryland
    corporation and subsidiary of DDR, a copy of which is attached
    as Annex A to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus,
    and the merger of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. with and into JDN
    under the merger agreement.

2. 

To transact any other business as may properly
    come before the special meeting or any adjournments or
    postponements.

Only holders of record of JDN common stock at the
close of business
on                     , 2002,
are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting
and any adjournments or postponements.

It is important that your common stock be
represented and voted at the meeting. If you do not plan to
attend the meeting and vote your common stock in person, please
vote in one of these ways:

 

MARK, SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY RETURN your
    enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope;

 

USE THE TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE NUMBER shown on your
    proxy card (this call is free in the U.S. and Canada); or

 

VISIT THE WEBSITE ADDRESS shown on your proxy
    card to vote through the Internet.

Any proxy may be revoked at any time before its
exercise at the meeting by giving notice to JDN before or at the
meeting.

Sincerely,

John D. Harris, Jr.

Senior Vice President,

Chief Financial Officer and

Corporate Secretary

                               ,

MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS VERY
IMPORTANT

The JDN board of directors has approved the
merger agreement and the merger of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. with
and into JDN and recommends that you vote to approve the merger
agreement and the merger.







i

QUESTIONS & ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

iii

SUMMARY

The Companies

The Combined Company

The DDR Special Meeting; Vote Required

The JDN Special Meeting; Vote Required

Recommendation of DDR Board

Opinion of DDRs Financial Advisor, Goldman,
    Sachs & Co.

Recommendation of JDN Board

Opinion of JDNs Investment Banker, Lazard
    Frres & Co. LLC

Directors and Executive Officers of DDR After the
    Merger

Conflicts of Interest of JDN Directors and
    Executive Officers

Regulatory Approvals

Accounting Treatment

Dissenters Rights

The Merger Agreement

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences Relating
    to the Merger

Amendments to the DDR Articles of Incorporation

Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data

Equivalent Per Share Data

Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
    Consolidated Financial Data

Comparative Per Share Market Price and Dividend
    Information

RISK FACTORS

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

THE COMPANIES

THE COMBINED COMPANY

THE DDR SPECIAL MEETING

DIRECTORS AND NOMINEE FOR ELECTION AT THE DDR
    SPECIAL MEETING

CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS OF DDR DIRECTORS AND
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

THE JDN SPECIAL MEETING

THE MERGER

Structure of the Merger

Background of the Merger

DDRs Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation
    of the DDR Board

Opinion of DDRs Financial Advisor, Goldman,
    Sachs & Co.

JDNs Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation
    of the JDN Board

Opinion of JDNs Investment Banker, Lazard
    Frres & Co. LLC

Directors and Executive Officers of DDR After the
    Merger

Conflicts of Interest of JDN Directors and
    Executive Officers in the Merger

Regulatory Approvals

Accounting Treatment

Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates

DDR Dissenters Rights

Shareholder Litigation

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING
    TO THE MERGER

APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS TO THE DDR ARTICLES OF
    INCORPORATION

Increase in Authorized Shares

Terms of DDR Voting Preferred Shares

Required Vote and DDR Board Recommendation

-i-



DESCRIPTION OF DDR COMMON SHARES

DESCRIPTION OF DDR PREFERRED SHARES

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF DDR SHAREHOLDERS AND JDN
    SHAREHOLDERS

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

OTHER MATTERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

WHAT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD RELY ON

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Annex A  Agreement and Plan of
    Merger dated as of October 4, 2002

A-1

Annex B  Opinion of Goldman, Sachs
    & Co. dated October 4, 2002.

B-1

Annex C  Opinion of Lazard
    Frres & Co. LLC dated October 4, 2002.

C-1

Annex D  Proposed Amendments to DDR
    Articles of Incorporation

D-1

Annex E  Section 1701.85 of
    the Ohio General Corporation Law

E-1

Annex F  Supplemental Information
    Related to Directors and Executive Officers of DDR

F-1

-ii-



QUESTIONS & ANSWERS ABOUT THE
MERGER

Q:

Why are DDR and JDN proposing the merger?

A:

The boards of both companies believe that the
    merger represents a strategic combination of two premier real
    estate organizations that will be in the best interests of all
    of their respective shareholders. Following the merger, DDR will
    own or manage 442 retail properties in 44 states comprising
    approximately 77 million square feet of gross leasable
    area, or GLA, which includes approximately 15 million
    square feet of total GLA attributable to JDN. In addition, DDR
    will acquire 21 properties comprising approximately seven
    million square feet of total GLA currently under development by
    JDN, as well as a development pipeline of 17 properties
    representing approximately three million square feet of total
    GLA. Upon completion of the transaction, DDR will have a total
    market capitalization of over $5.0 billion (including its pro
    rata portion of unconsolidated debt).

Q:

What will I receive in the merger?

A:

JDN Shareholders.
 In
    the merger, JDN common shareholders will receive 0.518 of a DDR
    common share for each outstanding share of JDN common stock,
    with cash being paid in lieu of any fractional DDR common
    shares. Each holder of outstanding JDN Series A Preferred
    Stock will receive one newly created DDR Voting Preferred Share
    for each such outstanding share. The DDR Voting Preferred Shares
    issued in the merger will have preferences, restrictions and
    limitations as to dividends, qualifications and redemption
    identical in all material respects to those of the shares of JDN
    Series A Preferred Stock and, in addition, will have the
    right to one vote per share on all matters on which holders of
    DDR common shares may vote.

DDR Shareholders.

    Each DDR common share or preferred share held by DDR
    shareholders will continue to represent one DDR common share or
    preferred share, as the case may be, after the merger.

Q:

What happens if the price of DDR common shares
    and/or JDN common stock changes before the closing of the merger?

A:

No change will be made to the 0.518 exchange
    ratio for common shareholders. Because the market value of DDR
    common shares will fluctuate before the closing of the merger,
    the value of the consideration that JDN common shareholders will
    receive in the merger will fluctuate as well. If the trading
    price of DDR common shares decreases, then the value received by
    JDN shareholders in the form of DDR common shares will decrease,
    and could be less than the value JDN shareholders would have
    received had the merger closed on October 4, 2002 or the
    date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:

What am I being asked to vote upon?

A:

JDN Common
    Shareholders.
 If you are a holder of
    JDN common stock, you are being asked to approve the merger
    agreement and the merger of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc., a
    subsidiary of DDR, with and into JDN, with JDN as the surviving
    corporation and as a majority-owned subsidiary of DDR. Approval
    of the merger agreement and the merger requires the affirmative
    vote of the holders of two-thirds of the issued and outstanding
    shares of JDN common stock.

The JDN board has adopted and approved the merger
    agreement and the merger of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. with and
    into JDN and recommends that JDN common shareholders vote FOR
    approval of the merger agreement and the merger.

Shareholders who owned JDNs common stock at
    the close of business
    on                     ,
    2002, the record date for the JDN special meeting, are entitled
    to vote at the JDN special meeting. On that record date, there
    were                               shares
    of JDN common stock outstanding.

DDR Common
    Shareholders.
 If you are a holder of
    DDR common shares, you are being asked to:

 

vote on proposals to approve the merger agreement
    and the merger;

-iii-



 

vote on a proposal to approve an amendment to the
    DDR articles of incorporation, authorizing and fixing the terms
    of 2,000,000 9 3/8% Cumulative Redeemable Voting Preferred
    Shares, without par value, to be issued to the holders of
    JDNs Series A Preferred Stock;

 

fix the number of DDR directors at 11;

 

elect
    Mr.                               to
    the DDR board of directors to serve as a director until the next
    annual meeting of shareholders and until his successor is duly
    elected and qualified; and

 

vote on a proposal to approve an amendment to
    DDRs articles of incorporation that would increase the
    number of total authorized shares from 109,000,000 to
    211,000,000 and the number of authorized common shares from
    100,000,000 to 200,000,000.

Approval of the merger agreement and the merger,
    the amendments to the DDR articles of incorporation to authorize
    the DDR Voting Preferred Shares and to increase the number of
    authorized shares, and the proposal to fix the number of
    directors at 11 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
    the issued and outstanding DDR common shares. With respect to
    the election of a director, if a quorum is present, the nominee
    receiving the greatest number of votes is elected as director.
    Mr.                               is
    expected to be the only nominee for director. DDR shareholders
    have the right to vote cumulatively in the election of
    directors; however, because only one proposed vacancy may be
    filled at the special meeting, cumulative voting would have no
    effect on the outcome of the election.

Consummation of the merger is dependent upon the
    approval by DDR shareholders of the merger and merger agreement
    and the authorization of the DDR Voting Preferred Shares.
    Pursuant to the merger agreement, DDR is obligated to nominate
    Mr.          for
    election to the DDR board of directors, and in order to do so,
    DDR must increase the size of its board to 11 members. If
    the DDR shareholders fail to approve the proposal to increase
    the size of DDRs board, JDN may waive DDRs
    obligation in this regard. In that case, the merger would still
    be consummated. The approval by DDRs shareholders to
    increase DDRs number of authorized shares and the actual
    election of
    Mr.           to
    the DDR board of directors are not conditions to the completion
    of the merger, and failure of DDRs shareholders to approve
    either of the proposals would not affect consummation of the
    merger.

The DDR board has adopted and approved the merger
    agreement and the merger of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. with and
    into JDN, and recommends that DDR common shareholders vote FOR
    approval of the merger agreement and the merger, FOR the
    proposal to fix the number of directors at 11, FOR the election
    of
    Mr.                               to
    the board of directors, and FOR approval of the amendments to
    the DDR articles of incorporation to create and authorize the
    DDR Voting Preferred Shares and to increase DDRs number of
    authorized shares.

Shareholders who owned DDR common shares at the
    close of business
    on                     ,
    2002, the record date for the DDR special meeting, are entitled
    to vote at the DDR special meeting. On that record date, there
    were                               common
    shares outstanding.

Q:

Can I change my vote after I have mailed my
    signed proxy card or voted by telephone or the Internet?

A:

Yes. You can change your vote at any time before
    your proxy is voted at the applicable shareholder meeting. You
    can do this in one of three ways. First, you can send a written
    notice stating that you revoke your proxy. Second, you can
    complete and submit a new proxy card, dated a later date than
    the first proxy card or vote again by telephone or the Internet
    if you are a JDN shareholder utilizing that method. Third, you
    can attend the appropriate meeting and vote in person. Your
    attendance at the shareholder meeting will not, however, by
    itself revoke your proxy. If you hold your shares in
    street name and have instructed your broker to vote
    your shares, you must follow directions received from your
    broker to change those instructions.

Q:

Do JDN common or preferred shareholders have
    dissenters rights?

A:

No. JDN is incorporated under Maryland law.
    Under Maryland law, because shares of JDN common stock and JDN
    Series A Preferred Shares are listed on a national
    securities exchange, holders of JDN

-iv-



common stock and JDN Series A Preferred
    Stock have no rights to dissent and receive the appraised value
    of their shares in the merger.

Q:

Do DDR common or preferred shareholders have
    dissenters rights?

A:

DDR common shareholders have dissenters
    rights, but DDR preferred shareholders do not. If the merger
    agreement is approved, a shareholder of DDR common shares
    objecting to the merger agreement may be entitled to seek relief
    as a dissenting shareholder under Section 1701.85 of the
    Ohio General Corporation Law. To perfect dissenters
    rights, a record shareholder must not vote his or her common
    shares in favor of the merger agreement and merger at the
    special meeting, must deliver a written demand for payment for
    the cash value of his or her common shares to DDR on or before
    the tenth day following the special meeting, and must otherwise
    comply with the statute. Any dissenting shareholder
    contemplating exercise of his or her dissenters rights is
    urged to read the summary of Section 1701.85 included herein in
    The Merger  DDR Dissenters Rights
    on page 59, to carefully review the provisions of
    Section 1701.85 attached as Annex E, and to consult an
    attorney, since failure to follow fully and precisely the
    procedural requirements of the statute may result in termination
    or waiver of such rights.

Q:

How soon after the special meetings will the
    merger occur?

A:

If the merger agreement and the merger are
    approved at both the DDR and JDN special meetings and DDR common
    shareholders approve the amendment to the DDR articles of
    incorporation to authorize and create the DDR Voting Preferred
    Shares, DDR and JDN anticipate that the merger will occur as
    soon as practicable after the special meetings.

Q:

If DDRs shareholders do not approve the
    proposals to increase the size of the DDR board of directors, to
    elect
    Mr.                               as
    a director of DDR, or to increase the authorized capital stock
    of DDR, will the merger be consummated?

A:

Yes. Consummation of the merger is dependent upon
    the approval by DDR shareholders of the merger and merger
    agreement and the authorization of the DDR Voting Preferred
    Shares. Pursuant to the merger agreement, DDR is obligated to
    nominate
    Mr.          for
    election to the DDR board of directors, and in order to do so,
    DDR must increase the size of its board to 11 members. If
    the DDR shareholders fail to approve the proposal to increase
    the size of DDRs board, JDN may waive DDRs
    obligation in this regard. In that case, the merger would still
    be consummated. The approval by DDRs shareholders to
    increase DDRs number of authorized shares and the actual
    election of
    Mr.           to
    the DDR board of directors are not conditions to the completion
    of the merger, and failure of DDRs shareholders to approve
    either of the proposals would not affect consummation of the
    merger.

Q:

Will I recognize taxable gain or loss as a result
    of the merger?

A:

The merger is intended to qualify as a
    reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
    Internal Revenue Code. If the merger so qualifies, no gain or
    loss will be recognized by JDNs shareholders or JDN as a
    result of the merger, except with respect to cash received in
    lieu of fractional shares. Whether or not the merger qualifies
    as a reorganization, neither JDN, DDR nor DDRs
    shareholders will recognize gain or loss as a result of the
    merger.

Tax matters are complicated, and the federal
    income tax consequences described above may not apply to some of
    JDNs shareholders. The tax consequences of the proposed
    merger to you will depend on the facts of your own situation.
    You should consult your own tax advisors for a full
    understanding of the tax consequences of the merger to you. See
    Material Federal Income Tax Consequences Relating to the
    Merger on page 76.

Q:

What will my dividends be before and after the
    merger?

A:

JDN may not pay dividends to its common
    shareholders until it has entered into a closing agreement with
    the Internal Revenue Service, in a form reasonably acceptable to
    DDR, confirming JDNs compliance with certain technical
    requirements for qualification as a REIT for the taxable year
    ended

-v-



December 31, 2000. In the event that JDN is
    required to make a payment to the Internal Revenue Service
    related to the closing agreement, JDN may only pay dividends in
    an amount equal to $0.27 per share for the fourth quarter of
    2002 and an amount equal to the DDR dividend per common share
    multiplied by the exchange ratio of 0.518 for each quarter in
    2003 prior to the quarter of closing of the merger, less the per
    share amount of the payment to the Internal Revenue Service and
    certain related fees and expenses. See Risk
    Factors  If JDN is not able to enter into a closing
    agreement with the Internal Revenue Service within the time
    permitted under the merger agreement or on terms reasonably
    satisfactory to DDR, DDR may choose not to consummate the
    merger, and may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to
    reimbursement of expenses on page 17.

Subject to the restrictions relating to the
    closing agreement with the Internal Revenue Service, for each
    quarter during 2003 prior to completion of the merger, holders
    of JDN common stock may only receive a dividend up to the amount
    of the DDR dividend per common share multiplied by the exchange
    ratio of 0.518.

After the completion of the merger, former
    holders of JDN common stock will receive the distributions
    payable to all holders of DDR common shares with a record date
    after the closing, and former JDN preferred shareholders will be
    entitled to receive the same cumulative distributions on the DDR
    Voting Preferred Shares that they were entitled to as holders of
    the JDN Series A Preferred Stock. Based on the exchange
    ratio for the merger consideration payable to JDN common
    shareholders in the merger and DDRs current quarterly
    distribution of $0.38 per common share, a JDN common shareholder
    would receive quarterly DDR distributions on a pro forma
    combined equivalent basis of approximately $0.20 per share for
    each share of JDN common stock exchanged. The current quarterly
    dividend paid by JDN on its common stock is $0.27 per share.
    Upon completion of the merger, JDN common shareholders will
    cease receiving any distributions or dividends on shares of JDN
    common stock and the JDN Series A Preferred Stock held
    before the merger other than any dividends declared before
    completion of the merger but not yet paid.

Dividends payable to DDR shareholders will be
    unaffected by the merger.

Q:

What should I do now?

A:

If you are a DDR or JDN common shareholder,
    indicate on your proxy card how you would like to vote, and sign
    and mail it in the enclosed postage-paid envelope as soon as
    possible so that your shares will be represented at your special
    meeting. If you are a JDN shareholder, you may also vote by
    telephone or Internet according to instructions on page 35.

If you sign and send in your proxy and do not
    indicate how you want to vote, your proxy will be voted in favor
    of the proposal to approve the merger agreement and the merger
    and, if you are a DDR common shareholder, also in favor of the
    proposal to approve the amendments to the DDR articles of
    incorporation to authorize the DDR Voting Preferred Shares and
    to increase the number of authorized shares, the proposal to fix
    the number of directors at 11 and the proposal to elect
    Mr.                               as
    a director. If you do not sign and send in your proxy or vote at
    your special meeting, or if you abstain, it will have the effect
    of a vote against approval of the merger agreement and the
    merger and, in the case of DDR common shareholders, against
    approval of the amendments to the DDR articles of incorporation
    and the proposal to fix the number of directors at 11.

If a quorum is present at the DDR special
    meeting, the nominee receiving the greatest number of votes will
    be elected as a director. Therefore, abstentions or broker
    non-votes will not be counted as votes for or against the
    election of
    Mr.                               to
    the DDR board of directors.

You can choose to attend your special meeting and
    vote your shares in person instead of completing and returning a
    proxy card. If you do complete and return a proxy card, you may
    change your vote at any time up to and including the time of the
    vote on the day of your special meeting by following the
    directions beginning on page 28 for DDR shareholders and
    beginning on page 36 for JDN shareholders.

-vi-



Q:

If my shares are held in street name
    by my broker, will my broker vote my shares for me?

A:

Your broker will vote your DDR or JDN common
    shares only if you instruct your broker how to vote by following
    the directions your broker provides. If you do not instruct your
    broker how to vote, your shares will not be voted and this will
    have the effect of voting against approval of the merger
    agreement and the merger and, in the case of DDR common
    shareholders, against approval of the amendments to the DDR
    articles of incorporation to authorize the DDR Voting Preferred
    Shares and to increase the number of authorized shares, and the
    proposal to fix the number of directors at 11. Because the
    nominee receiving the greatest number of votes will be elected
    as director, broker non-votes will not be counted as votes for
    or against the election of
    Mr.                               to
    the DDR board of directors.

Q:

Should I send in my JDN stock certificates now?

A:

No. After the merger, DDRs exchange
    agent will send to former JDN common and preferred shareholders
    a letter of transmittal explaining what you must do to exchange
    your JDN common or preferred stock certificates for the merger
    consideration payable to you.

If you are a DDR shareholder, you are not
    required to take any action regarding your DDR common share
    certificates.

Q:

Who can answer my questions?

A:

DDR Common
    Shareholders.
 DDR common shareholders
    who have questions about the merger or desire additional copies
    of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or additional proxy
    cards should contact:

Developers Diversified Realty Corporation

DDR Investor Relations

3300 Enterprise Parkway

Beachwood, Ohio 44122

Attention: Michelle Mahue

Telephone: 1-877-CALL-DDR

JDN Common and Preferred
    Shareholders.
 JDN common and preferred
    shareholders who have questions about the merger or desire
    additional copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or,
    with respect to JDN common shareholders, who desire additional
    proxy cards should contact:

JDN Realty Corporation

359 East Paces Ferry Road

Suite 400

Atlanta, Georgia 30305

Attention: Charles N. Talbert

Telephone: (404) 262-3252

-vii-



SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information
from this joint proxy statement/prospectus. It may not contain
all of the detailed information that may be important to you. To
understand the merger fully and for a more complete description
of the legal terms of the merger, you should read carefully this
entire document and the other documents to which it refers,
including the merger agreement, which is attached as
Annex A. For more information about DDR and JDN, see
Where You Can Find More Information beginning on
page 111. Each item in this summary refers to the pages
where that subject is discussed more fully.

The Companies

(see page 25)

Developers Diversified Realty Corporation

3300 Enterprise Parkway

Beachwood, Ohio 44122

1-877-CALL-DDR

DDR is a self-administered and self-managed real
estate investment trust, or REIT, that acquires, develops,
redevelops, owns, leases and manages shopping centers and
business centers. DDR believes that its portfolio of shopping
center properties is one of the largest (measured by amount of
total gross leasable area, or GLA) currently held by any
publicly traded REIT. Together with its predecessors, DDR has
developed and managed shopping centers since 1965.

As of September 30, 2002, DDR owned,
directly or through joint ventures, 192 shopping centers
containing approximately 40.3 million square feet that were
94.1% leased. In addition, DDR owns 38 business centers
aggregating approximately 4.5 million square feet. DDR also
manages six shopping centers containing approximately
1.0 million square feet for third parties. In addition,
there are designation rights to 117 properties and
leasehold interests owned by Service Merchandise aggregating
approximately 6.7 million square feet. DDRs shopping
center properties are located in 38 states, with significant
concentrations in Ohio, Florida, Missouri, California, Michigan,
South Carolina, Utah, Minnesota, North Carolina and Kansas.

DDRs investment objective is to increase
cash flow and the value of its portfolio of properties and to
seek continued growth through the selective acquisition,
development, redevelopment, renovation and expansion of
income-producing real estate properties, primarily shopping
centers. In pursuing DDRs investment objective, DDR will
continue to seek to acquire and develop high quality,
well-located shopping centers and business centers with
attractive initial yields and strong prospects for future cash
flow growth and capital appreciation.

JDN Realty Corporation

359 East Paces Ferry Road

Suite 400

Atlanta, Georgia 30305

(404) 262-3252

JDN is a publicly traded REIT specializing in the
development and asset management of retail shopping centers. As
of September 30, 2002, JDN owned and operated, either directly
or indirectly through an affiliated entity, 99 shopping center
properties containing approximately 11.4 million square
feet of GLA located in 19 states, with the highest
concentrations in Georgia, Wisconsin and Tennessee. The
principal tenants of JDNs properties include Lowes,
Wal-Mart and Kohls. As of September 30, 2002, JDN had
[14] projects under construction.

The Combined Company

(see page 25)

Upon completion of the merger, the separate
corporate existence of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. will cease and
JDN will continue as the surviving corporation and as a
majority-owned subsidiary of DDR. The



common and preferred shareholders of JDN will
become shareholders of DDR. The corporate existence of JDN, with
all its purposes, rights, privileges, franchises, powers and
objects, shall continue unaffected and unimpaired by the merger,
and, as the surviving corporation, it will be governed by the
laws of the State of Maryland. Subject to approval by DDRs
shareholders, DDRs board of directors will increase from
ten to 11 members, and JDNs board will be comprised of DDR
Transitory Sub, Inc.s directors until new directors are
duly elected.

Following the merger, DDR will own or manage 442
retail properties in 44 states comprising approximately
77 million square feet of GLA. In addition, DDR will
acquire 21 properties comprising approximately seven million
square feet of GLA currently under development by JDN, as well
as a development pipeline of 17 properties representing
approximately three million square feet of total GLA. Upon
completion of the transaction, DDR will have a total market
capitalization of over $5.0 billion (including its pro rata
portion of unconsolidated debt).

The DDR Special Meeting; Vote
Required

(see page 27)

The DDR special meeting will be held at The
Bertram Inn & Conference Center, 600 North Aurora Road,
Aurora, Ohio 44202-0870,
on                      ,
2002, at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time. It may be adjourned or
postponed to another date and/or place for proper purposes. At
the special meeting, holders of DDR common shares will be asked
to consider and vote upon proposals to approve the merger
agreement and the merger of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. with and
into JDN, to approve an amendment to DDRs articles of
incorporation to authorize the DDR Voting Preferred Shares, to
fix the number of DDR directors at 11, to elect
Mr.                               to
the DDR board of directors, and to approve an amendment to the
DDR articles of incorporation to increase the total number of
authorized shares to 211,000,000 and the number of authorized
common shares to 200,000,000, as described under Approval
of Amendments to the DDR Articles of Incorporation on
page 79. The DDR common shareholders also might be asked to
vote upon a proposal to adjourn the DDR special meeting for the
purpose, among others, of allowing additional time for the
solicitation of additional votes to approve the merger agreement
and the merger. Approval of the merger agreement and the merger,
the proposal to fix the number of directors at 11, and the
amendments to the DDR articles of incorporation to authorize the
DDR Voting Preferred Shares and to increase the number of
authorized shares require the affirmative vote of the holders of
at least a majority of the outstanding DDR common shares as of
the record date for the special meeting. With respect to the
election of a director, if a quorum is present, the nominee
receiving the greatest number of votes is elected as director.
Mr.                               is
expected to be the only nominee for director. DDR shareholders
have the right to vote cumulatively in the election of
directors; however, because only one proposed vacancy will be
filled at the special meeting , cumulative voting would have no
effect on the outcome of the election. As of the record
date,           %
of the DDR common shares entitled to vote at the DDR special
meeting was held by DDR directors, executive officers and their
affiliates. As of the record
date,           %
of the outstanding DDR common shares was subject to voting
agreements entered into between JDN and certain directors and
executive officers of DDR obligating such shareholders to vote
in favor of the merger, the merger agreement and the other
transactions contemplated thereby. The vote of DDR preferred
shareholders is not required for approval of any of the
proposals.

The JDN Special Meeting; Vote
Required

(see page 35)

The JDN special meeting will be held at the
offices of King & Spalding, 191 Peachtree
Street, Atlanta, Georgia 30303,
on                               ,
2002, at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time. It may be adjourned or
postponed to another date and/or place for proper purposes. At
the special meeting, holders of JDN common stock will be asked
to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the merger
agreement and the merger of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. with and
into JDN. The JDN common shareholders also may be asked to vote
upon a proposal to adjourn the JDN special meeting for the
purpose, among others, of allowing additional time for the
solicitation of additional votes to approve the merger agreement
and the merger. Approval of the merger agreement and the merger
requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
two-thirds of the shares of



JDN common stock entitled to vote at the JDN
special meeting and outstanding on the record
date,                     ,
2002. As of the record
date,           %
of the shares of JDN common stock entitled to vote at the JDN
special meeting was held by JDN directors, executive officers
and their affiliates. As of the record date,
approximately   % of JDNs outstanding common
stock was subject to voting agreements between DDR and certain
of JDNs directors and executive officers obligating such
shareholders to vote in favor of the merger, the merger
agreement and the other transactions contemplated thereby. The
vote of the holders of JDN Series A Preferred Stock is not
required for approval of the merger agreement and the merger.

Recommendation of DDR Board

(see page 44)

The DDR board of directors has adopted and
approved the merger agreement and the merger, has determined
that the merger agreement and the merger are advisable and fair
to, and in the best interests of, DDR and its shareholders, and
recommends that DDR common shareholders vote FOR approval of the
merger agreement and the merger, FOR approval of the amendments
to the DDR articles of incorporation to authorize the DDR Voting
Preferred Shares and to increase the number of authorized shares
described under Approval of Amendments to the DDR Articles
of Incorporation on page 79, FOR the proposal to fix
the number of directors at 11, and FOR the proposal to elect
Mr.                               to
the board of directors. DDR common shareholders also should
refer to the reasons the DDR board considered in determining
whether to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger
beginning on page 44.

Opinion of DDRs Financial Advisor,
Goldman, Sachs & Co.

(see page 45)

Goldman Sachs has delivered its written opinion
to DDRs board of directors to the effect that, as of
October 4, 2002, and based upon and subject to the factors
and assumptions set forth therein, the exchange ratio of 0.518
of a DDR common share to be issued in respect of each share of
JDN common stock is fair from a financial point of view to DDR.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman
Sachs, dated October 4, 2002, which sets forth the
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the
opinion, is attached as Annex B. Goldman Sachs provided its
opinion for the information and assistance of DDRs board
of directors in connection with its consideration of the merger.
The Goldman Sachs opinion is not a recommendation as to how any
holder of DDR common shares should vote with respect to the
merger. Holders of DDR common shares are urged to read the
opinion in its entirety.

Recommendation of JDN Board

(see page 51)

The JDN board of directors has unanimously
adopted and approved the merger agreement and the merger, has
determined that the merger agreement and the merger are
advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, JDN and its
shareholders and recommends that JDN common shareholders vote
FOR approval of the merger agreement and the merger. JDN common
shareholders also should refer to the reasons the JDN board
considered in determining whether to approve the merger
agreement and the merger beginning on page 51.

Opinion of JDNs Investment Banker,
Lazard Frres & Co. LLC

(see page 53)

Lazard Frres & Co. LLC has delivered
its written opinion to JDNs board of directors to the
effect that, as of October 4, 2002, and based upon and
subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in its opinion,
the exchange ratio of 0.518 of a DDR common share to be issued
for each share of JDN common stock is fair from a financial
point of view to the holders of JDN common stock, other than DDR
and its affiliates.

The full text of the written opinion of Lazard,
dated October 4, 2002, which sets forth assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as
Annex C. The Lazard opinion is not a recommendation as to
how any holder of JDN



common stock should vote with respect to the
transaction. Holders of JDN common stock are urged to read the
opinion in its entirety.

Directors and Executive Officers of DDR After
the Merger

(see page 57)

Following the merger, the current members of the
DDR board of directors will remain as directors of the combined
company. In addition, pursuant to the merger agreement, the DDR
board of directors has submitted a proposal to shareholders to
increase the size of the DDR board to 11 members and has
nominated
Mr.                               for
election to DDRs board of directors, effective as of the
time of the merger.
Mr.                               will
be renominated as a director at the 2003 annual meeting of DDR.
Following the merger, the current executive officers of DDR will
remain as executive officers of the combined company. No current
executive officers of JDN are expected to become executive
officers of DDR following the merger.

Conflicts of Interest of JDN Directors and
Executive Officers

(see page 58)

Certain directors and executive officers of JDN
have interests in the merger that differ from, or are in
addition to, the interests of JDN shareholders generally. These
interests include:

 

the vesting of options to purchase 129,624 shares
    of JDN common stock previously awarded to such directors and
    executive officers;

 

the vesting of 80,443 shares of restricted stock
    previously awarded to such directors and executive officers; and

 

payments pursuant to employment agreements or
    change of control agreements between JDN and certain of its
    directors and executive officers.

Regulatory Approvals

(see page 58)

No material federal or state regulatory
requirements must be complied with or approvals obtained by DDR
or JDN in connection with the merger.

Accounting Treatment

(see page 58)

The merger will be treated as a purchase for
financial accounting purposes. This means that DDR will record
the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their
estimated fair values at the time the merger is completed.

Dissenters Rights

(see page 59)

If the merger agreement is approved, a holder of
DDR common shares objecting to the merger agreement may be
entitled to seek relief as a dissenting shareholder under
Section 1701.85 of the Ohio General Corporation Law. To
perfect dissenters rights, a record shareholder must not
vote his or her common shares in favor of the merger and merger
agreement at the DDR special meeting, must deliver a written
demand for payment for the cash value of his or her common
shares to DDR on or before the tenth day following the special
meeting, and must otherwise comply with the statute. Any
dissenting shareholder contemplating exercise of his or her
dissenters rights is urged to read the summary of
Section 1701.85 included herein in The
Merger  DDR Dissenters Rights on
page 59, to carefully review the provisions of
Section 1701.85 attached as Annex E and to consult an
attorney, since failure to follow fully and precisely the
procedural requirements of the statute may result in termination
or waiver of such rights.

Shareholders of JDN do not have any
dissenters rights.



The Merger Agreement

(see page 60)

The merger agreement is attached to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. You should read the
merger agreement because it is the legal document that governs
the merger.

The merger agreement contemplates the merger of
DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. with and into JDN, with JDN as the
surviving corporation and as a majority-owned subsidiary of DDR.

Merger
Consideration

In the merger, holders of JDN common stock will
receive 0.518 of a DDR common share for each share of JDN common
stock. Holders of JDN Series A Preferred Stock will receive
a corresponding number of newly created DDR Voting Preferred
Shares.

No fractional shares will be issued in the
merger. Cash will be issued in lieu of fractional DDR common
shares upon surrender of a JDN certificate and to satisfy any
dividends or other cash distributions to which a JDN shareholder
is entitled.

Effective
Time of the Merger

DDR and JDN currently expect the merger to become
effective in
the                               quarter
of           ,
or as soon thereafter as practicable, if the conditions to the
merger are satisfied or waived.

Conditions to
the Merger

Completion of the merger depends upon meeting or
waiving a number of conditions including:

 

approval of the merger agreement, the merger and
    the amendment to the DDR articles of incorporation to authorize
    and fix the terms of the DDR Voting Preferred Shares by the
    shareholders of DDR;

 

approval of the merger agreement and the merger
    by the shareholders of JDN;

 

receipt of satisfactory legal opinions regarding
    DDRs and JDNs respective REIT status for federal
    income tax purposes and the treatment of the merger as a
    tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes;

 

continued accuracy of the respective
    representations and warranties and compliance with the covenants
    made by DDR and JDN in the merger agreement;

 

JDN and the Internal Revenue Service executing a
    closing agreement covering certain REIT qualification matters in
    a form reasonably acceptable to DDR; and

 

other customary closing conditions.

Where the law permits, DDR, on the one hand, or
JDN, on the other hand, could decide to complete the merger even
though one or more conditions were not satisfied. By law,
neither DDR nor JDN can waive:

 

the requirement that DDR and JDN common
    shareholders approve the merger and that DDR common shareholders
    approve the amendment to the DDR articles of incorporation to
    authorize the DDR Voting Preferred Shares to be effected as part
    of the merger; or

 

any court order or law preventing the closing of
    the merger.

Whether any of the other conditions would be
waived would depend on the facts and circumstances as determined
by the reasonable business judgment of the boards of directors
of DDR or JDN, as the case may be. If DDR or JDN waived
compliance with one or more of the other conditions and the
condition was deemed material to a vote of DDR or JDN common
shareholders, DDR or JDN, as the case may be, would have to
resolicit the approval by its shareholders before closing the
merger.



Termination

DDR and JDN can jointly agree to terminate the
merger agreement at any time, even if the shareholders of both
companies have approved the merger. In addition, either DDR or
JDN can decide, without the consent of the other, to terminate
the merger agreement if:

 

any order, decree, ruling or other action of a
    governmental entity permanently restraining, enjoining or
    otherwise prohibiting the merger has become final and
    non-appealable;

 

the merger has not been consummated by
    May 15, 2003; or

 

the required approval of the shareholders of
    either party has not been obtained at the applicable special
    meeting.

DDR may unilaterally terminate the merger
agreement if:

 

(1) the JDN board of directors has withdrawn
    or materially modified its recommendation of the merger
    agreement or the merger in a manner adverse to DDR or its
    shareholders or has resolved to do so; (2) the JDN board of
    directors has approved or recommended any acquisition proposal
    made by a person other than DDR; or (3) JDN has entered into a
    definitive agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal;

 

JDN has breached any of its representations,
    warranties or covenants contained in the merger agreement, which
    would lead to the failure of a condition to the consummation of
    the merger that is incapable of being cured prior to
    May 15, 2003; or

 

the aggregate amount of any payments in
    connection with JDNs closing agreement with the Internal
    Revenue Service exceeds the aggregate dividends that would have
    been permitted to be paid by JDN to its shareholders pursuant to
    the merger agreement.

JDN may unilaterally terminate the merger
agreement if:

 

DDR has breached any of its representations,
    warranties or covenants contained in the merger agreement, which
    would lead to the failure of a condition to the consummation of
    the merger that is incapable of being cured prior to
    May 15, 2003; or

 

the JDN board of directors has approved, and JDN
    has concurrently entered into, a definitive agreement for the
    implementation of a superior proposal, provided it is prior to
    approval of the merger agreement at the JDN special meeting, JDN
    has complied with the terms of the non-solicitation provisions
    in the merger agreement, and before terminating the merger
    agreement, JDN has paid to DDR the required termination fee.

Termination
Fees and Expenses

The merger agreement provides that, in several
circumstances, JDN may be required to pay to DDR a termination
fee of $16 million. In addition, the merger agreement
provides that each of DDR and JDN may be obligated under
specified circumstances to reimburse up to $4 million of
the other partys expenses, if the merger agreement is
terminated.

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences
Relating to the Merger

(see page 76)

The merger is conditioned upon DDR and JDN each
receiving legal opinions that the merger will qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code for federal income tax purposes. These
opinions will be based on, among other things, representations
made by both DDR and JDN. If any of these representations is
inaccurate, the tax consequences of the merger could differ from
those described below. An opinion of counsel represents
counsels best legal judgment and is not binding on the
Internal Revenue Service or any court. No ruling has been, or
will be, sought from the Internal Revenue Service as to the U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the merger.



JDN
Shareholders and JDN

If the merger is classified as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code, a holder of JDN common stock generally will not
recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes
on the exchange of JDN common stock for DDR common shares
(except for any cash received in lieu of a fractional share),
and a holder of JDN Series A Preferred Stock generally will
not recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax
purposes on the exchange of JDN preferred stock for DDR Voting
Preferred Shares. JDN will not recognize corporate-level gain or
loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the
merger, whether or not the merger qualifies as a reorganization.

DDR
Shareholders and DDR

DDR and holders of DDR common or preferred shares
will not recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.

Determining the actual tax consequences of the
merger to you as an individual taxpayer can be complicated. Your
tax treatment will depend on your specific situation and many
variables not within either companys control. You should
consult your tax advisor for a full understanding of the tax
consequences of the merger to you.

Amendments to the DDR Articles of
Incorporation

(see page 79)

As part of the merger, DDR common shareholders
will be asked to vote upon a proposal to amend the DDR articles
of incorporation to:

 

authorize and fix the terms of the DDR Voting
    Preferred Shares to be issued to holders of JDNs
    Series A Preferred Stock.

In addition, DDR shareholders are being asked to
vote on a proposal to amend the DDR articles of incorporation to:

 

increase the total number of authorized shares of
    DDR from 109,000,000 to 211,000,000, by increasing the number of
    authorized common shares from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000 and
    authorizing 2,000,000 DDR Voting Preferred Shares (assuming the
    above proposal is approved). The amendment would not change the
    authorized number of DDRs nonvoting preferred shares.

The DDR board of directors has determined that
the amendment to authorize the DDR Voting Preferred Shares to be
effected as part of the merger and the amendment to increase the
number of authorized shares are advisable and recommends that
DDR shareholders approve these amendments.

Consummation of the merger is dependent upon the
approval by DDR shareholders of the merger and merger agreement
and the authorization of the DDR Voting Preferred Shares.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, DDR is obligated to nominate
Mr.                               for
election to the DDR board of directors, and in order to do so,
DDR must increase the size of its board to 11 members. If the
DDR shareholders fail to approve the proposal to increase the
size of DDRs board, JDN may waive DDRs obligation in
this regard. In that case, the merger would still be
consummated. The approval by DDRs shareholders to increase
DDRs number of authorized shares and the actual election
of
Mr.                               to
the DDR board of directors are not conditions to the completion
of the merger, and failure of DDRs shareholders to approve
either of the proposals would not affect consummation of the
merger.



Selected Historical Consolidated Financial
Data

DDR

The following tables set forth selected
consolidated financial and operating information on a historical
basis for DDR. The selected operating data and certain other
data set forth below for the years ended December 31, 2001,
2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997, and the balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2001, 2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997 have been
derived from the historical consolidated financial statements of
DDR. The selected operating and other data at and for the six
months ended June 30, 2002 and 2001 have been derived from
the unaudited financial statements of DDR. The following
information should be read together with the consolidated
financial statements and financial statement notes of DDR
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Six Months Ended

June 30,

For the Years Ended December 31,

2002 (1)

2001 (1)

2001 (1)

2000 (1)

1999 (1)

1998 (1)

1997 (1)

(amounts in thousands, except per share data)

Operating Data:

Revenues (primarily real estate rentals)

$

171,744

$

151,019

$

318,317

$

284,639

$

262,827

$

226,541

$

167,678

Expenses:

Rental operation

53,576

45,283

98,216

81,962

70,626

59,878

47,259

Depreciation and amortization

38,626

28,000

63,705

53,427

49,328

42,229

31,609

Interest

38,211

40,835

81,152

76,340

67,451

56,673

34,984

Total

130,413

114,118

243,073

211,729

187,405

158,780

113,852

Income from operations

41,331

36,901

75,244

72,910

75,422

67,761

53,826

Equity in net income from joint ventures

17,617

9,355

17,010

17,072

18,993

12,461

10,807

Equity in net income from minority equity
    investment



1,550

1,550

6,224

5,720



Minority interests

(11,200

)

(10,443

)

(21,502

)

(19,593

)

(11,809

)

(3,312

)

(1,049

)

Gain (loss) on disposition of real estate
    and real estate investments

2,829

12,746

18,297

23,440

(1,664

)

3,526

Income from continuing operations before
    extraordinary item

50,577

50,109

90,599

100,053

86,662

78,048

67,110

Discontinued operations:

Income from discontinued operations

1,714

1,773

Loss on sale of real estate, net

(3,526

)













Total

(3,402

)

1,714

1,773

Income before extraordinary item

47,175

51,823

92,372

100,833

87,397

78,804

67,522

Extraordinary item (2)











(882

)



Net income

$

47,175

$

51,823

$

92,372

$

100,833

$

87,397

$

77,922

$

67,522

Net income applicable to common shareholders

$

33,098

$

38,193

$

65,110

$

73,571

$

60,135

$

57,969

$

53,322

Earnings per share data  Basic: (3)

Income from continuing operations before
    extraordinary item

$

0.58

$

0.67

$

1.15

$

1.30

$

0.98

$

1.02

$

1.02

Income from discontinued operations

(0.05

)

0.03

0.03

0.01

0.01

0.01

0.01

Extraordinary item (2)











(0.01

)



Net income applicable to common shareholders

$

0.53

$

0.70

$

1.18

$

1.31

$

0.99

$

1.02

$

1.03

Weighted average number of common shares

62,726

54,875

55,186

55,959

60,985

56,949

51,760

Earnings per share data  Diluted: (3)

Income from continuing operations before
    extraordinary item

$

0.57

$

0.66

$

1.14

$

1.30

$

0.94

$

0.99

$

1.02

Income from discontinued operations

(0.05

)

0.03

0.03

0.01

0.01

0.01

0.01

Extraordinary item (2)











(0.02

)



Net income applicable to common shareholders

$

0.52

$

0.69

$

1.17

$

1.31

$

0.95

$

0.98

$

1.03

Weighted average number of common shares

63,766

55,276

55,834

56,176

63,468

58,509

52,124

Cash dividend

$

0.76

$

0.74

$

1.48

$

1.44

$

1.40

$

1.31

$

1.26



As of June 30,

As of December 31,

(dollar amounts in thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:

Real estate (at cost) (1)

$

2,590,583

$

2,467,545

$

2,493,665

$

2,161,810

$

2,068,274

$

1,896,763

$

1,325,742

Real estate, net of accumulated depreciation

2,214,802

2,146,100

2,141,956

1,864,563

1,818,362

1,693,666

1,154,005

Advances to and investments in joint ventures

266,020

282,452

255,565

260,927

299,176

266,257

136,267

Total assets

2,592,167

2,518,651

2,497,207

2,332,021

2,320,860

2,126,524

1,391,918

Total debt

1,336,909

1,402,144

1,308,301

1,227,575

1,152,051

1,000,481

668,521

Shareholders equity

916,530

779,952

834,014

783,750

852,345

902,785

669,050

Other Data:

Cash flow provided from (used in):

Operating activities

$

84,244

$

81,220

$

174,326

$

146,272

$

152,930

$

140,078

$

94,393

Investing activities

(75,461

)

(41,567

)

(37,982

)

(20,579

)

(209,708

)

(538,289

)

(416,220

)

Financing activities

(16,143

)

(35,595

)

(121,518

)

(127,442

)

60,510

400,453

321,832

Ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and
    preferred dividends (6)

1.54

1.43

1.39

1.44

1.48

1.60

1.93

Funds From Operations: (4)

Net income applicable to common shareholders

$

33,098

$

38,193

$

65,110

$

73,571

$

60,135

$

57,969

$

53,322

Depreciation and amortization of real estate
    investments

38,208

27,808

63,200

52,974

49,137

42,408

31,869

Equity in net income from joint ventures

(17,617

)

(9,355

)

(17,010

)

(17,072

)

(18,993

)

(12,461

)

(10,807

)

Equity in net income from minority equity
    investment



(1,550

)

(1,550

)

(6,224

)

(5,720

)

(890

)



Joint ventures funds from operations

23,351

16,034

31,546

30,512

32,316

20,779

16,077

Minority equity investment funds from operations



6,448

6,448

14,856

12,965

1,493



Minority interests (OP Units)

1,531

4,126

6,541

3,069

Impairment charge and loss (gain) on
    disposition of depreciable real estate and real estate
    investments, net

3,526

(12,746

)

(16,688

)

(23,440

)

1,664

(248

)

(3,526

)

Impairment charge





2,895









Extraordinary item (2)













$

81,328

$

65,608

$

135,482

$

129,303

$

138,045

$

113,001

$

86,945

Weighted average number of common shares
    outstanding (diluted) (5)

64,892

56,372

56,957

59,037

62,309

62,501

55,502

(1) 

As described in the consolidated financial
    statements, DDR acquired four properties through June 30,
    2002, eight properties in 2001, of which seven were acquired
    through June 30, 2001 (all of which are owned through joint
    ventures), three properties in 2000 (two of which are owned
    through joint ventures), five properties in 1999 (two of which
    are owned through joint ventures), 41 properties in 1998 (five
    of which are owned through joint ventures) and eight properties
    in 1997 (one of which is owned through a joint venture). In
    addition, in conjunction with the American Industrial Properties
    REIT merger in 2001, DDR obtained ownership of 39 properties.
    DDR sold/transferred ten properties in 2001 (three of which were
    owned through joint ventures), nine properties and three
    Wal-Mart locations in 2000 (six of which were owned through
    joint ventures), four properties in 1999 (two of which were
    owned through joint ventures), 29 properties in 1998 (18 of
    which were owned through joint ventures) and one property in
    1997. All amounts have been presented to reflect DDRs
    adoption of SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or
    Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, which was adopted by DDR on
    January 1, 2002. In accordance with that standard,
    long-lived assets that were sold or are classified as held for
    sale as a result of disposal activities initiated subsequent to
    December 31, 2001 have been classified as discontinued
    operations for all periods presented.

(2) 

In 1998, the extraordinary charge relates
    primarily to the write-off of deferred finance costs.

(3) 

Effective August 3, 1998, DDR effected a
    two-for-one stock split for shareholders of record on
    July 27, 1998. Earnings per share data has been adjusted to
    reflect the adoption of SFAS 128.

(4) 

Industry analysts generally consider funds from
    operations, or FFO, to be an appropriate measure of the
    performance of an equity REIT. FFO does not represent cash
    generated from operating activities in accordance with generally
    accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, and is not necessarily
    indicative of cash available to fund cash needs and should not
    be considered as an alternative to net income as an indicator of
    DDRs operating performance or as an alternative to cash
    flows as a measure of liquidity. FFO is defined generally as net
    income applicable to common shareholders excluding gains
    (losses) on sales of depreciable properties and securities,
    extraordinary items, adjusting for certain noncash items,
    principally real property depreciation, equity income
    (loss) from its joint ventures and minority equity
    investment and adding DDRs proportionate share of FFO of
    its unconsolidated joint ventures and minority equity
    investment, determined on a consistent basis. Other companies
    may calculate FFO in a different manner.

(5) 

Represents weighted average shares and operating
    partnership units, or OP Units, at the end of the respective
    period.

(6) 

Fixed charges include interest expense, ground
    rent and preferred dividends. Earnings are adjusted for
    capitalized interest, preferred dividends and income from equity
    affiliates. The components of the ratio exclude discontinued
    operations.



JDN

The following tables set forth selected
consolidated financial and operating information on a historical
basis for JDN. The selected operating data and certain other
data set forth below for the years ended December 31, 2001,
2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997, and the balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2001, 2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997 have been
derived from the historical audited consolidated financial
statements of JDN. The selected operating and other data at and
for the six months ended June 30, 2002 and 2001 have been
derived from the unaudited financial statements of JDN. The
following information should be read together with the
consolidated financial statements and financial statement notes
of JDN incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Six Months Ended

June 30,

For the Years Ended December 31,

(dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Operating Data: (1)

Minimum and percentage rents

$

43,222

$

43,788

$

85,470

$

89,304

$

92,335

$

70,911

$

43,068

Recoveries from tenants

7,745

7,323

14,602

12,569

13,163

9,974

4,483

Other revenue

3,259

1,907

Total revenues

54,226

51,815

100,953

103,780

105,566

81,002

47,698

Operating and maintenance expenses

4,912

5,380

10,189

8,610

8,310

6,423

3,186

Real estate taxes

4,757

3,749

8,263

6,571

6,919

5,296

2,519

General and administrative expenses

5,803

6,102

11,341

8,677

8,170

7,105

4,265

Corporate investigation and legal costs



3,159







Severance expense







3,711







Impairment losses

1,841

18,882





Depreciation and amortization

10,572

10,588

21,016

20,262

21,939

16,748

10,048

Settlement expense



47,610

45,788



5,610





Total expenses

26,244

74,867

99,420

69,872

51,038

35,572

20,018

Income (loss) from operations

27,982

(23,052

)

1,533

33,908

54,528

45,430

27,680

Interest expense, net

(15,759

)

(16,215

)

(30,523

)

(25,520

)

(18,423

)

(9,454

)

(4,856

)

Income (loss) from continuing operations

12,357

(27,680

)

(3,971

)

21,882

52,535

40,483

25,300

Discontinued operations

2,087

1,729

1,615

Extraordinary item



(1,608

)

(1,608

)







(5,940

)

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle

(172

)

(280

)

(280

)









Net income (loss)

$

14,272

$

(28,578

)

$

(4,130

)

$

23,497

$

53,051

$

40,680

$

19,549

Net income (loss) attributable to common
    shareholders

$

11,928

$

(30,922

)

$

(8,818

)

$

18,809

$

48,363

$

39,339

$

19,549

Per Share Data: (2)

Income (loss) per common share 
    basic:

Income (loss) from continuing operations

$

0.29

$

(0.92

)

$

(0.26

)

$

0.53

$

1.44

$

1.27

$

1.10

Discontinued operations

0.06

0.03

0.05

0.05

0.02

0.01

0.01

Extraordinary item



(0.05

)

(0.05

)







(0.26

)

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle

(0.01

)

(0.01

)

(0.01

)









Net income (loss) per common share

$

0.34

$

(0.95

)

$

(0.27

)

$

0.58

$

1.46

$

1.28

$

0.85

Income (loss) per common share 
    diluted:

Income (loss) from continuing operations

$

0.29

$

(0.92

)

$

(0.26

)

$

0.53

$

1.42

$

1.25

$

1.07

Discontinued operations

0.06

0.03

0.05

0.05

0.02

0.01

0.01

Extraordinary item



(0.05

)

(0.05

)







(0.25

)

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle

(0.01

)

(0.01

)

(0.01

)









Net income (loss) per common share

$

0.34

$

(0.95

)

$

(0.27

)

$

0.58

$

1.44

$

1.26

$

0.83

Dividends per common share

$

0.54

$

0.60

$

1.14

$

1.30

$

1.55

$

1.41

$

1.32



Six Months Ended

June 30,

For the Years Ended December 31,

(dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Other Data:

Funds from operations (3)

Net income (loss) attributable to common
    shareholders

$

11,928

$

(30,922

)

$

(8,818

)

$

18,809

$

48,363

$

39,339

$

19,549

Depreciation of real estate assets

9,784

9,949

19,726

19,181

20,739

15,854

9,497

Amortization of tenant allowances and tenant
    improvements

Amortization of deferred leasing costs

Impairment losses on shopping centers



15,409





Net (gain) loss on operating real estate
    sales



(9,280

)

(16,686

)

(14,712

)

(18,627

)

(379

)

Gain on disposal of depreciated properties, net
    of impairment loss

(528

)













Extraordinary item



1,608

1,608







5,940

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
    principle









Adjustments related to activities in
    unconsolidated entities

(1,764

)

$

22,485

$

(27,406

)

$

(1,566

)

$

37,745

$

52,193

$

56,135

$

35,957

Cash provided by (used in)

Operating activities

$

18,964

$

23,712

$

36,520

$

52,656

$

58,796

$

56,060

$

41,577

Investing activities

(30,311

)

(4,889

)

19,772

(33,698

)

(148,368

)

(352,096

)

(204,578

)

Financing activities

11,347

(28,100

)

(65,569

)

(11,757

)

91,648

284,597

171,731

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges

1.27

(1.00

)(4)

0.03

(5)

0.95

(6)

1.72

2.38

2.48

As of June 30,

As of December 31,

(dollar amounts in thousands)

Supplemental Data:

Shopping center properties

Gross leasable area (square feet in thousands)

11,323

11,421

11,148

11,857

12,945

12,098

8,327

Percent of gross leasable area leased

92.7

%

94.2

%

94.4

%

95.6

%

95.2

%

96.4

%

97.1

%

Balance Sheet Data:

Shopping center properties before accumulated
    depreciation

$

1,112,665

$

1,134,202

$

1,102,539

$

879,715

$

962,897

$

844,041

$

533,133

Shopping center properties, net

1,033,375

1,046,468

1,014,387

799,602

891,346

787,948

494,827

Total assets

1,085,921

1,095,353

1,065,463

1,083,963

1,116,795

965,171

596,660

Unsecured debt

234,790

234,728

234,759

234,697

469,635

383,092

203,011

Total debt

594,867

577,606

561,121

574,141

570,882

425,563

216,602

Total liabilities and minority interest

631,090

659,531

605,944

597,354

600,966

450,877

228,166

Shareholders equity

454,831

435,822

459,519

486,609

515,829

514,294

368,494

(1) 

All amounts have been presented to reflect
    JDNs adoption of SFAS 144, Accounting for the
    Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, which was adopted
    by JDN on January 1, 2002. In accordance with that
    standard, long-lived assets that were sold or are classified as
    held for sale as a result of disposal activities initiated
    subsequent to December 31, 2001 have been classified as
    discontinued operations for all periods presented.

(2) 

Earnings per share amounts prior to 1998 have
    been restated to reflect a 3-for-2 common stock split effected
    in the form of a stock dividend in June 1998.

(3) 

Funds from operations is defined by the National
    Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. to mean net
    income, computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or
    losses from debt restructuring, sales of depreciable property,
    cumulative effect of change in accounting principle and results
    of discontinued operations not related to real estate assets
    sold, transferred or held for sale, plus depreciation and
    amortization of real estate assets, and after adjustments for
    unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. JDN believes
    that FFO is helpful to investors as a measure of the performance
    of an equity REIT because, along with cash provided by operating
    activities, investing activities and financing activities, it
    provides investors with an indication of JDNs ability to
    make capital expenditures and to fund other cash needs.
    JDNs method of calculating FFO may be different from
    methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be
    comparable to such other REITs. FFO does not represent cash
    provided by operating activities, as defined by GAAP, should not
    be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in
    accordance with GAAP) as an indication of operating performance
    and is not indicative of cash available to fund all cash flow
    needs, including JDNs ability to make cash distributions.

(4) 

Due to settlement expense of $47,610 in the six
    months ended June 30, 2001, earnings fell short of a
    onetoone coverage of fixed charges by $46,141.

(5) 

Due to settlement expense of $45,788 in 2001,
    earnings fell short of a onetoone coverage of fixed
    charges by $42,893.

(6) 

Due to impairment losses of $18,882 in 2000,
    earnings fell short of a onetoone coverage of fixed
    charges by $2,273.



Equivalent Per Share Data

The following tables set forth a summary of per
common share information for DDR and JDN on a historical basis,
pro forma combined basis and pro forma combined equivalent
basis. The pro forma combined amounts are based on applying the
purchase method of accounting for the merger and also include
certain other transactions of DDR as described in Note
(a) to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus. The JDN per common share pro forma
combined equivalents are calculated by multiplying the pro forma
combined per common share amounts by the common stock exchange
ratio of 0.518 to be paid by DDR per share of JDN common stock
in the merger.

The pro forma financial information should be
read together with the historical and pro forma financial
statements of DDR and JDN included or incorporated by reference
in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus. See Where You
Can Find More Information beginning on page 111.

For the Six

For the Year

Months Ended

Ended

June 30, 2002

December 31, 2001

Basic

Diluted

Basic

Diluted

Net income (loss) per common share before
    discontinued operations, extraordinary items and cumulative
    effect of a change in accounting principle:

DDR

$

0.58

$

0.57

$

1.15

$

1.14

JDN

$

0.29

$

0.29

$

(0.26

)

$

(0.26

)

DDR and JDN pro forma combined

$

0.69

$

0.69

$

1.01

$

1.00

JDN pro forma combined equivalent

$

0.36

$

0.36

$

0.52

$

0.52

For the Six

For the Year

Months Ended

Ended

June 30, 2002

December 31, 2001

Cash dividends declared per common
    share:

DDR

$

0.76

$

1.48

JDN

$

0.54

$

1.14

DDR and JDN pro forma combined

$

0.76

$

1.48

JDN pro forma combined equivalent

$

0.39

$

0.77

Shareholders equity (book value) per
    common share (end of period):

DDR

$

9.44

$

8.92

JDN

$

11.63

$

11.77

DDR pro forma combined

$

12.00

*

JDN pro forma combined equivalent

$

6.22

*

* 

Not presented.



Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Consolidated Financial Data

The following table sets forth the summary
unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial data for
DDR and JDN as a combined entity, giving effect to the merger as
if it had occurred on the dates indicated and after giving
effect to the pro forma adjustments. The unaudited pro forma
condensed consolidated operating data are presented as if the
merger had been consummated on January 1, 2001. The
unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated balance sheet data at
June 30, 2002 is presented as if the merger had been
consummated on June 30, 2002. The pro forma amounts also include
certain other transactions of DDR as described in Note
(a) to the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
(i) balance sheet as of June 30, 2002,
(ii) statement of operations for the period ended
June 30, 2002, and (iii) statement of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2001. In the opinion of
management of DDR, all adjustments necessary to reflect the
effects of these transactions have been made. The merger will be
accounted for under the purchase method of accounting as
provided by Financial Accounting Standard Board No. 141.

The pro forma financial information should be
read together with the respective historical audited
consolidated financial statements and financial statement notes
of DDR and JDN incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus. See Where You Can Find More
Information on page 111. The unaudited pro forma
operating data are presented for informational purposes only and
are not necessarily indicative of what the actual combined
results of operations of DDR and JDN would have been for the
periods presented, nor do these data purport to represent the
results of future periods. See Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Pro Forma

Pro Forma

for the Six

For the Year

Months Ended

Ended

June 30, 2002

December 31, 2001

(in thousands, except per share data)

Operating Data:

Revenues from rental properties

$

224,276

$

428,946

Management fees and other income

17,539

29,196

241,815

458,142

Operating and maintenance

26,473

48,839

Real estate taxes

27,787

49,915

Depreciation and amortization

50,656

88,649

General and administrative

19,234

35,816

Interest

52,836

110,233

Impairment charges

4,736

Settlement expense and other

1,494

46,749

178,680

384,937

Income before equity in net income of joint
    ventures and minority equity investment, gain on disposition of
    real estate and real estate investments, minority interests and
    discontinued operations

63,135

73,205

Equity in net income of joint ventures

16,951

15,447

Equity in net income of minority
    equity investment



1,550

Gain on disposition of real estate and real
    estate investments

4,278

43,614

Minority interests

(11,303

)

(21,717

)

Income from continuing operations

73,061

112,099

Preferred dividends

(15,325

)

(30,650

)

Income applicable to common shareholders from
    continuing operations

$

57,736

$

81,449



Pro Forma

Pro Forma

for the Six

For the Year

Months Ended

Ended

June 30, 2002

December 31, 2001

(in thousands, except per share data)

Per share data:

Basic earnings per share data:

Income applicable to common shareholders from
    continuing operations

$

0.69

$

1.01

Diluted earnings per share data:

Income applicable to common shareholders from
    continuing operations

$

0.69

$

1.00

Weighted average number of common shares:

Basic

83,140

80,769

Diluted

84,180

81,417

Pro forma Balance Sheet Data:

As of

June 30, 2002

(in thousands)

Real estate, net

$

3,450,604

Total assets

$

3,919,557

Total debt

$

2,181,480

Total liabilities

$

2,319,703

Minority interests

$

250,273

Shareholders equity

$

1,349,581



Comparative Per Share Market Price and
Dividend Information

The following table sets forth the range of the
reported high and low closing per share sale prices of DDR and
JDN common shares as shown on the New York Stock Exchange, or
NYSE, as well as the per share dividends declared on those
shares, for the calendar quarters indicated.

DDR

JDN

Common Shares

Common Stock

High

Low

Dividends

High

Low

Dividends

First Quarter

$

13.875

$

11.00

$

0.36

$

18.06

$

8.00

$

0.40

Second Quarter

15.875

13.50

0.36

13.00

8.00

0.30

Third Quarter

16.25

12.75

0.36

12.00

10.00

0.30

Fourth Quarter

13.75

11.625

0.36

11.63

9.00

0.30

First Quarter

$

15.20

$

12.875

$

0.37

$

13.04

$

10.50

$

0.30

Second Quarter

18.60

14.23

0.37

13.60

11.17

0.30

Third Quarter

19.22

15.76

0.37

13.64

10.30

0.27

Fourth Quarter

19.38

17.16

0.37

12.85

10.21

0.27

First Quarter

$

21.70

$

17.97

$

0.38

$

12.98

$

11.59

$

0.27

Second Quarter

23.65

20.70

0.38

12.67

11.70

0.27

Third Quarter

23.18

17.25

0.38

12.74

10.56

0.27

Fourth Quarter (through October 29, 2002)

22.05

19.49

N/A

12.29

10.01

N/A

The following table sets forth the closing price
per DDR and JDN common share as reported on the NYSE on
October 4, 2002, the last full trading day before DDR and
JDN announced the proposed merger, and on October 29, 2002,
the last full trading day before the date of this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus. This table also shows the implied value
of one JDN share, which was calculated by multiplying the
closing price per DDR common share on those dates by 0.518.

Implied Value of

One Share of

JDN

DDR

JDN

Common Stock

Common Shares

Common Stock

October 4, 2002

$

11.84

$

21.13

$

10.95

October 29, 2002

$

10.94

$

21.29

$

11.03

DDR and JDN encourage you to obtain current
market quotations for DDR and JDN common shares. Based on the
closing per share sale price of DDR common shares as of
October 29, 2002, the value of the DDR common shares to be
received by all of the JDN shareholders in connection with the
merger (assuming the exercise of all outstanding options) is
approximately $398,167,951.

DDR intends to list the DDR common shares and DDR
Voting Preferred Shares that JDN shareholders will receive in
the merger on the NYSE.

The approximate number of record holders of DDR
common shares on October 17, 2002, was 1,660 and the
approximate number of beneficial owners of such shares was
approximately 48,000. On October 18, 2002, there were
approximately 2,902 holders of record of JDNs common stock
and approximately 12,730 beneficial holders.

DDR intends to continue to declare quarterly
dividends on DDR common shares. However, no assurances can be
made as to the amounts of future dividends, since such dividends
are subject to DDRs cash flow from operations, earnings,
financial condition, capital requirements and other such factors
as the DDR board of directors considers relevant. DDR is
required to distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income.
The amount of cash available for dividends is impacted by
capital expenditures and debt service requirements to the extent
that DDR was to fund such items out of cash flow from operations.



Prior to completion of the merger, JDN intends to
pay regular quarterly dividends to common shareholders, subject
to limitations set forth in the merger agreement. Future
dividends will be declared and paid at the sole discretion of
the JDN board of directors and will depend upon cash generated
by operating activities, JDNs financial condition, capital
requirements, annual distribution requirements under the REIT
provisions of the Code, distributions to JDNs preferred
shareholders, restrictions imposed by JDNs credit
agreements and the merger agreement and such other factors as
the JDN board of directors deems relevant.

Distributions by JDN to the extent of its current
and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax
purposes are taxable to shareholders as ordinary dividend
income. Distributions in excess of earnings and profits
generally are treated as a non-taxable return of capital. Such
distributions have the effect of deferring taxation until the
sale of a shareholders common stock. In order to maintain
its qualification as a REIT, JDN must make annual distributions
to shareholders of at least 90% of its REIT taxable income.
Under certain circumstances, which management does not expect to
occur, JDN could be required to make distributions in excess of
cash available for distributions in order to meet such
requirements. JDN has agreed in its secured credit facility not
to purchase or finance the purchase of its common or preferred
equity securities (except, in the case of its common stock, as
may be required to fund employee benefit plans in the ordinary
course of business or to satisfy the requirements of stock
option plans) or debt securities, or to make any voluntary
prepayment of such debt securities other than with proceeds of
the sale of shopping center properties not included in the
borrowing base properties (as defined in JDNs secured
credit facility). In addition JDNs secured credit facility
restricts the amount of distributions to common shareholders to
95% of FFO subject to certain exceptions, including additional
distributions necessary to maintain JDNs REIT status.



RISK FACTORS

In addition to the risks relating to the
businesses of DDR and JDN, which are incorporated by reference
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus from DDRs Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 8,
2002, and JDNs Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
the SEC on March 22, 2002, and the other information
included in this document, including the matters addressed in
Forward-Looking Statements on page 24, you
should carefully consider the following material risk factors to
the merger in determining whether to vote in favor of the
approval of the merger agreement and the merger.

DDR and JDN have agreed to a fixed exchange
ratio, and as a result JDN common shareholders may receive DDR
common shares in the merger with a market value lower than
expected.

The exchange ratio of 0.518 of a DDR common share
for each share of JDN common stock was fixed at the time of the
signing of the merger agreement and is not subject to adjustment
based on changes in the trading price of DDR common shares or
JDN common stock before the closing of the merger. The market
price of DDR common shares at the time of the merger may vary
significantly from the price on the date of signing of the
merger agreement or from the price on either the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus or the dates of the DDR and JDN
special meetings. These variances may arise due to, among other
things:

 

changes in the business, operations and prospects
    of DDR;

 

market assessments of the likelihood that the
    merger will be completed;

 

the financial condition of current or prospective
    tenants of DDR properties; and

 

interest rates, general market and economic
    conditions and other factors.

Substantially all of these factors are beyond the
control of DDR and JDN. It should be noted that during the
12-month period
ending                                ,
the most recent date practicable before the mailing of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, the closing per share price of
DDR common shares varied from a low of
$          to
a high of
$          .
Historical trading prices are not necessarily indicative of
future performance.

If you are a JDN shareholder, your dividends
per share after the merger will be reduced.

After the merger, JDN shareholders will hold DDR
common shares and will receive the DDR dividends. Assuming DDR
continues to make regular quarterly dividends at its current
rate of $0.38 per share after the merger, each JDN shareholder
will receive an equivalent quarterly dividend payment of
approximately $0.20 per JDN share as compared to JDNs most
recent full quarterly dividend for the third quarter of 2002 in
the amount of $0.27 per share. Based on the 0.518 exchange
ratio, the JDN shareholders will receive an adjusted annualized
dividend of approximately $0.79 per JDN share, representing a
26% decline from the JDN shareholders third quarter 2002
annualized dividend of $1.08 per share. Under the DDR articles
of incorporation, the amount of dividends paid to DDR
shareholders are and will be within the discretion of the DDR
board of directors. If the DDR board of directors determines to
reduce or otherwise limit the amount of such dividends by DDR,
DDR shareholders may not receive anticipated dividends.

If JDN is not able to enter into a closing
agreement with the Internal Revenue Service within the time
permitted under the merger agreement or on terms reasonably
satisfactory to DDR, DDR may choose not to consummate the
merger, and may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to
reimbursement of expenses.

As a condition to the closing of the merger, JDN
must enter into a closing agreement with the Internal Revenue
Service, in a form reasonably acceptable to DDR, confirming
JDNs compliance with certain requirements for
qualification as a REIT for the taxable year ended
December 31, 2000. Although JDN has agreed to use its
reasonable best efforts to obtain a closing agreement, JDN
cannot predict whether the Internal Revenue Service will be
willing to enter into a closing agreement on acceptable terms,
nor can it predict how long it will take to obtain a closing
agreement. If JDN fails to enter into a closing agreement with
terms reasonably acceptable to DDR by May 15, 2003, DDR may
choose not to consummate the merger and may be entitled to
reimbursement of its expenses up to $4 million.



In the event that JDN is required to pay any
amount to the Internal Revenue Service in connection with a
closing agreement, distributions to JDN shareholders will be
reduced by at least that amount.

Under the terms of the merger agreement, JDN is
not permitted to pay dividends until it has entered into a
closing agreement with the Internal Revenue Service. JDN has
agreed with DDR that it will not pay dividends in an amount
greater than $0.27 per share for the fourth quarter of 2002 and
an amount equal to the DDR dividend per common share multiplied
by the exchange ratio of 0.518 for each quarter in 2003 prior to
the quarter in which the merger closes, less the per share
amount of any payment to the Internal Revenue Service and
certain related fees and expenses. In the event that amounts
under the closing agreement, if any, are required, or if the
result of the closing agreement has not been finalized, JDN
shareholders may receive a reduced dividend (or possibly no
dividend) in the fourth quarter of 2002 or in any quarter
thereafter.

Failure of DDR or JDN to qualify as a REIT
could adversely affect the combined company and its
shareholders.

A qualified REIT generally is not taxed at the
corporate level on its income, provided that a number of
technical requirements are satisfied on a continuing basis. Due
to the complexity of these requirements, the limited available
guidance interpreting them, the importance of ongoing factual
determinations and the possibility of adverse changes in the
law, no assurance can be given that DDR and JDN have qualified
as REITs for any particular year, nor can any assurance be given
that DDR and JDN will continue to qualify as REITs following the
merger. JDN is seeking a closing agreement from the Internal
Revenue Service regarding its compliance with certain
requirements for qualification as a REIT with respect to its
2000 taxable year, and DDRs obligation to close the merger
is conditioned upon JDNs receipt of a closing agreement on
terms reasonably acceptable to DDR.

In general, an entity that fails to qualify as a
REIT is subject to federal and state income tax (including
alternative minimum tax) as a regular corporation, and
distributions to its shareholders are not deductible in
computing its taxable income nor required to be made. Unless
entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions, an entity
that fails to qualify as a REIT in one particular taxable year
will not be allowed to re-elect to be treated as a REIT for the
four taxable years after the year during which it ceased to
qualify. If DDR were to fail to qualify as a REIT, the resulting
corporate tax liabilities could materially reduce the funds
available for distribution to DDRs shareholders or for
reinvestment. Similarly, because JDN will be a majority-owned
REIT subsidiary of DDR, following the merger, any
corporate-level tax liabilities imposed on JDN as a result of
its failure to qualify as a REIT (including for periods prior to
the merger) also could materially reduce the funds available for
distribution to DDRs shareholders or for reinvestment.

As a majority-owned subsidiary of DDR, any
failure by JDN to qualify as a REIT likely will cause DDR also
to fail to qualify as a REIT. For DDR to qualify as a REIT, the
value of any one issuers securities held by DDR on certain
testing dates may not exceed 5% of the value of DDRs total
assets, nor may such securities exceed 10% of such issuers
outstanding securities (measured either by voting power or by
value). These requirements are subject to certain exceptions,
including an exception for shares of other qualifying REITs.
Following the merger, DDR will own more than 10% of JDNs
outstanding stock (both by voting power and by value), and the
value of the JDN stock held by DDR likely will represent more
than 5% of DDRs total assets. Accordingly, if JDN were to
fail to qualify as a REIT (including for a taxable period ending
prior to the merger, if JDN is prohibited from re-electing REIT
status for a period after the merger), it is likely that DDR
also would fail to qualify as a REIT.

Failure of JDNs shareholders to approve
the merger agreement, or termination of the merger agreement for
any other reason, may require JDN, under certain circumstances,
to pay termination expenses and/or fees, which could cause the
market price of JDN common stock to decline and could prohibit
the consummation of a merger in the future with another third
party.

If the JDN shareholders fail to approve the
merger agreement, or if the merger is not completed for any
reason, JDN may be required, under certain circumstances, to pay
DDR expenses of up to $4 million and a termination fee of
up to $16 million, which could lead to a possible decline
in the market price of JDN common stock.



If, following termination of the merger
agreement, the JDN board of directors determines to seek another
merger or business combination, there can be no assurance that
it will be able to find a partner willing to pay an equivalent
or more attractive price than would be provided by DDR in the
merger, or that such future partner would be willing to assume
the costs of any termination expenses or fees paid by JDN. Under
the terms of the merger agreement, before the termination of the
merger agreement, JDN is not permitted to:

 

solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage any
    acquisition proposal;

 

except in circumstances expressly permitted under
    the merger agreement, engage in any discussions or negotiations
    with any person relating to an acquisition proposal; or

 

agree to, approve or recommend an acquisition
    proposal.

The directors and executive officers of JDN
may have interests in the completion of the merger that are
different from the interests of JDNs
shareholders.

In considering the recommendation of the JDN
board with respect to the merger, JDN shareholders should be
aware that certain JDN directors and executive officers have
interests in the merger that may differ from, or are in addition
to, the interests of JDN shareholders generally.

Equity-Based
Awards

Under JDNs incentive stock plans, an
aggregate of 80,443 unvested shares of restricted common stock
previously awarded to the directors and executives will vest in
full upon consummation of the merger and will be converted into
DDR common shares according to the terms of the merger
agreement. In addition, unvested options to purchase an
aggregate of 129,624 shares of JDN common stock previously
awarded to such directors and executives will vest in connection
with the consummation of the merger.

Retention
Agreements

JDN has entered into employment agreements and/or
change of control agreements with its inside directors, Craig
Macnab, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Lee
Wielansky, President of JDN Development Company, Inc., as well
as certain of its executive officers, to address the terms and
conditions of their employment in the event of a change in
control. The merger will be a change in control for
purposes of the employment and change in control agreements. DDR
has agreed to assume and to perform JDNs obligations under
the employment and change in control agreements in the same
manner and to the same extent that JDN would be required to
perform such obligations if the merger had not taken place.

In the event of termination of employment by DDR
without cause, or by the employee for good reason, within one
year following a change in control, pursuant to the various
agreements, DDR will pay the employees then current base
salary for a period ranging from three months to two years,
after termination, plus annual bonuses, depending upon the terms
of the specific agreement. The aggregate cost for payments
pursuant to employment agreements and change in control
agreements as a result of the merger is approximately
$4.9 million.

From and after the effective time of the merger,
DDR will indemnify present and former directors and officers of
JDN, other than three former officers of JDN, and maintain
directors and officers liability insurance for these
individuals for six years after the effective time of the merger.

The fairness opinions obtained by DDR and JDN
will not reflect changes in the relative values of the companies
since the merger agreement was signed.

DDR does not intend to obtain an updated fairness
opinion of Goldman Sachs, and JDN does not intend to obtain an
updated fairness opinion of Lazard, Frres & Co. LLC.
Changes in the operations and prospects of DDR or JDN, general
market and economic conditions and other factors that are beyond
the control of DDR and JDN, on which the opinions of Goldman
Sachs and Lazard are based, may have altered the relative value
of the companies. Therefore, the opinions of Goldman Sachs and
Lazard do not address the fairness of the exchange ratio at the
time the merger will be completed.



The merger may cause dilution to DDRs
earnings per share.

The merger may have a dilutive effect on
DDRs earnings per share due to the additional shares of
DDR that will be issued in the merger, the transaction and
integration-related costs and other factors such as failure to
realize the anticipated benefits from cost savings and synergies
expected from the merger. Any dilution in earnings per share
could adversely impact the market price of DDR common shares.

There are differences in the rights of DDR
shareholders and JDN shareholders that may be detrimental to JDN
shareholders who receive DDR shares in the merger.

As a result of the merger, JDN shareholders will
no longer own shares of JDN and will become shareholders of DDR.
Differences in the provisions of the respective corporate
charters and bylaws of DDR and JDN create different rights for
the shareholders of the two companies. The rights of DDR
shareholders may in some cases be considered less favorable than
the rights of JDN shareholders. For example, DDR has outstanding
three series of preferred shares with an aggregate liquidation
preference of $304,000,000, which have preferences over common
shares on dividends or liquidating distributions. JDN has only
one outstanding series of preferred stock with an aggregate
liquidation preference of $50,000,000.

DDR and JDN may not be able to integrate their
businesses successfully and realize the intended benefits of the
merger, which could have a negative impact on the market price
of DDR common shares after completion of the merger.

The completion of the merger poses risks for the
combined operations of DDR and JDN, including that:

 

following the merger, DDR may not achieve
    expected cost savings and operating efficiencies, such as the
    elimination of redundant administrative costs and property
    management costs;

 

DDR may not effectively integrate the operations
    of JDN;

 

the JDN portfolio, including its development
    projects, may not perform as well as DDR anticipates;

 

DDR may experience difficulties and incur
    expenses associated with the assimilation and retention of JDN
    employees; and

 

the diversion of managements attention to
    the integration of the operations of JDN could have an adverse
    effect on the financial condition and operating results of DDR.

If DDR fails to successfully integrate JDN or
fails to realize intended benefits of the merger due to any of
the foregoing or other reasons, the market price of DDR common
shares could decline from the market price at the time of
completion of the merger.

REIT distribution requirements limit the
amount of cash that DDR will have available for other business
purposes, including amounts to fund its future growth.

To maintain its qualification as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code, DDR must distribute annually to its
shareholders at least 90% of its ordinary taxable income,
excluding net capital gains. To the extent that it satisfies
this distribution requirement, but distributes less than 100% of
its taxable income, DDR will be subject to federal income tax on
its undistributed taxable income at regular corporate tax rates.
In addition, DDR will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise
tax if the actual dividends distributed to its shareholders in a
calendar year are less than a specified minimum amount. If DDR
does not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets, DDR may
have to borrow funds or sell properties on adverse terms in
order to satisfy the distribution requirement, to avoid
corporate income tax on undistributed taxable income, and to
avoid paying the 4% excise tax in any particular year. These
rules limit DDRs ability to accumulate capital for use for
other business purposes.

Each of the parties to the merger has, and the
combined company will have, restrictive debt covenants that
could adversely affect its ability to operate its
business.

At June 30, 2002, on a pro forma basis, the
combined company would have had an aggregate of
$662.3 million in indebtedness under senior notes and an
aggregate of $652.6 million in debt under its



revolving credit facilities. All of this
indebtedness contains or will contain various restrictive
covenants including, among others, provisions restricting the
borrower from:

 

incurring indebtedness, including secured
    indebtedness;

 

making distributions or investments;

 

engaging in transactions with affiliates;

 

incurring liens;

 

merging or consolidating with another person;

 

disposing of all or substantially all of its
    assets; or

 

permitting limitations on the ability of the
    borrowers subsidiaries to make payments to the borrower.

These restrictions may adversely affect the
ability of the combined company to finance its operations or
engage in other business activities that may be in its best
interests. In addition, some of these agreements will require
the combined company to maintain specified financial ratios. The
ability of the combined company to comply with these ratios in
the future may be affected by events beyond its control. These
covenants also may restrict the ability of the combined company
to engage in certain transactions. In addition, any breach of
these limitations could result in acceleration of most of the
combined companys outstanding debt. The combined company
may not be able to refinance or repay its debts in full under
those circumstances.

There is no limitation in DDRs
organizational documents on incurrence of debt.

DDR intends to continue to maintain a
conservative debt capitalization with a ratio of debt to total
market capitalization (the sum of the aggregate market value of
DDRs common shares, the liquidation preference on any
preferred shares outstanding and DDRs total indebtedness)
of less than 50%. However, DDR organizational documents do not
contain any limitation on the amount or percentage of
indebtedness DDR may incur. Despite this lack of limitation, the
indentures and agreements that govern DDRs outstanding
indebtedness do contain limits on DDRs right to incur
indebtedness. The combined companys pro forma
debt-to-total market capitalization ratio at June 30, 2002
was approximately 0.44.

If the merger with DDR is not consummated, JDN
may be unable to meet its debt obligations.

JDNs $300 million credit facility
expires on December 31, 2002. As of June 30, 2002, JDN
had $235 million outstanding under its credit facility. JDN
is currently negotiating an extension to its credit facility and
completion of this extension is a closing condition to the
merger. In addition, JDN has $75 million in unsecured bonds
outstanding that are subject to mandatory tender on
March 31, 2003. As a result of the loss of its
investment-grade credit rating, JDN may be required to pay a
yield maintenance penalty to the remarketing agent of the
unsecured bonds (estimated at $11.7 million at June 30,
2002) on or before the mandatory tender date. Based upon the
covenants in the merger agreement that require JDN to continue
to pursue projects under construction and projects in
pre-development without alternative sources of capital, JDN may
be unable to meet its maturing obligations if the merger has not
been consummated by March 31, 2003.

The DDR articles of incorporation contain
limitations on ownership and transfer of its shares.

In order for DDR to maintain its status as a
REIT, no more than 50% in value of its outstanding common shares
may be owned, actually or constructively under the applicable
tax rules, by five or fewer individuals (including
certain entities that are treated as individuals under the
Internal Revenue Code). DDRs articles of incorporation
prohibit, subject to some exceptions, any person from owning
more than 5%, as determined in accordance with the Internal
Revenue Code and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the
Exchange Act, of the number of DDRs outstanding common
shares. DDRs articles of incorporation also prohibit any
transfer of its shares that would result in a violation of the
5% ownership limit, reduce the number of shareholders below 100,
or otherwise result in DDR failing to qualify as a REIT. Any
attempted transfer of shares in violation of the articles of
incorporation prohibitions will be void, and the intended
transferee will not acquire any right in those shares. DDR has
the right to take any lawful action that it believes necessary or



advisable to ensure compliance with these
ownership and transfer restrictions and to preserve its status
as a REIT, including refusing to recognize any transfer of
shares in violation of its charter. DDRs articles of
incorporation provide for a similar ownership limitation upon
holders of DDR preferred shares. JDNs charter contains
substantially similar provisions for its common stock, except
that the common stock ownership limit is, subject to certain
exceptions, 8%.

Some provisions in the DDR articles of
incorporation and code of regulations and Ohio law make a
takeover of DDR more difficult.

Ownership Limit

The ownership and transfer restrictions in the
DDR articles of incorporation may have the effect of
discouraging or preventing a third party from attempting to gain
control of DDR without the approval of the DDR board of
directors. Accordingly, it is less likely that a change in
control, even if beneficial to shareholders, could be effected
without the approval of the DDR board. JDNs charter
contains substantially similar provisions.

Authority to Issue Additional
Shares

Under the DDR articles of incorporation, the DDR
board of directors may issue nonvoting preferred shares without
shareholder action. The preferred shares may be issued, in one
or more series, with the preferences and other terms designated
by the DDR board that may delay or prevent a change in control
of DDR, even if the change is in the best interests of
shareholders. DDR currently has outstanding nonvoting preferred
shares in several series and classes with an aggregate
liquidation preference of $304,000,000. The nonvoting preferred
shares reduce the amount of dividends available, and have
dividend, liquidation and other rights superior to the holders
of DDRs common shares. JDN can also issue preferred shares
without shareholder approval, but JDN has only one outstanding
series of preferred stock with an aggregate liquidation
preference of $50,000,000.

Shareholder Rights
Agreement

DDRs board of directors has adopted a
shareholders rights agreement that may make it difficult for a
potential acquiror to acquire DDR without the consent of the DDR
board. The rights entitle a common shareholder to purchase a
preferred share that is intended to be economically equivalent
to a DDR common share for each common share held. The rights are
triggered if a person or group acquires 15% or more of the
outstanding DDR common shares or commences a tender or exchange
offer that would result in such person or group owning 15% or
more of the outstanding common shares. The rights will cause
substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to
acquire DDR in a transaction not approved by the DDR board.

Ohio Takeover
Statutes

As an Ohio corporation, DDR is subject to various
provisions under the Ohio General Corporation Law, including the
Ohio business combination statute, that may have the effect of
delaying or preventing a transaction or a change in control that
might involve a premium price for the shares or otherwise be in
the best interests of shareholders.

The combined company will be subject to risks
that may adversely affect real estate ownership.

The combined company will be subject to the
numerous risks generally associated with owning real estate,
including among others:

 

adverse changes in general or local economic or
    real estate market conditions;

 

changes in zoning laws;

 

changes in traffic patterns and neighborhood
    characteristics;

 

financial viability of tenants;



 

increases in assessed valuation and tax rates;

 

increases in the cost of property insurance and
    the ability to obtain insurance coverage required by lenders on
    commercially reasonable terms;

 

governmental regulations and fiscal policies;

 

the potential for uninsured or underinsured
    property losses;

 

the impact of environmental laws and regulations;
    and

 

other circumstances beyond their control.

Moreover, real estate investments are relatively
illiquid, and the combined company may not be able to vary its
portfolio in response to changes in economic and other
conditions.

The combined company will be subject to risks
inherent in development and acquisition activities.

The combined company intends to continue the
selective development and construction of retail properties in
accordance with development and underwriting policies as
opportunities arise. Development and construction activities
include the risks that:

 

development opportunities may be abandoned after
    expending resources to determine feasibility;

 

construction costs of projects may exceed
    original estimates;

 

occupancy rates and rents at newly completed
    properties may not be sufficient to make the properties
    profitable;

 

financing may not be available on favorable terms
    for development of properties; and

 

construction and lease-up may not be completed on
    schedule, which could adversely affect the expected returns from
    projects.

Development activities are also subject to risks
relating to the inability to obtain, or delays in obtaining, all
necessary zoning, land-use, building occupancy and other
required governmental permits and authorizations. If any of the
above events occur, the combined companys financial
condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
In addition, new development activities, regardless of whether
or not they are ultimately successful, typically require a
substantial portion of managements time and attention.

The combined company is exposed to the risks
of defaults by tenants.

The combined companys income and
distributable cash flow would be adversely affected if a
significant number of the combined companys tenants were
unable to meet their obligations, especially if the combined
company were unable to lease to another party, on economically
favorable terms, a significant amount of space vacated by
tenants in its properties. In the event of default by a
significant number of tenants, the combined company may
experience delays in collecting rent and incur substantial costs
in enforcing its rights as landlord.

Shareholder litigation in connection with the
merger could prevent or delay consummation of the
merger.

On October 7, 2002, a JDN shareholder filed
a purported class action and derivative suit in the Superior
Court of Fulton County, Atlanta, Georgia, against JDN,
JDNs board of directors and DDR alleging claims of breach
of fiduciary duty, waste, abuse of control and unjust
enrichment. The complaint seeks declaratory relief, an order
enjoining consummation of the merger and an accounting for
unspecified damages.

On October 10, 2002, a JDN shareholder filed
a purported class action suit in the Circuit Court for
Baltimore, Maryland against JDN and JDNs board of
directors alleging a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. The
complaint seeks declaratory relief, an order enjoining
consummation of the merger and unspecified damages.

Although JDN and DDR believe that these suits are
without merit and intend to defend themselves vigorously, there
can be no assurance that the pending litigation will not
interfere with the consummation of



the merger. JDN and DDR do not expect that these
suits will interfere with the scheduling of their respective
shareholder meetings or the consummation of the merger, if
approved.

DDRs results of operations may be
affected by a judgment entered against DDR.

In September 2001, the U.S. District Court for
the Northern District of Ohio entered a judgment in the amount
of $5.0 million in compensatory damages, plus attorney
fees, against DDR and three other defendants, in respect of a
verdict reached in a civil trial regarding a claim filed by a
movie theater relating to a property owned by DDR. The court
also awarded to the plaintiff $1.0 million in punitive
damages against DDR and $3.0 million in punitive damages
against the three other defendants. The claim alleged breach of
contract and fraud during the lease negotiation process that
took place prior to and after DDRs acquisition of the
property.

The verdict is subject to various post-trial
motions and appeal. DDR believes that it is probable that the
verdict will ultimately be reversed, in whole or in substantial
part, and accordingly no provision has been recorded in
DDRs financial statements. Although there can be no
assurance as to the ultimate outcome, DDR does not believe that
an adverse final determination, if any, will be material in
relation to DDRs cash flows, liquidity or financial
condition. However, amounts awarded, if any, to the plaintiff
upon final resolution of this matter, could adversely affect
DDRs financial condition or results of operations in the
period they are recorded. Further, a determination has not been
made as to the proportionate distribution of the contingent loss
associated with the compensatory damages, if any, between the
defendants.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

DDR and JDN have each made forward-looking
statements in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and in
documents that are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and
Section 21E of the Exchange Act, that are subject to risks
and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include, without
limitation, statements related to acquisitions and other
business development activities, future capital expenditures,
financing sources and availability, the effects of environmental
and other regulations, and information concerning possible or
assumed future results of operations of DDR and JDN. Although
both DDR and JDN believe that the expectations reflected in
those forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable
assumptions, neither DDR nor JDN can give any assurance that the
expectations will be achieved. For this purpose, any statements
contained herein that are not statements of historical fact
should be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without
limiting the foregoing, the words believes,
expects, anticipates,
intends, plans, estimates,
or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Many factors, some of which are discussed elsewhere
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and in the documents
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, could affect the future financial results
of the combined company and could cause actual results to differ
materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements
contained or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from current expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements include, among others, the
factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors
beginning on page 17 and the filings made by DDR and JDN
with the SEC that are incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of
performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.
The future results and shareholder values of DDR following
completion of the merger may differ materially from those
expressed in these forward-looking statements. Many of the
factors that will determine these results and values are beyond
the ability of DDR and JDN to control or predict. For these
forward-looking statements, DDR and JDN claim the protection of
the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Neither DDR
nor JDN undertakes any obligation to publicly update or revise
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.



THE COMPANIES

DDR

DDR is a self-administered and self-managed REIT
that was formed in November 1992 by the principals of the
entities comprising the Developers Diversified Group, or DDG, to
continue the business of DDG by acquiring, developing,
redeveloping, owning, leasing and managing shopping centers and
business centers. DDR believes that its portfolio of shopping
center properties is one of the largest (measured by amount of
total GLA) currently held by any publicly traded REIT. As of
September 30, 2002, DDR owned or had an interest in and
managed a portfolio of:

 

192 shopping centers, encompassing approximately
    52.5 million square feet of GLA, of which DDR owned
    approximately 40.3 million square feet;

 

designation rights to 117 properties and
    leasehold interests owned by Service Merchandise aggregating
    approximately 6.7 million square feet;

 

38 business centers located in 12 states
    aggregating approximately 4.5 million square feet of GLA;
    and

 

several parcels of undeveloped land for future
    development, which is typically located adjacent to shopping
    centers owned by DDR.

As of September 30, 2002, DDR also managed
six retail properties owned by third parties containing an
aggregate of approximately 1.0 million square feet of GLA.

DDRs shopping center properties are located
in 38 states, with significant concentrations in Ohio, Florida,
Missouri, California, Michigan, South Carolina, Utah, Minnesota,
North Carolina and Kansas.

DDRs investment objective is to increase
cash flow and the value of its portfolio of properties and to
seek continued growth through the selective acquisition,
development, redevelopment, renovation and expansion of
income-producing real estate properties, primarily shopping
centers. In addition, DDR may also pursue the disposition of
certain real estate assets and utilize the proceeds to repay
debt, reinvest in other real estate assets and developments and
for other corporate purposes. In pursuing DDRs investment
objective, it will continue to seek to acquire and develop high
quality, well-located shopping centers with attractive initial
yields and strong prospects for future cash flow growth and
capital appreciation where its financial strength, management
and leasing capabilities can enhance value.

DDR believes that opportunities to acquire
existing shopping centers have been and will continue to be
available to buyers, such as DDR, with access to capital markets
and institutional investors.

JDN

JDN is a publicly traded REIT specializing in the
development and asset management of retail shopping centers. As
of September 30, 2002, JDN owned and operated, either
directly or indirectly through an affiliated entity, 99 shopping
center properties containing approximately 11.4 million
square feet of GLA located in 19 states, with the highest
concentrations in Georgia, Wisconsin and Tennessee. The
principal tenants of JDNs properties include Lowes,
Wal-Mart and Kohls. As of September 30, 2002, JDN had
14 projects under construction.

THE COMBINED COMPANY

Upon completion of the merger, the separate
corporate existence of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. will cease and
JDN will continue as the surviving corporation and as a
majority-owned subsidiary of DDR. The common and preferred
shareholders of JDN will become shareholders of DDR. The
corporate existence of JDN, with all its purposes, rights,
privileges, franchises, powers and objects, shall continue
unaffected and unimpaired by the merger and, as the surviving
corporation, it will be governed by the laws of the State of
Maryland.



Subject to approval by DDRs shareholders,
DDRs board of directors will increase from ten to 11
members. DDR will continue to be led by its existing senior
management team, including Scott A. Wolstein as Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, David M. Jacobstein as President and
Chief Operating Officer and Daniel B. Hurwitz as Executive Vice
President.

Upon completion of the merger, the directors and
officers of DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. will become the directors
and officers of JDN until their successors are duly elected or
appointed.

Following the merger, DDR will own or manage 442
retail properties in 44 states comprising approximately
77 million square feet of total GLA. In addition, DDR will
acquire 21 properties comprising approximately seven million
square feet of total GLA currently under development by JDN, as
well as a development pipeline of 17 properties
representing approximately three million square feet of total
GLA. Upon completion of the transaction, DDR will have a total
market capitalization of over $5.0 billion (including its
pro rata portion of unconsolidated debt).



THE DDR SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the DDR
Special Meeting

The special meeting of the DDR common
shareholders is scheduled to be held at 10:00 a.m., Eastern
Time,
on                     2002,
at The Bertram Inn & Conference Center, 600 North Aurora
Road, Aurora, Ohio 44202-0870. It may be adjourned or postponed
to another date or place for proper purposes. The purpose of the
meeting is to vote upon the following proposals:

1. 

to approve the merger agreement and the merger of
    DDR Transitory Sub, Inc. with and into JDN;

2. 

to approve an amendment to the DDR articles of
    incorporation, authorizing and fixing the terms of the DDR
    Voting Preferred Shares to be issued to the holders of
    JDNs Series A Preferred Stock;

3. 

to fix the number of directors at 11;

4. 

to elect
    Mr.                               to
    the board of directors to serve as director until the next
    annual meeting of shareholders and until his successor is duly
    elected and qualified; and

5. 

to approve an amendment to the DDR articles of
    incorporation that would increase the total number of authorized
    shares from 109,000,000 to 211,000,000 and the number of
    authorized common shares from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000.

The DDR common shareholders also might be asked
to vote upon a proposal to adjourn the DDR special meeting for
the purpose, among others, of allowing additional time for the
solicitation of additional votes to approve the merger agreement
and the merger and to approve the amendment to the articles of
incorporation to authorize the Voting Preferred Shares.

Consummation of the merger is dependent upon the
approval by DDR shareholders of the merger and merger agreement
and the authorization of the DDR Voting Preferred Shares.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, DDR is obligated to nominate
Mr.                     for
election to the DDR board of directors, and in order to do so,
DDR must increase the size of its board to 11 members. If
the DDR shareholders fail to approve the proposal to increase
the size of DDRs board, JDN may waive DDRs
obligation in this regard. In that case, the merger would still
be consummated. The approval by DDRs shareholders to
increase DDRs number of authorized shares and the actual
election of
Mr.                     to
the DDR board of directors are not conditions to the completion
of the merger, and failure of DDRs shareholders to approve
either of the proposals would not affect consummation of the
merger.

Who Can Vote

You are entitled to vote your DDR common shares
if DDR shareholder records showed that you held your DDR common
shares as of the close of business
on                     ,
2002. At the close of business on that date, a total
of                               DDR
common shares were outstanding and entitled to vote. Each DDR
common share has one vote. The enclosed proxy card shows the
number of DDR common shares that you are entitled to vote. Your
individual vote is confidential and will not be disclosed to
third parties.

Voting by Proxy Holders

If you hold your DDR common shares in your name
as a holder of record, you may instruct the proxy holders how to
vote your DDR common shares by signing, dating and mailing the
proxy card in the postage-paid envelope that DDR has provided to
you. The proxy holders will vote your DDR common shares as
provided by those instructions. If you give us a signed proxy
without giving specific voting instructions, your DDR common
shares will be voted by the proxy holders in favor of all of the
proposals. If your DDR common shares are held by a broker, bank
or other nominee, you will receive instructions from your
nominee which you must follow to have your common shares voted.



Required Vote

Approval of the merger agreement and the merger,
the amendments to the DDR articles of incorporation to authorize
the Voting Preferred Shares and to increase the number of
authorized shares, and the proposal to fix the number of
directors at 11 require the affirmative vote of a majority of
the common shares issued and outstanding on the record
date,                     ,
2002.

With respect to the election of a director, if a
quorum is present, the nominee receiving the greatest number of
votes is elected as director.
Mr.                               is
expected to be the only nominee for director. DDR shareholders
have the right to vote cumulatively in the election of
directors; however, because only one proposed vacancy will be
filled at the special meeting, cumulative voting would have no
effect on the outcome of the election.

The vote of the holders of DDRs preferred
shares is not required for approval of the merger agreement, the
merger, increasing the number of directors or the amendments to
the DDR articles of incorporation.

As of the record date for the DDR special
meeting, the directors, executive officers and their affiliates
beneficially owned, excluding share options held by
them,                               DDR
common shares
representing           %
of the outstanding DDR common shares entitled to vote at the DDR
special meeting. Certain of these individuals have already
entered into voting agreements, as described below.

Voting Agreements

Messrs. Scott A. Wolstein,
Bert L. Wolstein, David M. Jacobstein,
Daniel B. Hurwitz, James A. Schoff, William H.
Schafer, Eric M. Mallory, and Richard E. Brown and
Mrs. Joan U. Allgood have entered into voting
agreements with JDN agreeing to vote all DDR common shares
beneficially owned by each of them, or that they otherwise have
the power to vote:

 

in favor of adoption of the merger agreement and
    approval of the merger and the transactions contemplated by the
    merger agreement; and

 

against any action or agreement that would
    reasonably be expected to result in a breach of any covenant,
    representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
    of DDR under the merger agreement or which would reasonably be
    expected to result in any of the conditions to the merger
    agreement not being fulfilled.

However, nothing in the voting agreement will
limit or restrict an individual from acting as a director or
officer of DDR. As of the record date for the DDR special
meeting, these persons beneficially owned, excluding share
options, a total
of                     DDR
common shares, representing
approximately           %
of the outstanding common shares entitled to vote at the DDR
special meeting.

Voting on Other Matters

DDR is not now aware of any matters to be
presented at the DDR special meeting except for those described
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. If any other matters
not described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are
properly presented at the meeting, the proxy holders will use
their own judgment to determine how to vote your DDR common
shares. If the meeting is adjourned or postponed, your DDR
common shares may be voted by the proxy holders on the new
meeting date as well, unless you have revoked your proxy
instructions before that date.

How You May Revoke Your Proxy
Instructions

If you give a proxy, you may revoke it at any
time before it is exercised by (1) giving written notice to
DDR at its principal executive offices located at 3300
Enterprise Parkway, Beachwood, Ohio 44122, (2) filing a
duly executed proxy bearing a later date with DDR at DDRs
principal address, or (3) giving notice to DDR in the open
meeting. It is important to note that your presence at the DDR
special meeting, without more, will not revoke your previously
granted proxy.



How Votes Are Counted

A quorum of shares entitled to vote must be
present in person or by proxy at the DDR special meeting in
order to hold the vote on the proposals set forth in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. A majority of the outstanding DDR
common shares entitled to vote constitutes a quorum. If you have
returned valid proxy instructions or attend the meeting in
person, your DDR common shares will be counted for the purpose
of determining whether there is a quorum, even if you wish to
abstain from voting on some or all matters introduced at the
meeting. If you hold your DDR common shares through a broker,
bank or other nominee, the nominee may only vote the DDR common
shares which it holds for you as provided by your instructions.
If the nominee does not receive your instructions, the nominee
may not vote on any of the proposals set forth in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus which would result in a broker
non-vote on those proposals. Abstentions and broker
non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the
proposals to approve the merger, to increase the size of the DDR
board and to approve the amendments to the DDR articles of
incorporation. However, because the nominee receiving the
greatest number of votes will be elected as director, broker
non-votes will not be counted as votes for or against the
election of
Mr.                               to
the DDR board of directors.

Cost of This Proxy Solicitation

DDR will pay the cost of its proxy solicitation.
In addition to soliciting proxies by mail, DDR has
engaged                               ,
a proxy solicitation firm, to assist in obtaining proxies from
DDR common shareholders on a timely basis. DDR will
pay                               s
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses plus a
$                    fee
for these services. DDR will, upon request, reimburse brokers,
banks and other nominees for their reasonable expenses in
sending proxy material to their principals and obtaining their
proxies.

DDR also expects that several of its employees
will solicit DDR common shareholders personally and by
telephone. None of these employees will receive any additional
or special compensation for doing this.

List of DDR Common Shareholders

A list of DDR common shareholders entitled to
vote at the DDR special meeting will be available at the DDR
special meeting.

DIRECTORS AND NOMINEE FOR ELECTION AT THE DDR
SPECIAL MEETING

The DDR board currently consists of the following
ten members who have been elected to serve until the next annual
meeting of DDR shareholders and until his successor is duly
elected and qualified:

Name

Age

Principal Occupation

Director Since

Scott A. Wolstein

Chairman of the Board of Directors of DDR and
    Chief Executive Officer of DDR

November 1992

David M. Jacobstein

President and Chief Operating Officer of DDR

May 2000

Albert T. Adams

Chairman of the Cleveland Office of Baker &
    Hostetler LLP (law firm)

April 1996

Dean S. Adler

Principal, Lubert-Adler Partners, L.P. (real
    estate investments)

May 1997

Barry A. Sholem

Co-Chairman and Managing Director, Donaldson,
    Lufkin & Jenrette, Inc. Real Estate Capital Partners (real
    estate investments)

May 1998

Terrance R. Ahern

Principal, The Townsend Group (institutional real
    estate consulting)

May 2000

Robert H. Gidel

Managing Partner, Liberty Partners, LP (real
    estate investments)

May 2000



Name

Age

Principal Occupation

Director Since

Daniel B. Hurwitz

Executive Vice President of DDR

May 2002

Victor B. MacFarlane

Chief Executive Officer, MacFarlane Partners
    (real estate investments)

May 2002

Bert L. Wolstein

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Heritage
    Development Company (real estate development)

May 2002

Director Nominee

If the proposal to fix the number of directors at
11 is approved, the board of directors has nominated
Mr.                               to
serve as a director until the next annual meeting of DDR
shareholders and until his successor is duly elected and
qualified.

Scott A. Wolstein has been the Chief Executive
Officer and a director of DDR since its organization in 1992.
Mr. Wolstein has been Chairman of the Board of Directors of
DDR since May 1997 and was President of DDR from its
organization until May 1999, when Mr. Jacobstein joined
DDR. Prior to the organization of DDR, Mr. Wolstein was a
principal and executive officer of the Developers Diversified
Group, or DDG, DDRs predecessor. Mr. Wolstein is a
graduate of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania
and of the University of Michigan Law School. He is currently a
member of the Board of the National Association of Real Estate
Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, the International Council of
Shopping Centers, the Real Estate Roundtable, the Zell-Lurie
Wharton Real Estate Center, Cleveland Tomorrow, Cleveland
Development Partnership and serves as the Chairman of the State
of Israel Bonds, Ohio Chapter. Mr. Wolstein is also a
member of the Urban Land Institute and the Pension Real Estate
Association, or PREA. He has also served as President of the
Board of Trustees of the United Cerebral Palsy Association of
Greater Cleveland and as a member of the Board of the Great
Lakes Theater Festival, The Park Synagogue and the Convention
and Visitors Bureau of Greater Cleveland. Mr. Wolstein is the
son of Bert L. Wolstein, a director.

David M. Jacobstein has been the President and
Chief Operating Officer of DDR since May 1999. From 1986 until
the time he joined DDR, Mr. Jacobstein was employed by
Wilmorite, Inc., a Rochester, New York-based shopping center
developer where most recently he served as Vice Chairman and
Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Jacobstein is a graduate of
Colgate University and George Washington University Law School.
Prior to joining Wilmorite, Mr. Jacobstein practiced law
with the firms of Thompson, Hine & Flory in Cleveland, Ohio,
and Harris, Beach & Wilcox in Rochester, New York where he
specialized in corporate and securities law. Mr. Jacobstein
is a member of the International Council of Shopping Centers and
the Urban Land Institute. He has served as a Vice President of
the Colgate University Alumni Corporation and President of the
Allendale-Columbia School Board of Trustees.

Albert T. Adams has been a partner with the law
firm of Baker & Hostetler LLP in Cleveland, Ohio, since
1984, serving as Chairman of that office since January 1997, and
has been associated with the firm since 1977. Mr. Adams is
a graduate of Harvard College, Harvard Business School and
Harvard Law School. He serves as a member of the Board of
Trustees of the Greater Cleveland Roundtable and of the Western
Reserve Historical Society. Mr. Adams also serves as a
director of Associated Estates Realty Corporation, Boykin
Lodging Company, Captec Net Lease Realty, Inc. and Dairy Mart
Convenience Stores, Inc.

Dean S. Adler is currently a principal with
Lubert-Adler Partners, L.P., a private equity real estate
investment company which he co-founded in 1997. From 1987
through 1996, Mr. Adler was a principal and co-head of the
private equity group of CMS Companies. Mr. Adler is a
graduate of the Wharton School and the University of
Pennsylvania Law School. He was an instructor at the Wharton
School between 1981 and 1983. He currently serves as a member of
the Board of Directors of The Lane Company, Electronics
Boutique, Inc. and Trans World Entertainment Corporation.
Mr. Adler has served on such community boards as the UJA
National Young Leadership Cabinet and he is currently a member
of the Alexis de Tocqueville Society and is co-chairman of The
Walt Frazier Youth Foundation.



Barry A. Sholem is currently the Co-Chairman and
Managing Director of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, Inc. Real
Estate Capital Partners, a real estate fund which invests in a
broad range of real estate-related assets, which he formed in
January 1995. Prior to joining Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette,
Inc., Mr. Sholem was with Goldman, Sachs & Co. for
15 years and was head of the Real Estate Principal
Investment Area for Goldman, Sachs & Co. on the West Coast.
Mr. Sholem is a graduate of Brown University and
Northwestern Universitys J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of
Management. He is currently active in the Urban Land Institute
(RCMF Council), the International Council of Shopping Centers,
the U.C. Berkeley Real Estate Advisory Board and the Business
Roundtable.

Terrance R. Ahern is a co-founder and principal
of The Townsend Group, an institutional real estate consulting
firm formed in 1986 which represents primarily tax-exempt
clients such as public and private pension plans, endowment,
foundation and multi-manager investments. Mr. Ahern was
formerly a member of the Board of Directors of PREA and the
Board of Governors of NAREIT. Prior to founding The Townsend
Group, Mr. Ahern was a Vice President of a New York-based
real estate investment firm and was engaged in the private
practice of law. Mr. Ahern received a B.A. and J.D. from
Cleveland State University.

Robert H. Gidel is the managing partner of
Liberty Partners, LP, an investment partnership formed to
purchase securities interests in private and public real estate
companies. From 1997 through 1998, he was President and Chief
Executive Officer of Meridian Point VIII, an industrial REIT
based in San Francisco. Prior to Meridian, he was President and
Chief Operating Officer of Paragon Group and Paragon Group
Services, a multi-family REIT based in Dallas, Texas, from 1995
through 1997. From 1995 until 1997, he was a Partner and Chief
Operating Officer of Brazos Fund and from 1993 through 1995, he
was President and Chief Executive Officer of Brazos Partners
both of which were based in Dallas, Texas. Prior to this,
Mr. Gidel was a managing director and member of the board
of directors of Alex. Brown Kleinwort Benson Realty Advisors, a
real estate investment management firm formed in 1990 as a
result of the merger of Alex. Brown Realty Advisors (commonly
known as ABRA) and Financial Investment Advisors. Mr. Gidel
had been president of ABRA since 1986. From 1981 through 1985,
Mr. Gidel served in a wide range of positions at Heller
Financial and its subsidiary, Abacus Real Estate Finance. He is
a graduate of the University of Floridas Warrington
College of Business with a major in real estate. Mr. Gidel
is currently the chairman of the Real Estate Advisory Board at
the Warrington College of Business, a Hoyt Fellow at the Homer
Hoyt Institute and serves as a director of U.S. Restaurant
Properties Inc. and Fortress Registered Investment Trust.

Daniel B. Hurwitz was appointed Executive Vice
President in June 1999. Mr. Hurwitz most recently served as
Senior Vice President and Director of Real Estate and
Development for Reading, Pennsylvania based Boscovs
Department Store, Inc., a privately held department store chain,
from 1991 until he joined DDR. Prior to Boscovs,
Mr. Hurwitz served as Development Director for The Shopco
Group, a New York City based developer of regional shopping
malls. Mr. Hurwitz is a graduate of Colgate University, and the
Wharton School of Business Executive Management Program at the
University of Pennsylvania. He is a member of the International
Council of Shopping Centers, Urban Land Institute, and has
served as a Board member of the Colgate University Alumni
Corporation, Reading JCC, American Cancer Society (Regional) and
the Greater Berks Food Bank.

Victor B. MacFarlane has been the Chief Executive
Officer of MacFarlane Partners, a real estate investment
manager, developer and investor, since he founded the
partnership in 1987. Mr. MacFarlane also served as the
Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Investment Advisors, the
successor to the investment advisory portion of MacFarlane
Partners, and as Staff Executive in charge of Strategic
Initiatives (merchant banking) with GE Real Estate from 1996
until 1999. Mr. MacFarlane is a graduate of the University
of New Mexico, the University of California at Los Angeles Law
School and has received a MBA from the University of Pittsburgh.
Mr. MacFarlane, who has 22 years of real estate and
other investment experience, is also a member of the Board of
Trustees of the Urban Land Institute, the policy advisory board
of the Fisher Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the
University of California, the board of trustees of the
Initiative for a Competitive Inner City, the International
Council of Shopping Centers, the Chief Executives
Organizations and World Presidents Organization.
Mr. MacFarlane is a former member of the board of trustees
of PREA.



Bert L. Wolstein, has been the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Heritage Development Company, a real estate
development company, since 1997. Prior to 1997,
Mr. Wolstein was the Chairman of the Board of Directors of
DDR, and a principal owner and executive of DDG since he
established the business in 1965. Mr. Wolstein attended
Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio, and received a law
degree from John Marshall Law School, also in Cleveland.
Mr. Wolstein is the former Chairman of the State of Israel
Bonds  Cleveland, the former General Co-Chairman of
the Jewish Welfare Fund and the former Chairman of the Board of
Trustees of Cuyahoga Community College. His numerous awards
include the Gold Medallion for Humanitarianism awarded to
Mr. Wolstein and his wife by the Bnai Brith
International. He is a former trustee of the Ohio Building
Authority and currently serves on the Board of Trustees for Park
Synagogue. Mr. Wolstein is the father of Mr. Scott A.
Wolstein, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DDR.

During the fiscal year ended December 31,
2001, the board of directors held four meetings. The board of
directors has a Dividend Declaration Committee, an Executive
Compensation Committee, a Granting Committee, a Nominating
Committee, a Pricing Committee and an Audit Committee. Except
for Mr. Adler, each director attended more than 75% of the
aggregate number of meetings of the board of directors and
committees on which he served in 2001.

Dividend Declaration
Committee.
 The Dividend Declaration
Committee, which consists of Messrs. Scott Wolstein, Adams
and Jacobstein, determines if and when DDR should declare
dividends on its capital stock and the amount thereof,
consistent with the dividend policy adopted by the board of
directors. The Dividend Declaration Committee held four meetings
in 2001.

Executive Compensation
Committee.
 The Executive Compensation
Committee, which consists of Messrs. Adams, Adler, Gidel
and Sholem, determines compensation for DDRs executive
officers and administers DDRs stock option and
equity-based award plans. The Executive Compensation Committee
held three meetings in 2001.

Granting Committee.

The Granting Committee was established in order to comply with
Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. The Granting Committee, which consists of
Messrs. Adler, Gidel and Sholem and consisted of Messrs.
Adler, Sholem and Hulett, a former director, in 2001, determines
if and when DDR should grant stock options and other
equity-based awards to executive officers, and the terms of such
awards, consistent with the policy adopted by the board of
directors and pursuant to the terms of the Developers
Diversified Realty Corporation 1992 Employees Share Option
Plan, the 1996 Developers Diversified Realty Corporation
Equity-Based Award Plan, the 1998 Developers Diversified Realty
Corporation Equity-Based Award Plan and the 2002 Developers
Diversified Realty Corporation Equity-Based Award Plan. The
Granting Committee held one meeting in 2001.

Nominating/Governance
Committee.
 The Nominating/Governance
Committee, which consists of Messrs. Adams, Ahern, Gidel and
MacFarlane and consisted of Messrs. Adams, Adler, Ahern and
Hulett, a former director, in 2001, nominates candidates for
election to the board of directors and will consider suggestions
forwarded by shareholders to the Secretary of DDR concerning
qualified candidates for election as directors. The
Nominating/Governance Committee held two meetings in 2001.

Pricing Committee.

The Pricing Committee, which consists of Messrs. Scott
Wolstein, Gidel and Sholem, is authorized to approve the price
and terms of offerings of DDRs debt and equity securities.
The Pricing Committee did not hold any meetings in 2001.

Audit Committee.
 The
Audit Committee, which consists of Messrs. Ahern, Gidel and
Sholem, makes recommendations concerning the engagement of
independent public accountants, reviews with the independent
public accountants the audit plans and results of the audit
engagement, approves professional services provided by the
independent public accountants and reviews the independence of
the independent public accountants. All of the members of the
Audit Committee are independent as independence is defined in
the NYSE listing manual. The Audit Committee held two meetings
in 2001.



For certain additional information relating to
directors and executive officers of DDR, please refer to
Annex F.

CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS OF DDR DIRECTORS AND
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Guarantees of Loans

In November 1998, DDR guaranteed obligations of
certain of its executive officers under a personal loan program
provided to those executive officers by The First National Bank
of Chicago, as agent, and certain other banks. The executive
officers used proceeds of the loans to purchase common shares
from DDR and to exercise options to purchase common shares. Each
loan is an unsecured obligation of the respective officer. Each
executive officer has agreed to reimburse DDR for any amounts
paid by DDR to satisfy that executive officers obligations
under the loan program as a result of DDRs guarantee.

DDR guaranteed loans, which mature in November
2003, in the amount listed after the executive officers
name, for the following: Scott A. Wolstein  $8,250,000,
James A. Schoff  $3,750,000 and William H.
Schafer  $550,000. These loans require quarterly
interest payments. In addition, DDR guaranteed a loan in the
amount of $750,000 to Loren Henry, an employee of Coventry Real
Estate Partners, Ltd., a partnership in which DDR has an
economic interest. DDR also guaranteed loans, in amounts ranging
from $25,250 to $1,000,000, for two other officers and four
other officers who have subsequently resigned from DDR. The
amounts guaranteed have not changed since the date of the loan.
The aggregate amount of such guarantees is $1,587,000. None of
these loans has yet been repaid.

Loans to Executive Officers

In August 1998, the board of directors authorized
DDR to, from time to time, lend to Mr. Scott Wolstein up to
$400,000 to reduce the outstanding principal balance of, and to
prevent the sale of common shares from a margin account loan
secured by common shares owned by Mr. Scott Wolstein. Any
such loan is evidenced by a promissory note, bears interest at
an annual rate of LIBOR plus the applicable spread based on
DDRs revolving credit facility, which approximates
DDRs cost of borrowing, and is payable 90 days from
the date of the loan. No such loans have been made since 1999.

In connection with certain executive officers
joining DDR, DDR loaned such officers funds to assist them with
certain expenses incurred with their relocation. Those loans,
which require annual payments and mature after five years, are
described in the table below.

Largest Amount Outstanding

Amount Outstanding

Interest

Executive Officer

as of October 1, 2002

Rate

Daniel B. Hurwitz

$

123,912

$

122,754

$

115,569

$

61,983

6.20

%

David M. Jacobstein

$

42,507

$

41,608

$

38,867

$

19,596

6.20

%

Eric M. Mallory

$

30,545

$

29,983

$

28,271

$

15,104

6.52

%

Richard E. Brown

$

17,750

$



$



$

14,534

4.94

%

Management Fees

DDR received management and leasing fee income of
approximately $170,501 in 2001, $199,816 in 2000, $182,470 in
1999 and $101,337 through September 30, 2002 pursuant to
management agreements with certain partnerships owned by
Mr. Bert Wolstein.

Lease of Corporate Headquarters

As a result of its rapid growth and expansion,
DDR moved to a new headquarters in 1999. However, DDR continues
to make payments required under the lease of its prior corporate
headquarters in Moreland Hills, Ohio, which is leased from the
limited liability company owned by the spouse of Mr. Bert
Wolstein and the mother of Mr. Scott Wolstein. DDR made
rental payments aggregating $590,566, $599,723 and $701,279 in
2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively, and $450,934 through
September 30, 2002; however, DDR subleases a portion of
this space and, as a result, DDR received $365,735, $373,702 and
$446,354 in



payments from third parties in 2001, 2000 and
1999, respectively, and $279,252 through September 30,
2002. Rental payments made by DDR under the lease include the
payment of DDRs pro rata share of common area maintenance
and insurance expenses, real estate taxes and other operating
expenses over a base year amount. DDR occupied the space
pursuant to the terms of a lease which expires on
December 31, 2009.

Property Acquisitions and Transfers

In August 2000, DDR paid approximately $1,255,500
for residual land at DDRs shopping center in Aurora, Ohio,
to a limited partnership owned by Mr. Bert Wolstein.

In September 1999, DDR transferred its interest
in a shopping center under development in Coon Rapids,
Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis, to a joint venture in which
DDR retained a 25% economic interest. The remaining 75% economic
interest is held by private equity funds, or Funds, controlled
by Dean S. Adler, a director of DDR. Mr. Adler holds a 0.5%
economic interest in the Funds. In 2001, the Funds reimbursed
DDR $900,000 for payment against prior advances. DDR has a
management agreement and performs certain administrative
functions for the joint venture pursuant to which DDR earned
management, leasing and development fees of $600,000 and
$1.3 million in 2001 and through September 30, 2002,
respectively, and interest income of $1.6 million in 2001
(no interest income has been earned in 2002). In addition, in
2001 DDR recognized a gain of approximately $1.1 million
related to the sale of real estate to the joint venture for that
portion not owned by DDR, determined by utilizing the percentage
of completion method. The remaining gain on sale of
$0.4 million is attributable to third party interest, of
which $0.2 million has been recognized through
September 30, 2002. On December 31, 2001, the joint
venture obtained a non-recourse loan and DDR was reimbursed
approximately $21 million for loans made to the joint
venture.

Service Merchandise Asset Designation
Rights

In March 2002, DDR announced its participation in
a joint venture with Lubert-Adler Funds, of which Dean Adler, a
director of DDR, is a principal, and Klaff Realty, L.P. The
joint venture was awarded asset designation rights for all of
the retail real estate interests of the bankrupt estate of
Service Merchandise Corporation for approximately
$236 million. DDR has a 25% interest in the joint venture
and Lubert-Adler Funds has a 75% interest. In addition, DDR
earns management fees for the management, leasing, development
and disposition of the real estate portfolio. The designation
rights enable the joint venture to determine the ultimate use
and disposition of the real estate interests held by the
bankrupt estate. At September 30, 2002 the portfolio
consisted of approximately 117 Service Merchandise retail sites
totaling approximately 6.7 million square feet. The
transaction was approved by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in
Nashville, Tennessee and subsequently the designation rights
were transferred to the joint venture.

Service as Liquidation Agent

Coventry Real Estate Partners, which is owned 79%
by DDR, and DDR Real Estate Services, Inc., another affiliate of
DDR, served as liquidation agents at market rates pursuant to
Burnham Pacific Properties, Inc.s, or BP, Plan of
Liquidation. The aggregate liquidation agent fees from BP in
2001 were approximately $1.2 million. In addition, Coventry
and DDR (through an affiliate) provided property management
services for BPs portfolio and received property
management, asset management, leasing and development fees from
BP at market rates for the services provided.

Leasing and Sales Commissions

In 1999, DDR paid approximately $101,975 to a
company owned by Mr. Eugene Faigus, the brother-in-law of
Mr. Scott Wolstein, for fees and commissions related to the
acquisition of several shopping centers in 1998.

Legal Representation

Albert T. Adams, a director of DDR, is a partner
of the law firm Baker & Hostetler LLP in Cleveland, Ohio.
DDR has retained that firm since 1992 to provide various legal
services.



THE JDN SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the JDN
Special Meeting

The special meeting of the JDN common
shareholders is scheduled to be held
on                                                   ,
2002,
at                               ,
Eastern Time, at the Offices of King & Spalding, 191
Peachtree Street, Atlanta, Georgia 30303. It may be adjourned or
postponed to another date or place for proper purposes. The
purpose of the meeting is to consider and vote upon a proposal
to approve the merger agreement and the merger of DDR Transitory
Sub, Inc. with and into JDN. The JDN common shareholders also
might be asked to vote upon a proposal to adjourn the JDN
special meeting for the purpose, among others, of allowing
additional time for the solicitation of additional votes to
approve the merger agreement and the merger.

Who Can Vote

You are entitled to vote your JDN common stock if
JDNs shareholder records showed that you held your JDN
common stock as of the close of business
on                               .
At the close of business on that date, a total
of                               shares
of JDN common stock were outstanding and entitled to vote. Each
share of JDN common stock has one vote. Your individual vote is
confidential and will not be disclosed to third parties.

Voting by Proxy Holders

If you hold your JDN common stock in your name as
a holder of record, you may instruct the proxy holders how to
vote your JDN common stock by signing, dating and mailing the
proxy card in the postage-paid envelope that has been provided
to you or by following the instructions for voting by telephone
or through the Internet. The proxy holders will vote your JDN
common stock as provided by those instructions. If you give JDN
a signed proxy without giving specific voting instructions, your
JDN common stock will be voted by the proxy holders in favor of
the proposal to approve the merger agreement and the merger. If
your shares of JDN common stock are held by a broker, bank or
other nominee, you will receive instructions from your nominee
which you must follow to have your common stock voted.

Vote by Telephone

You can vote your shares of JDN common stock by
telephone by dialing the toll-free number, at no cost to you,
printed on your proxy card. Telephone voting is available 24
hours a day
until                               ,
Eastern Time,
on                                ,
2002. Easy-to-follow voice prompts allow you to vote your shares
of JDN common stock and confirm that your instructions have been
properly recorded. Our telephone voting procedures are designed
to authenticate shareholders by using individual control
numbers. If you vote by telephone, you do not need to return
your proxy card. If you are located outside the U.S. and Canada,
you should use the collect calling option printed on your proxy
card. Under Maryland law, proxies appointed by telephone
constitute valid proxies.

Vote by Internet

You can also choose to vote through the Internet.
The website for Internet voting is printed on your proxy card.
Internet voting is available 24 hours a day until
3:00 p.m. Eastern Time,
on                      ,
2002. As with telephone voting, you will be given the
opportunity to confirm that your instructions have been properly
recorded. If you vote through the Internet, you do not need to
return your proxy card. Under Maryland law, proxies appointed
through the Internet constitute valid proxies.

Required Vote

Approval of the merger agreement and the merger
requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
two-thirds of the shares of JDN common stock entitled to vote at
the JDN special meeting and outstanding on the record
date,                     ,
2002. The vote of the holders of JDN Series A Preferred
Stock is not required for approval of the merger agreement and
the merger. As of the record
date,           %
of the shares of JDN



common stock entitled to vote at the JDN special
meeting were held by JDN directors, executive officers and their
affiliates. Certain of these individuals have entered into
voting agreements, as described below.

Voting Agreements

Messrs. William G. Byrnes,
Haywood D. Cochran, Jr., William B. Greene,
John D. Harris, Jr., Leilani L. Jones, Craig
Macnab, Andrew E. Rothfeder, Michael A. Quinlan,
Philip G. Satre and Lee S. Wielansky have entered into
voting agreements with DDR agreeing to vote all shares of JDN
common stock beneficially owned by each of them, or that they
otherwise have the power to vote:

 

for adoption and approval of the merger
    agreement, the merger and the transactions contemplated thereby;
    and

 

against any acquisition proposal and against any
    action or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result
    in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any
    other obligation or agreement of JDN under the merger agreement
    or which would reasonably be expected to result in any of the
    conditions to the merger agreement not being fulfilled.

However, nothing in the voting agreement will
limit or restrict an individual from acting in his capacity as a
director or officer of JDN. As of the record date for the JDN
special meeting, these persons beneficially owned, excluding
stock options, a total
of                 shares
of JDN common stock, representing
approximately      % of the outstanding
shares of JDN common stock entitled to vote at the JDN special
meeting.

Voting on Other Matters

JDN is not now aware of any matters to be
presented at the JDN special meeting except for those described
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. If any other matters
not described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are
properly presented at the meeting, the proxy holders will use
their own judgment to determine how to vote your JDN common
stock. If the meeting is adjourned or postponed, your JDN common
stock may be voted by the proxy holders on the new meeting date
as well, unless you have revoked your proxy instructions before
that date.

How You May Revoke Your Proxy
Instructions

To revoke your proxy instructions, you must
(1) so advise JDN in writing or by facsimile before your
JDN common stock has been voted by the proxy holders at the
meeting, (2) deliver to JDN before the date of the meeting
your revised proxy instructions, or (3) attend the meeting
and vote your JDN common stock in person.

How Votes Are Counted

A quorum of shares of JDN common stock entitled
to vote must be present in person or by proxy at the JDN special
meeting in order for JDN to hold a vote on the proposal to
approve the merger agreement and the merger. A majority of the
outstanding shares of JDN common stock entitled to vote
constitutes a quorum. If you have returned valid proxy
instructions or attend the meeting in person, your JDN common
stock will be counted for the purpose of determining whether
there is a quorum, even if you wish to abstain from voting on
some or all matters introduced at the meeting. If you hold your
JDN common stock through a broker, bank or other nominee, the
nominee may only vote the shares of JDN common stock which it
holds for you as provided by your instructions. If it has not
received your instructions by the tenth day before the meeting,
the nominee may not vote on the merger agreement and the merger.
Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a
vote against the proposal to approve the merger agreement and
the merger.

Cost of This Proxy Solicitation

JDN will pay the cost of its proxy solicitation.
In addition to soliciting proxies by mail, telephone and the
Internet, JDN has
engaged                               ,
a proxy solicitation firm, to assist in obtaining proxies from
its



common shareholders on a timely basis. JDN will
pay                               s
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses plus a
$                    fee
for these services. JDN will, upon request, reimburse brokers,
banks and other nominees for their reasonable expenses in
sending proxy materials to their principals and obtaining their
proxies.

JDN also expects that several of its employees
will solicit JDN common shareholders personally and by
telephone. None of these employees will receive any additional
or special compensation for doing this.

List of JDN Common Shareholders

A list of JDN common shareholders entitled to
vote at the JDN special meeting will be available at the JDN
special meeting and for ten days before the meeting between the
hours of 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, at
JDNs corporate offices located at 359 East Paces Ferry
Road, Suite 400, Atlanta, Georgia 30305. You may arrange to
view this list by contacting John D. Harris, Jr., the Secretary
of JDN.

THE MERGER

Structure of the Merger

Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement,
and subject to certain conditions being satisfied or waived, DDR
Transitory Sub, Inc. will merge with and into JDN with JDN
surviving the merger as a majority-owned subsidiary of DDR. At
the effective time of the merger, each share of JDN common stock
will be converted into 0.518 of a DDR common share, with cash
being paid in lieu of fractional shares. Each share of JDN
Series A Preferred Stock will be converted into one DDR
Voting Preferred Share. The DDR Voting Preferred Shares issued
in the merger will have preferences, conversion and other
rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends,
qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption in all
material respects identical to those of JDN Series A
Preferred Stock, and, in addition will include the right to one
vote per share on all matters on which holders of DDR common
shares may vote.

Background of the Merger

JDNs predecessor was founded in 1978 and,
since that time, has developed, redeveloped, acquired, leased
and managed power and community shopping centers located
primarily in the southeastern United States. In March 1994, JDN
successfully completed its initial public offering in order to
de-lever its balance sheet and improve its overall cost of
capital, and obtain greater access to capital to support its
development pipeline. At the time of its initial public
offering, JDN had 33 properties and has since grown, increasing
its portfolio to 99 properties as of September 30,
2002.

In February 2000, JDN announced that it had
discovered undisclosed compensation arrangements with two
executive officers of JDN Development Company, Inc., JDNs
development subsidiary (JDN Development), additional
unauthorized benefits to these same two executive officers, and
undisclosed related party transactions involving these two
officers and the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
JDN, J. Donald Nichols. As a result of this discovery, a special
committee of the JDN board of directors (the Special
Committee) was formed to, among other things, conduct an
inquiry into these matters. Immediately prior to this
announcement, the two executive officers of JDN Development
resigned and Mr. Nichols resigned his management positions
with JDN, remaining as a non-executive chairman of the board.

Beginning on February 15, 2000, 19 or more
class action lawsuits alleging violations of the federal
securities laws were filed against JDN. The lawsuits were
ultimately consolidated under the caption 
In re JDN Realty
Corporation Securities Litigation 
in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. On
July 21, 2000, several derivative actions were filed
against JDN that were consolidated under the caption of 
Rubin
v. J.D. Nichols, et al. 
in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Georgia. The derivative lawsuits
alleged claims for breach of fiduciary duties, abuse of control,
waste, unjust enrichment and gross mismanagement.



In April 2000, as a result of additional
findings of the Special Committee, JDN announced the discovery
of discrepancies in cost and other information underlying
certain leases and real estate sales agreements with its two
largest tenants. Mr. Nichols resigned as chairman of the
board, along with JDNs Chief Financial Officer. On
April 12, 2000, Mr. Craig Macnab, a member of
JDNs board, was appointed Chief Executive Officer by the
board, and Mr. John D. Harris, Jr., JDNs Controller,
was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer.

As a result of the undisclosed compensation
arrangements and cost discrepancies discussed above, JDN
violated certain covenants under its major credit facilities.
JDN was subsequently downgraded by the credit rating agencies
and faced a significant liquidity crisis. With the announced
discrepancies and management changes combined with the fact that
JDN was unable to, and had not, filed its Annual Report on
Form 10-K for 1999, JDN had virtually no access to external
capital on financially reasonable terms.

At a meeting of the Special Committee on
April 27, 2000, Mr. Macnab reported that he had
received several inquiries from investment banking firms with
respect to financing alternatives and from other third parties
regarding potential strategic transactions with JDN. The Special
Committee determined that it was important to finalize its
negotiations with its two largest tenants over the cost
discrepancies and cure defaults under its credit facilities
before engaging a financial advisor or considering strategic
alternatives.

In May 2000, JDN and its two largest tenants
entered into a settlement agreement that contained a financial
settlement and reaffirmed the terms of all existing leases and
real estate sales agreements. During this period, management of
JDN continued its discussions with potential financial advisors
at the direction of the Special Committee.

Simultaneously with executing the settlement
agreement with its two largest tenants, JDN amended its credit
facility to cure all existing defaults, convert the outstanding
loans from unsecured to secured obligations, increase the
interest rates on outstanding borrowings, reduce the maximum
availability and shorten the maturity of the facility to June
2001. This amendment provided JDN with the liquidity to operate
its business, but at a much greater cost and with significantly
increased restrictions on its operations.

In June 2000, JDN filed its annual report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999 wherein
it restated its financial statements as of and for the years
ended December 31, 1994 through 1998 and its quarterly
results for each quarter in 1998 and for the first three
quarters of 1999 to reflect additional expenses related to the
undisclosed compensation and cost discrepancies discussed above.
JDN also filed suit against three of its former officers and its
former law firm, alleging claims for, among other things, breach
of fiduciary duty and legal malpractice.

In August 2000, the SEC initiated a formal
civil investigation of JDN relating to the undisclosed
compensation arrangements and related party transactions
discussed above.

As a result of the governance, accounting and
legal issues that JDN faced at that time, its access to capital
continued to be severely limited. Accordingly, JDNs board
approved the engagement of Lazard Frres & Co. LLC in
August 2000 as JDNs exclusive investment banker in
connection with exploration of financial and strategic
alternatives.

Beginning in August 2000, Lazard performed
extensive due diligence on JDN in order to provide the board
with an in-depth review of JDNs operations and assets.
Lazards due diligence included site visits to many of
JDNs properties, detailed financial analysis of each of
JDNs operating properties and development properties, and
detailed analysis of JDNs non-income-producing land
properties.

In November 2000, Lazard made another
presentation to the board regarding its preliminary evaluation
of financing and strategic alternatives. Subsequently, Lazard
continued its due diligence as management continued to update
and refine financial information on JDNs operating,
development and non-income-producing land portfolios used by
Lazard in its continuing analysis.

In February 2001, Lazard made a presentation to
JDNs board based on its analysis of JDNs financial
condition and strategic business plan. The board and Lazard
discussed in detail the various alternatives that might maximize
shareholder value. However, given the status of the class action
litigation, the board did not



authorize Lazard or management to pursue any
strategic or financing alternatives. Lazard conducted additional
valuation analyses during February and March 2001, taking into
account the impact of the ongoing class action litigation,
negotiations concerning the refinancing of JDNs line of
credit, and progress on JDNs development portfolio.

In March 2001, JDN executed a new credit facility
that expanded availability, provided the possibility of reduced
rates and extended the maturity date to December 31, 2002.

At JDNs annual board meeting on
May 17, 2001, Lazard engaged in an extensive discussion
with the board related to various financing and strategic
alternatives designed to maximize shareholder value. The board
determined that it was not prudent to pursue any of the
financing or strategic alternatives at that time due to the
advanced settlement discussions with the plaintiff class.

In July 2001, JDN announced that it had reached a
settlement agreement with respect to the securities and
derivative litigation arising out of the undisclosed
compensation arrangements and cost discrepancies with tenants.

In August 2001, Lazard provided an overview of
the current capital market conditions to the board and a range
of possible net asset values based on the financial information
provided by JDN and a range of assumptions, including
capitalization rates applicable to JDNs assets, including
its operating, development and non-income producing land
portfolios. Lazard also discussed with the board JDNs
dividend policy and various alternatives with respect to
dividends that the board was considering. The board discussed at
length JDNs long-term strategy. Having reached a
settlement agreement with the plaintiff class, and given the
progress made with the SEC in its investigation, the board began
to consider more seriously strategic alternatives and directed
management to work with Lazard to update its financial analysis
of the company, and to prepare marketing materials for
distribution to potential strategic partners. The board also
directed management to pursue its current operating strategy to
enhance the value of the companys assets.

During the Fall of 2001, Lazard approached 37
potential investors and entered into confidentiality agreements
with, and distributed materials regarding JDN to, 23 of them.
The potential investors included 12 public companies, nine of
which were shopping center REITs; nine private real estate
companies; four pension funds or pension fund advisors, and 12
private equity funds. Preliminary bids from potential acquirors
were requested to be returned by January 23, 2002.

Lazard received preliminary bids to acquire all
or part of JDN from seven public companies and three private
investors. The various bids included cash, stock and other
securities as consideration and fell in the range of $9.67 to
$13.15 per share based on certain assumptions relating to the
value of the consideration as of the date an offer was made.

In November 2001, DDR executed a confidentiality
agreement and began to review information relating to JDN. DDR
retained Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor in connection
with the evaluation of a potential business combination with
JDN. On January 24, 2002, DDR submitted an initial proposal
that included an offer to acquire a portfolio of JDNs
assets for $8.32 per share to be paid in DDR common shares and a
liquidation of JDNs remaining assets. Upon liquidation of
those assets, additional amounts would be distributed to
JDNs shareholders.

On January 30, 2002, the JDN board met to
review all of the bids from potential acquirors. As to each bid,
the board considered the amount offered, the nature of the
consideration, the timing of a closing, certainty of financing
and certainty of closing. A publicly held company (Company
A) originally offered a cash bid of $12.50 per share,
which was subsequently increased to $13.00 per share in late
January 2002. Based on all of the factors the board considered,
including, but not limited to, the relative attractiveness of
Company As bid, Company As financial
capability, greater deal certainty, the complexity and expense
of the diligence process, and Company As ability to
quickly and efficiently perform due diligence, the bid by
Company A was deemed the best alternative in which to
maximize shareholder value. The board also considered Company
As request for exclusivity and expense reimbursement and
determined that agreeing to Company As expense
reimbursement request was beneficial to JDN because of the
perceived limited probability that JDN would be required to
reimburse Company A for any reason other than the
acceptance of



a superior offer, which also appeared to be
unlikely at the time given the depth of the initial marketing
process and the consideration offered by the other bidders. On
February 15, 2002, JDN entered into a non-binding letter
agreement with Company A, which granted Company A limited
expense reimbursement, but did not provide exclusivity.

In late January 2002 and early
February 2002, JDN established a data room containing due
diligence material on JDN at the offices of King & Spalding.
Beginning in February 2002, representatives of Company A,
its legal counsel, accountants and third party consultants
visited the data room as Company A coordinated its due
diligence of JDN. Company A also visited a majority of
JDNs properties and land holdings, and held telephone
conversations between the legal advisors for the two companies
regarding due diligence, as well as conversations between the
companies financial advisors regarding diligence and
valuation of JDN.

In February 2002, JDN also entered into a
settlement agreement with the SEC that resulted in no monetary
fines to JDN.

On February 26, 2002, JDNs board held
its regularly scheduled meeting, which was attended by attorneys
from King & Spalding, JDNs outside legal counsel in
the transaction, and representatives from Lazard. The Lazard
representatives discussed with the board their process with
respect to activities with Company A, and the board
requested that Lazard continue these efforts. The board then
discussed with legal counsel its fiduciary duties to JDNs
shareholders.

In March 2002, after conducting extensive due
diligence, Company A notified JDN that it no longer wished to
pursue a transaction with JDN and subsequently withdrew its
offer. Company A was not entitled to, and did not receive, any
expense reimbursement under the letter agreement. The stated
rationale for Company As withdrawal was its view that the
anticipated returns on certain development projects would be
lower than they had originally projected, undeveloped land held
by JDN was significant, potentially illiquid and difficult to
value, and the conditions in the geographic markets for certain
of JDNs properties were unfavorable. After declining to
proceed with the transaction, Company A orally indicated to
Lazard that after completing its diligence, Company As
internal valuation suggested that JDNs stock should be
valued at less than $10.00 per share.

After JDN had ended its discussions with Company
A, Lazard and management accelerated discussions on behalf of
JDN with a private investor (Company B). On
April 19, 2002, JDN entered into a mutual confidentiality
agreement with Company B, which was subsequently extended
through May 3, 2002, pursuant to which JDN agreed to
limited exclusivity. Company B submitted an initial bid in the
amount of $13.15, but subsequently revised its offer downward to
$12.70 per share in cash. JDN and Lazard pursued a possible
strategic transaction with Company B, but these discussions
eventually ceased due to Company Bs inability to
demonstrate the financial capacity to consummate a transaction.

In May 2002, pursuant to several discussions
conducted by management and Lazard, a publicly traded shopping
center REIT (Company C), offered to merge with JDN
pursuant to an oral bid of the then current market price for
JDNs common stock. When asked to submit a formal offer in
writing for consideration by the JDN board at its May 30,
2002 meeting, Company C did not respond.

On May 30, 2002, Lazard made a presentation
at the annual meeting of the board, describing the process
through which it had solicited potential candidates to merge
with JDN, discussing in detail each candidate that had indicated
an interest in JDN and any subsequent discussions with that
candidate. The board and Lazard discussed the various financing
and strategic alternatives to JDN in order to maximize
shareholder value. Lazard reviewed with the board the various
underwriting criteria of the bidders applied to value JDN,
market conditions for retail REITs in general and the risks of
operating the company as a going concern, as opposed to the
risks associated with a strategic transaction. Lazard believed
that it had explored potential transactions with the most likely
financial buyers, but determined that it could re-evaluate the
viability of a transaction with a strategic buyer due to the
increase in stock prices for publicly traded real estate
companies since the time the original bids had been submitted.
The board also considered other potential options, including
JDNs ongoing development activities and whether they
should be discontinued, JDNs current



dividend policy, the maturities of JDNs
credit facility and its publicly traded debt, and the potential
renewal of certain employment agreements. After an extensive
discussion of JDNs strategic business plan and its ability
to maximize shareholder value, the board decided that Lazard
should again approach credible strategic partners for JDN and
present to the board any and all offers for a strategic
transaction by July 31, 2002. The board indicated that it
would consider the best offer and compare it to a strategy of
forgoing a transaction altogether and continuing to operate the
business on its own. In addition, the board indicated its
intention not to renew the employment agreement of its chief
executive officer, and appointed a search committee for a
replacement.

In June 2002, Lazard resumed discussions with a
number of potential strategic partners, including DDR, Company
C, a publicly traded grocery-anchored shopping center REIT
(Company D), a private real estate investor
(Company E), and two other publicly traded shopping
center REITs (Company F and Company G).
Lazard also contacted a number of additional private buyers that
had expressed interest in JDN earlier in the process of
analyzing strategic alternatives.

On July 18, 2002, DDR made a non-binding
proposal for a stock-for-stock merger with JDN based on a fixed
exchange ratio with a maximum implied value of $11.50 per share.
On July 23, 2002, the JDN board met telephonically with
Lazard to discuss DDRs offer, at which time the board
authorized management and Lazard to negotiate with DDR in an
attempt to improve the financial terms of DDRs offer and
to continue to solicit offers from other parties, including
Companies C, D, E, F and G. On July 26, 2002, JDN
provided a revised term sheet to DDR that contained a higher
fixed exchange ratio than was previously offered by DDR and
eliminated or limited some of the contingencies included in
DDRs July 18, 2002 offer.

On July 31, 2002, members of JDNs and
DDRs senior management, Lazard, and Goldman Sachs met at
Lazards offices in New York to discuss the terms of a
potential transaction. The parties agreed that DDR would
continue its due diligence, and DDR requested exclusivity to
pursue a potential transaction. However, because JDN was in
various stages of due diligence with other potential strategic
partners and expected proposals from some or all of these
potential partners, this request was not granted.

After additional due diligence and negotiations
with JDNs management, on August 8, 2002, DDR
submitted a revised bid that provided a fixed exchange ratio
without a cap, which at the time amounted to a 3% premium to the
closing price of JDNs common stock.

Each of Company C, Company D and Company E also
submitted a new bid. On August 12, 2002, Company C proposed
an at-the-market merger based on the volume-weighted average
price of each of the companies stock for the 20 prior
days, which had an implied value at the time of approximately
$11.45 per share. Company D also submitted a bid on
August 12, consisting of 40% cash and 60% stock valued at
$11.75 per share, and then revised its bid the next day to
consist of 50% cash and 50% stock valued at $12.25 per share.
Company E submitted a bid valued at less than $9.00 per share.
Company F submitted an oral offer of $10.00 per share. Company G
wanted only to purchase a portion of JDNs assets and did
not submit an offer.

On August 13, 2002, Lazard presented to the
board a preliminary analysis of the potential transactions with
DDR, Company C and Company D. This presentation included an
analysis of the relative market positions within the REIT
industry of each of JDN, DDR, Company C and Company D, an
overview of DDR, Company C and Company D, and a summary of a
combined company following a potential merger. After a lengthy
discussion, the board conditionally selected DDR provided that
agreement could be reached with respect to certain open issues,
including setting the exchange ratio based on JDNs trading
price at that time. The board selected DDR because of the
financial benefits of a merger with DDR, the fact that DDR had
performed substantial due diligence on JDN and the pricing of
DDRs offer was considered to be firm relative to offers
from Company C and Company D. Company C had stated that its
offer was contingent upon its ability to finance the transaction
and maintain its investment grade credit rating. Based on
Company Cs investment grade rating requirement, the
existence of other contingencies and Company Cs limited
due diligence, the board considered Company Cs bid not to
be firm. The board also believed that Company Ds bid was
preliminary and may eventually be subject to a price adjustment,
based on the limited due diligence it had completed and Company
Ds inexperience with development assets. In addition,
based on DDRs financial strength, history of processing
and closing large transactions and perceived ability to close the



transaction at the negotiated exchange ratio, the
board believed that DDRs bid represented the best
long-term and strategic value for the shareholders. In this
discussion, the board also considered the option of operating
JDN as an independent company. The board strongly believed that
there was a value below which JDN should not proceed with any
potential transaction. However, based on JDNs capital
constraints, high cost of capital, pending maturities of debt
and uncertainty of continuity of management, the board
determined that a transaction with DDR at the negotiated
exchange ratio represented a more attractive strategic
alternative for JDN shareholders than operating the company on a
stand alone basis without a transaction.

After further discussions with DDR, on
August 14, 2002, JDN entered into a non-binding letter of
intent with DDR for a stock-for-stock merger at a fixed exchange
ratio of 0.518 of a share of DDR common shares for each share of
JDN common stock. The letter of intent was subject to the
completion of satisfactory diligence and the negotiation of the
definitive agreement. The exchange ratio was set based on the
closing prices of JDN common stock and DDR common shares on
August 13, 2002 and represented no premium or discount to
the market price at that time. The letter of intent provided for
adjustment of the fixed exchange ratio if the implied value per
share of JDN common stock at the time of executing an agreement
exceeded $12.00 or was less than $11.00, based on the 10-day
average closing price of DDR common shares. The letter of intent
also provided exclusivity to DDR through September 20,
2002, during which time the parties agreed to complete due
diligence and negotiate definitive transaction documents. The
board believed that the exclusivity arrangement with DDR would
not foreclose the ability to reinitiate discussions with
previous bidders, including Company C and Company D, if a
transaction with DDR could not be consummated.

On August 19, 2002, representatives of DDR,
its legal counsel and its accountants visited the data room
containing JDN due diligence material established at the offices
of JDNs legal counsel. DDRs representatives and
their legal, accounting and financial advisors conducted due
diligence on JDN from this date until execution of the
definitive agreement. A similar data room containing DDR due
diligence material was established at DDRs headquarters in
Cleveland, Ohio. Representatives of JDN and its legal,
accounting and financial advisors visited the DDR data room
during the week of September 2, 2002 and met with senior
management of DDR. During this period, there were also numerous
telephone conversations between the legal advisors for the two
companies regarding due diligence and legal structure, as well
as conversations between the companies financial advisors
regarding financial diligence and financial analyses of the
companies.

On August 26, 2002, a draft merger agreement
was circulated among DDR and JDN and their respective legal and
financial advisors. On September 5 and 6, 2002, representatives
of DDR, its legal counsel and JDNs legal counsel met in
New York at the offices Willkie Farr & Gallagher, DDRs
outside legal counsel for the transaction. The parties discussed
the draft merger agreement and due diligence issues that had
arisen during the course of the parties due diligence
reviews.

On September 10, 2002, Company B submitted a
new proposal with an offer of $10.10 per share, lower than its
revised offer of $12.70 in April 2002. JDN did not respond to
this offer.

During the period from September 10 through
October 3, 2002, DDR and JDN, in consultation with their
legal and financial advisors, reviewed and commented on the
merger agreement and related documents and finalized the terms
of the merger, including meetings in New York at the offices of
Willkie Farr & Gallagher on September 16 and again on
October 1 and 2, 2002. The principal issues discussed during
these negotiations were, among other things, the
representations, warranties and covenants made by each of DDR
and JDN, the covenants of DDR and JDN with regard to the conduct
of their business during the period between signing the merger
agreement and closing the merger, the appropriate amounts of the
termination fees and expense reimbursement and the circumstances
under which they should be payable, the conditions under which a
breach by either party of a representation or warranty would
give the non-breaching party the right to terminate the merger
agreement, the terms of severance and benefits for JDNs
employees, the effect of the merger on JDNs outstanding
stock options, the indemnification of JDNs directors and
officers, the scope of the closing conditions, and the terms of
a closing agreement between JDN and the Internal Revenue Service.



On September 16, 2002, Messrs. Macnab
and Wolstein met in Colorado to visit a number of JDNs
properties and to discuss the strategic vision of the combined
company, how to effectively integrate the operations of the two
companies, and significant open issues related to the merger
agreement.

On September 19, 2002, in anticipation of
the expiration of the exclusivity period on September 20,
2002, JDNs board met telephonically to discuss the
potential transaction with DDR. JDNs legal counsel
described the discussions to date with DDR and the mechanics and
processes involved in the potential merger transaction.
Mr. Macnab discussed the potential benefits to JDNs
shareholders from a merger with DDR. Lazard discussed its
activities to date with respect to the potential transaction and
reviewed materials it prepared, which included an analysis of
the relative market positions of JDN and DDR. The board further
discussed generally the perceived strategic benefit to JDN and
its shareholders of a merger with DDR. Based upon the
information provided to the board and their discussions with
management and advisors regarding the potential transaction, the
board determined that JDN should evaluate further a potential
business combination with DDR and authorized JDNs
management to continue the discussions with DDR regarding a
possible transaction. The board gave direction to management
regarding the terms of the merger, but no formal action was
taken at the meeting with respect to the proposed merger, except
that the board concluded that the due diligence period should
not expire but should be extended an additional week.

Management of JDN and DDR along with their
respective advisors continued to complete due diligence and to
negotiate the terms of the merger agreement and eventually
extended the exclusivity until October 4, 2002.

On October 3, 2002, the DDR board held a
meeting to approve the merger agreement and the merger.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs delivered its oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated
October 4, 2002, to the effect that, as of that date and based
upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth
therein, the exchange ratio in the merger agreement was fair,
from a financial point of view, to DDR. DDRs counsel
discussed with the board, among other things, their fiduciary
duties and the material terms of the merger agreement.
DDRs board reviewed and discussed the information
presented by management and DDRs legal and financial
advisors, together with the opinion delivered by Goldman Sachs.
At the conclusion of the discussion, DDRs board
unanimously approved the merger, the merger agreement and the
other transactions contemplated thereby.

On October 4, 2002, a special meeting of
JDNs board was held at which members of management and
representatives of JDNs financial and legal advisors were
present. Mr. Macnab made a presentation to the board
regarding the background and events leading up to the meeting
with respect to the proposed merger with DDR. Mr. Macnab
then set forth the reasons that management believed a strategic
merger with DDR would be beneficial to JDN and its shareholders,
which reasons are described under the heading
 JDNs Reasons for the Merger;
Recommendation of the JDN Board below. Representatives of
Lazard then made a presentation regarding the proposed merger
with DDR, including a comparison of the proposed transaction
with DDR to recent comparable transactions, an overview of DDR
and financial analysis of both DDR and JDN. Representatives of
Lazard also discussed with the board their diligence of DDR in
connection with the proposed transaction. A summary of this
presentation is described below under the heading
 Opinion of JDNs Investment Banker,
Lazard Frres & Co. LLC. JDNs legal counsel
then made a presentation to the board in which it explained the
material terms of the proposed merger agreement, including
representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions,
termination rights and related fees and expense reimbursement
provisions, briefed the board on certain legal issues raised by
the proposed merger, described for the board the legal due
diligence performed on DDR that had been conducted in connection
with the proposed merger, and discussed with the board its
fiduciary duties in connection with the proposed transaction.
Lazard then delivered to the board its opinion that as of that
date, the exchange ratio to be offered to the holders of JDN
common stock (other than DDR and its affiliates) pursuant to the
proposed merger agreement was fair from a financial point of
view to such holders of the outstanding JDN common stock.
Following such presentations, and after extensive discussion of
the advantages and potential risks of the proposed merger as
described under the heading  JDNs Reasons
for the Merger; Recommendation of the JDN Board below, the
board unanimously approved the merger, the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby and recommended that its
shareholders approve the transaction.



The merger agreement was executed by the parties
on October 4, 2002.

DDRs Reasons for the Merger;
Recommendation of the DDR Board

The DDR board of directors has approved and
adopted the merger agreement and the merger and has recommended
submission of the merger agreement and the merger to a vote of
shareholders. The DDR board believes that the terms of the
merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, including the issuance of
DDR common shares and DDR Voting Preferred Shares to JDN
shareholders, the amendment to the DDR articles of incorporation
to authorize and fix the terms of the DDR Voting Preferred
Shares, the increase in the number of directors to 11 and the
nomination of
Mr.                               to
the board of directors are advisable and fair to, and in the
best interests of, DDR and its shareholders.

Set forth below is a discussion of material
positive and negative factors considered by the DDR board of
directors in making its determination to adopt and approve the
merger agreement and the merger.

Positive Factors Considered by
the DDR Board

In making its determination with respect to the
merger agreement and the merger, the DDR board considered a
number of factors, including the following material positive
factors:

 

JDNs portfolio of properties is generally
    similar to that of DDR as to the types and geographic location
    of properties and DDRs management, which is experienced in
    dealing with properties of these types and in these locations,
    believes that it will be able to increase the rates of returns
    from JDNs portfolio;

 

the uniqueness of the opportunity presented by
    the merger for DDR to enhance its portfolio by broadening
    existing tenant relationships and increasing its concentration
    in existing markets, and the view of DDR senior management that
    this portfolio likely could not be replicated through
    acquisitions of individual assets;

 

the embedded growth provided by the 21
    development projects JDN has under construction, representing
    approximately 3.2 million square feet of owned GLA and
    approximately 6.8 million of total GLA projected through
    2004 and by JDNs 17 pipeline development projects,
    representing approximately 3.0 million square feet of total
    GLA;

 

the potential for the merger, by increasing the
    number of shopping center properties operated by DDR by
    approximately 24% based on GLA, to establish DDR as the second
    largest shopping center REIT in the United States;

 

estimated cost savings and reductions in expenses
    of approximately $7 million following the merger through
    reductions in corporate and executive staff and reductions in
    office space requirements;

 

managements belief that the increased size
    of DDR following the merger would provide greater financial
    flexibility to the combined company and that its increased
    equity market capitalization would result in greater liquidity
    for DDRs shareholders;

 

the potential for DDR to manage JDNs
    shopping center properties efficiently following the merger as a
    result of the significant geographic overlap of DDRs and
    JDNs office portfolios;

 

the reduction in the proportion of joint ventures
    as a percent of the assets of DDR; and

 

the opinion, analyses and presentations of
    Goldman Sachs described under  Opinion of
    DDRs Financial Advisor, Goldman, Sachs & Co.
    beginning on page 45, including the opinion of Goldman
    Sachs that, as of the date of that opinion, and based upon and
    subject to the factors and assumptions set forth therein, the
    exchange ratio of 0.518 of a DDR common share to be issued in
    respect of each share of JDN common stock is fair from a
    financial point of view to DDR.



Negative Factors Considered by
the DDR Board

The DDR board of directors also considered the
following potentially material negative factors in its
deliberations concerning the merger and the merger agreement:

 

JDN does not own the majority of the Wal-Mart
    stores at its operating properties;

 

the risk that the anticipated benefits of the
    merger to DDR and its shareholders might not be fully realized
    as a result of any inability to achieve the anticipated cost
    savings and reduction in expenses and other potential
    difficulties in integrating the two companies and their
    respective operations;

 

the limitations on DDRs ability to sell a
    substantial number of JDN properties resulting from restrictions
    imposed by mortgage loans on certain of the properties;

 

the significant cost involved in connection with
    completing the merger and the substantial management time and
    effort required to effect the merger and integrate the
    businesses of DDR and JDN; and

 

the risk that the merger might not be completed
    based upon the failure to satisfy covenants or closing
    conditions and the resulting interruption to the business of DDR.

The above discussion is not intended to be
exhaustive of all factors considered by the DDR board, but does
set forth material positive and negative factors considered by
the DDR board of directors. At the October 3, 2002, special
meeting of the board, the DDR directors unanimously adopted and
approved the merger agreement and the merger in light of the
various factors described above and other factors that each such
member of the DDR board of directors felt was appropriate. In
view of the wide variety of factors considered by the DDR board
in connection with its evaluation of the merger and the
complexity of these matters, the DDR board did not consider it
practical, and did not attempt, to quantify, rank or otherwise
assign relative weights to the specific factors it considered in
reaching its decision. Rather, the DDR board made its
determination based on the totality of information presented to
and the investigation conducted by it. In considering the
factors discussed above, individual directors may have given
different weights to different factors.

Opinion of DDRs Financial Advisor,
Goldman, Sachs & Co.

Goldman Sachs has delivered its written opinion
to DDRs board of directors to the effect that, as of
October 4, 2002, and based upon and subject to the factors
and assumptions set forth therein, the exchange ratio of 0.518
of a DDR common share to be issued in respect of each share of
JDN common stock is fair from a financial point of view to DDR.

The full text of the written opinion of
Goldman Sachs, dated October 4, 2002, which sets forth the
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the
opinion, is attached as Annex B. Goldman Sachs provided its
opinion for the information and assistance of DDRs board
of directors in connection with its consideration of the merger.
The Goldman Sachs opinion does not constitute a recommendation
to any holder of DDR common shares as to how they should vote.
Holders of DDR common shares are urged to read the opinion in
its entirety.

In connection with rendering the opinion
described above and performing its related financial analysis,
Goldman Sachs, among other things:

 

reviewed the merger agreement;

 

reviewed the Annual Reports to Shareholders and
    Annual Reports on Form 10-K of DDR and JDN for the five
    years ended December 31, 2001;

 

reviewed certain interim reports to shareholders
    and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q of DDR and JDN;

 

reviewed certain other communications from DDR
    and JDN to their respective shareholders;

 

reviewed certain internal financial analyses and
    forecasts for DDR prepared by its management;



 

reviewed certain internal financial analyses and
    forecasts for JDN prepared by its management;

 

reviewed certain internal financial analyses and
    forecasts for JDN prepared by the management of DDR, including
    certain cost savings and operating synergies projected by the
    management of DDR to result from the transaction contemplated by
    the merger agreement;

 

held discussions with members of the senior
    managements of DDR and JDN regarding their assessment of the
    strategic rationale for, and the potential benefits of, the
    transaction contemplated by the merger agreement and the past
    and current business operations, financial condition and future
    prospects of DDR and JDN;

 

reviewed the reported price and trading activity
    for the DDR common shares and JDN common stock;

 

compared certain financial and stock market
    information for DDR and JDN with similar information for certain
    other companies the securities of which are publicly traded; and

 

reviewed the financial terms of certain recent
    business combinations in the real estate industry specifically
    and in other industries generally and performed such other
    studies and analyses as it considered appropriate.

Goldman Sachs relied upon the accuracy and
completeness of all of the financial, accounting and other
information discussed with or reviewed by it and assumed such
accuracy and completeness for purposes of rendering its opinion.
In that regard, Goldman Sachs assumed, with DDRs consent,
that certain financial analyses and forecasts for JDN prepared
by the management of DDR, including certain cost savings and
operating synergies projected by the management of DDR to result
from the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement, were
reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the management of
DDRs best currently available estimates and judgments, and
that these forecasts and synergies would be realized in the
amounts and time periods contemplated thereby. In addition,
Goldman Sachs did not make an independent evaluation or
appraisal of the assets and liabilities (including any
derivative or off-balance-sheet assets and liabilities) of DDR
or JDN or any of their respective subsidiaries and Goldman Sachs
was not furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. DDR
instructed Goldman Sachs to assume for purposes of its opinion
that, as contemplated by the merger agreement: (i) the
merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to
the Internal Revenue Code; (ii) commencing with its short
taxable year ended December 31, 1994, JDN has been
organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements
for qualification as a REIT within the meaning of the Internal
Revenue Code; and (iii) prior to the closing of the merger,
JDN will enter into a closing agreement with the Internal
Revenue Service, the aggregate amount of any payment made or
payable pursuant to or in connection with the closing agreement
shall not exceed the aggregate of certain dividends or
distributions otherwise payable by JDN to its shareholders under
the merger agreement prior to the closing and any dividends or
distributions paid to holders of JDN common stock from and after
the date of the merger agreement shall be reduced by the amount
of the payments related to the closing agreement.

The following is a summary of the material
financial analyses used by Goldman Sachs in connection with
rendering the opinion described above. The following summary,
however, does not purport to be a complete description of the
analyses performed by Goldman Sachs. The order of analyses
described, and the results of those analyses, do not represent
relative importance or weight given to those analyses by Goldman
Sachs. Some of the summaries of the financial analyses include
information presented in tabular format. In order fully to
understand such analyses, the tables must be read together with
the full text of each summary and are alone not a complete
description of Goldman Sachs financial analyses. Except as
otherwise noted, the following quantitative information, to the
extent that it is based on market data, is based on market data
as it existed on or before October 3, 2002 and is not
necessarily indicative of current market conditions.



Selected Companies
Analysis

Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared certain
financial and stock market information for JDN with the
following publicly traded shopping center real estate companies:

 

DDR

 

Federal Realty Investment Trust

 

IRT Property Company

 

Kimco Realty Corporation

 

New Plan Excel Realty Trust, Inc.

 

Pan Pacific Retail Properties, Inc.

 

Regency Centers Corp.

 

Weingarten Realty Investors

The historical financial data used was based on
publicly available financial statements for each of the selected
companies. Market data used was as of September 30, 2002.
Annual dividend yields were based on estimates from the
Institutional Brokerage Estimate System, or I/ B/ E/ S, a data
service that compiles estimates of securities research analysts.
Estimates of funds from operations, or FFO, were based on
calendarized median estimates from I/ B/ E/ S. Estimates of
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization,
or EBITDA, for 2002 were based on Goldman Sachs equity research
analysts estimates, except for Pan Pacific Retail
Properties, Inc. and JDN, which were based on estimates by
equity research analysts at Wachovia Securities, Inc. and
McDonald Investments Inc., respectively.

The following table compares certain information
derived by Goldman Sachs with respect to JDN, based on both the
closing price for JDN common stock on September 30, 2002,
which was $12.08, and the implied value of the exchange ratio on
September 30, 2002, which was $11.40, based on the closing
price for the DDR common shares on that date, as well as
estimates of 2002 and 2003 FFO from I/ B/ E/ S and the
management of DDR, and the selected companies:

FFO Estimates from I/B/E/S

FFO Estimates from DDR

JDN

JDN

(Implied

(Implied

Selected Companies

Value of

JDN

Value of

JDN

Exchange

(September 30,

Exchange

(September 30,

High

Median

Mean

Low

Ratio)

2002 Price)

Ratio)

2002 Price)

September 30, 2002 stock price as a
    percentage of 52 week high

99.2%

94.2%

93.9%

87.8%

86.4%

91.5%

86.4%

91.5%

Annual dividend yield

8.9%

6.8%

7.0%

5.5%

9.5%

8.9%

9.5%

8.9%

Total market capitalization ($mm)

$

4,920.2

$

3.512.5

$

3,054.7

$

714.1

$

1,041.6

$

1,065.3

$

1,041.6

$

1,065.3

Net debt as a percentage of total market
    capitalization

46.8%

40.1%

39.5%

29.5%

57.1%

55.8%

57.1%

55.8%

Net debt plus preferred stock as a percentage of
    total market capitalization

60.7%

46.0%

46.3%

34.0%

61.9%

60.5%

61.9%

60.5%

Stock price as a multiple of estimated 2002 FFO

11.8x

10.4x

10.3x

8.8x

9.3x

9.8x

N/A

N/A

Stock price as a multiple of estimated 2003 FFO

11.0x

9.8x

9.7x

8.2x

8.7x

9.2x

8.7x

9.1x

Estimated 2002 to 2003 growth rate

7.9%

6.2%

6.1%

3.9%

6.5%

6.5%

N/A

N/A

Stock price as a multiple of 2002 FFO to
    estimated 2002 to 2003 growth rate

2.6x

1.6x

1.7x

1.2x

1.3x

1.4x

N/A

N/A

Stock price as a multiple of estimated 2002 EBITDA

12.9x

12.2x

12.4x

11.8x

14.2x

14.2x

14.2x

14.2x



Accretion/ Dilution
Analysis

Goldman Sachs performed a pro forma analysis of
the financial impact of the merger using estimates of earnings
per share, or EPS, and FFO, for each of DDR and JDN prepared by
the management of DDR. For the year 2003, Goldman Sachs compared
the estimated EPS and FFO per share of JDN common stock on a
stand alone basis to the estimated EPS and FFO per share of the
combined company, both before and after the effect of certain
synergies estimated by the management of DDR to result from the
merger. Goldman Sachs assumed that the closing of the merger
would occur on December 31, 2002, and that DDR would
recognize a full year of the estimated operating synergies.
Based on this analysis, and before taking into account the
effects of synergies estimated by the management of DDR, the
proposed merger would reduce FFO per share by $0.03, or 1.1%,
and EPS by $0.06, or 4.2%, in 2003. After taking into account
the effects of synergies estimated by the management of DDR,
this analysis indicates that the proposed merger would increase
FFO per share by $0.15, or 5.6%, and EPS by $0.11, or 7.5%, in
2003.

Net Asset Value
Analyses

Based on a valuation of JDNs assets
provided by the management of DDR, Goldman Sachs calculated the
implied net asset value, or NAV, per share of JDN common stock
by subtracting debt, preferred stock and other liabilities from
gross asset value. Goldman Sachs calculated gross asset value
based on estimated capitalization rates for each of JDNs
assets supplied by the management of DDR, which on a blended
basis ranged from 9.55% to 10.06% with respect to JDNs net
operating income, or NOI, and ranged from 9.92% to 10.15% with
respect to JDNs development NOI, and then added the value
of land and other assets, based on valuations supplied by the
management of DDR. The results of this analysis are as follows:

Capitalization rate on:

Implied NAV per share of

Operating NOI

Development NOI

JDN

9.55%

9.92%

$

11.97

9.81%

10.04%

$

11.36

10.06%

10.15%

$

10.78

Using information provided by the management of
DDR, Goldman Sachs also calculated the NAV per DDR common share
by subtracting debt, preferred stock and other liabilities from
gross asset value. Goldman Sachs calculated gross asset value by
applying capitalization rates ranging from 9.00% to 9.50% to
DDRs NOI and then added the value of other assets and fee
income, based on valuations supplied by the management of DDR.
The results of this analysis are as follows:

Implied NAV

Capitalization rate

per DDR share

9.00%

$

24.03

9.25%

$

22.69

9.50%

$

21.41

Discounted Cash Flow
Analysis

Goldman Sachs performed a discounted cash flow
analysis to determine a range of implied present values per
share of JDN common stock. In performing this analysis, Goldman
Sachs used estimates for JDNs unlevered cash flow for the
year 2003, prepared by the management of DDR, from which Goldman
Sachs derived estimates of JDNs unlevered cash flow for
the years 2004 to 2007 based on assumptions of NOI and expense
growth supplied by the management of DDR. All cash flows were
discounted back to December 31, 2002. Using discount rates
ranging from 10.0% to 11.0% and terminal values based on 2008
estimated property NOI and capitalization rates ranging from
9.0% to 10.0%, this analysis resulted in a range of implied
present values of $10.80 to $14.27 per share of JDN common stock.



Contribution
Analysis

Goldman Sachs analyzed the relative contributions
of DDR and JDN to the estimated 2003 EBITDA, FFO, and net income
of the combined company. Estimates of 2003 EBITDA, FFO, and net
income were based on projections prepared by the management of
DDR for both DDR and JDN and assumed no impact of certain
potential tax liabilities of JDN. Based on this analysis, before
taking into account any of the synergies estimated by the
management of DDR to result from the merger, JDN would
contribute for fiscal year 2003 the following to the combined
company: 19.5% of EBITDA, 19.8% of FFO and 18.2% of net income.
Based upon the exchange ratio, holders of JDN common stock would
own 21.3% of the common equity of the combined company. This
analysis resulted in a range of implied exchange ratios of
0.429x to 0.478x before taking into account any estimated
synergies and a range of implied exchange ratios of 0.639x to
0.709x after taking into account estimated synergies.

Exchange Ratio
Analysis

Goldman Sachs calculated the average historical
exchange ratios of shares of JDN common stock to DDR common
shares based on the closing prices of shares of JDN common stock
and DDR common shares on September 30, 2002, and for the
one-year, two-year, and three-year periods ending
September 30, 2002. This analysis indicated that the
average adjusted historical exchange ratios for such periods
were 0.549x, 0.588x, 0.683x, and 0.769x, respectively.

Selected Transaction
Analysis

Goldman Sachs reviewed publicly available
information for completed, announced or proposed merger or
acquisition transactions involving shopping center REITs. The
selected transactions considered by Goldman Sachs included:

 

Kimco Realty Corporation/ Konover Property Trust,
    Inc.

 

Kimco Realty Corporation/ The Price REIT, Inc.

 

New Plan Excel Realty Trust, Inc./ CenterAmerica
    Property Trust, L.P.

 

New Plan Realty Trust, Inc./ Excel Realty Trust,
    Inc.

 

Pan Pacific Retail Properties, Inc./ Western
    Properties Trust

 

U.S. Retail Partners, LLC/ First Washington
    Realty Trust, Inc.

The following table compares certain information
with respect to the selected transactions:

The

DDR/JDN

High

Median

Mean

Low

Merger

Premium to target closing stock price one day
    prior to announcement

25.0%

10.5%

6.7%

2.0%

(5.6

)%

Target capitalization rate

10.8%

10.0%

10.0%

9.4%

9.8

%

Implied equity value as a multiple of one-year
    forward FFO

11.6x

10.1x

10.3x

8.2x

8.7

x

Certain information regarding the selected
transactions was not available. The target capitalization rate
for the merger is for operating properties based on DDRs
valuation and does not include the effect of development
capitalization rates, expected to be approximately 10%.

Premium Analysis

Using the closing price of DDR common shares on
September 30, 2002, Goldman Sachs analyzed the merger
exchange ratio of 0.518 of a DDR common share to be issued in
respect of each share of JDN common stock to derive the
transaction premiums or discounts over the one-week, 10-, 30-,
90-, and 180-day,



and one- and two-year average closing prices, and
the September 30, 2002 closing price for shares of JDN
common stock. The results of this analysis are set forth below.

Transaction

(Discount)

September 30, 2002.

(5.6)%

One-week average

(6.8)%

10-day average

(7.0)%

30-day average

(7.9)%

90-day average

(5.6)%

180-day average

(7.4)%

One-year average

(5.6)%

Two-year average

(3.7)%

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description. Selecting portions of the
analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering
the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the
processes underlying Goldman Sachs opinion. In arriving at
its fairness determination, Goldman Sachs considered the results
of all of its analyses and did not attribute any particular
weight to any factor or analysis considered by it. Rather,
Goldman Sachs made its determination as to fairness on the basis
of its experience and professional judgment after considering
the results of all its analyses. No company or transaction used
in the above analyses as a comparison is directly comparable to
DDR, JDN or the merger.

Goldman Sachs prepared these analyses solely for
purposes of Goldman Sachs providing its opinion to the DDR
board of directors. The analyses do not purport to be
appraisals, nor do they necessarily reflect the prices at which
businesses or securities actually may be sold. Analyses based
upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily indicative
of actual future results, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than suggested by these analyses. Because these
analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty, being based upon
numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties or
their respective advisors, none of DDR, JDN, Goldman Sachs or
any other person assumes responsibility if future results are
different from those forecast.

As described above, Goldman Sachs opinion
to DDRs board of directors was one of many factors taken
into consideration by the DDR board of directors in making its
determination to approve the merger agreement. The foregoing
summary does not purport to be a complete description of the
analyses performed by Goldman Sachs in connection with the
fairness opinion and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the written opinion of Goldman Sachs attached as Annex B.

Goldman Sachs, as part of its investment banking
business, is continually engaged in performing financial
analyses with respect to businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of
listed and unlisted securities and private placements as well as
for estate, corporate and other purposes. Goldman Sachs is
familiar with DDR having provided certain investment banking
services to DDR from time to time, including having acted as:

 

placement agent in the private offering of
    $75,000,000 aggregate principal amount of DDRs
    Class K 8 7/8% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares
    in September 1999 and in the private offering of $105,000,000
    aggregate principal amount of DDRs Series J 9.0%
    Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares in May 2000;

 

principal in connection with a $156,000,000
    mortgage financing by DDR in April 2001;

 

lead manager in a public offering of 3,200,000
    DDR common shares in December 2001; and

 

financial advisor in connection with, and having
    participated in certain of the negotiations leading to, the
    merger agreement.



In addition, Goldman Sachs may provide other
investment banking services to DDR in the future. The DDR board
of directors selected Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor
because it is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm that has substantial experience in transactions similar to
the proposed merger.

Goldman Sachs has also provided certain
investment banking services to JDN and its affiliates, including
having acted as financial advisor in connection with a share
repurchase program in December 1999. Goldman Sachs provides a
full range of financial advisory and securities services and, in
the course of its normal trading activities, may from time to
time effect transactions and hold positions in securities,
including derivative securities, of DDR and JDN for its own
account and for the accounts of customers.

DDR has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a customary
transaction fee, which is payable upon consummation of the
merger. In addition, DDR has agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs
for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including
attorneys fees, and to indemnify Goldman Sachs against
certain liabilities, including certain liabilities under the
federal securities laws.

JDNs Reasons for the Merger;
Recommendation of the JDN Board

The JDN board of directors approved the merger
agreement and merger at a meeting held on October 4, 2002.
The JDN board believes that the merger agreement, the merger and
the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are
advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, JDN and its
shareholders. Accordingly, after careful consideration, the JDN
board recommends that JDN common shareholders vote FOR approval
of the merger agreement and the merger.

In considering the recommendation of the JDN
board with respect to the merger, JDN shareholders should be
aware that some members of the JDN board, as well as some JDN
executive officers, have interests in the merger that differ
from, or are in addition to, the interests of JDN shareholders
generally. See  Conflicts of Interest of JDN
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger beginning
on page 58.

Set forth below is a discussion of all material
positive and negative factors considered by the JDN board of
directors in making its determination to adopt and approve the
merger agreement and the merger.

Positive Factors Considered by
the JDN Board

In making the determination described above, the
JDN board of directors considered a number of factors, including
the following material positive factors:

 

the historical and prospective information
    concerning DDRs and JDNs respective businesses,
    operations and financial performance, including, among other
    things, the earnings prospects of DDR and JDN and their
    respective debt service and financial obligations;

 

the assessment that a merger of JDN with a third
    party of larger size and an investment-grade credit rating was
    JDNs most attractive strategic alternative, and that a
    combination of JDN and DDR would be expected to produce a
    combined company with greater liquidity and improved access to
    capital markets, which should make additional debt or other
    financing available upon more attractive terms;

 

the reputation, strength and depth of DDRs
    management team;

 

the uncertain prospects of positioning JDN for
    the future and enhancing long-term shareholder value by
    remaining an independent company in light of its high cost of
    capital, limited availability of capital and announced
    management changes;

 

the uncertain strategic direction of JDN caused
    by the uncertainty of the continuity of management if JDN were
    to be operated as an independent company;

 

other potential strategic transactions with third
    parties that were not as attractive as the proposed merger with
    DDR;



 

the belief of JDNs board and senior
    management team that DDR common shares trade below the net asset
    value of its property portfolio and based on multiples that are
    lower than industry or sector averages, indicating the potential
    for future appreciation in the trading prices for DDR common
    shares;

 

the fact that JDNs credit facility will
    expire on December 31, 2002 and a significant amount of
    JDNs publicly traded debt will become due in the
    near-term, the costs associated with refinancing these
    maturities could be substantial, and the restrictive covenants
    could impair the ability of JDN to effectively operate its
    business;

 

the fact that JDNs board may have to lower
    its high dividend payout ratio if JDN were to be operated as an
    independent company;

 

the due diligence review of DDR and its assets
    conducted by JDNs senior management team and outside
    advisors;

 

the significant amount of tenant overlap between
    JDN and DDR, which should result in even better relationships
    with these market leading tenants and a successful integration
    of the two companies;

 

the financial presentation of Lazard on
    October 4, 2002, and the opinion of Lazard rendered to the
    JDN board on that date to the effect that, as of such date and
    based upon and subject to the matters set forth in that opinion,
    the exchange ratio to be offered to the holders of JDN common
    stock, other than DDR and its affiliates, pursuant to the merger
    agreement is fair to those holders from a financial point of
    view; and

 

the fact that the receipt of the stock
    consideration by JDN common shareholders generally will be a
    tax-free transaction to those shareholders.

Negative Factors Considered by
the JDN Board

The JDN board of directors also considered the
following potentially material negative factors, among others,
in determining whether to approve the merger agreement and the
merger and to recommend approval of the merger agreement and the
merger by the JDN shareholders:

 

the fact that all of the consideration to be
    received by JDN common shareholders consists of a fixed number
    of DDR common shares. As a result, a decrease in the trading
    price of DDR common shares before the closing of the merger will
    reduce the value of the per share and the aggregate
    consideration that will be received by the JDN shareholders;

 

the fact that the value of the consideration to
    be paid to JDN common shareholders in DDR common shares at the
    time the merger agreement was executed was lower than the then
    current trading price of JDN common stock;

 

the risk that the anticipated benefits of the
    merger to JDN shareholders discussed above under
     JDNs Reasons for the Merger;
    Recommendation of the JDN Board  Positive Factors
    Considered by the JDN Board may not be realized as a
    result of possible changes in the real estate market, or as a
    result of potential difficulties in integrating the two
    companies and their respective operations;

 

the possibility that the public announcement of
    the merger would make it more difficult for JDN to retain
    employees because of the likelihood that some JDN employees
    would anticipate that they may not have a position with the
    combined company and would begin to search for new employment
    even before the merger closed;

 

the possibility that the public announcement of
    the merger would make it more difficult to execute new or
    replacement leases with JDNs tenants because of the risk
    that tenants would be unwilling to make commitments until the
    merger has closed;



 

the fact that JDN is not permitted to pay
    dividends until it enters into a closing agreement with the
    Internal Revenue Service and that JDN has agreed that any
    payments associated with the closing agreement will effectively
    reduce amounts that might otherwise be payable to the holders of
    JDN common stock;

 

the possibility that the public announcement of
    the merger would lead to a decrease in the trading price of
    DDRs common shares which would reduce the overall value of
    the merger consideration;

 

the significant costs and substantial management
    time and effort required to effectuate the merger, and the
    related disruption to JDNs operations;

 

the risk that the merger might not be completed
    based upon the failure to satisfy covenants or closing
    conditions and the resulting disruption to the business of JDN;
    and

 

the $16 million termination fee, plus
    expense reimbursement of up to $4 million, payable by JDN
    to DDR under some circumstances, which, if the merger agreement
    is terminated, might discourage some proposals to acquire JDN in
    the 12 months following termination.

The above discussion is not intended to be
exhaustive of all factors considered by the JDN board, but does
set forth material positive and negative factors considered by
the JDN board of directors. On October 4, 2002, the JDN
board unanimously approved the merger and the merger agreement
and recommended approval of the merger and the merger agreement
in light of the various factors described above and other
factors that each such member of the JDN board of directors felt
were appropriate. In view of the wide variety of factors
considered by the JDN board in connection with its evaluation of
the merger and the complexity of these matters, the JDN board
did not consider it practical, and did not attempt, to quantify,
rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific
factors it considered in reaching its decision. Rather, the JDN
board made its recommendation based on the totality of
information presented to and the investigation conducted by it.
In considering the factors discussed above, individual directors
may have given different weights to different factors.

Opinion of JDNs Investment Banker,
Lazard Frres & Co. LLC

Under a letter agreement dated August 1,
2000, the board of directors of JDN retained Lazard Frres
& Co. LLC to act as its exclusive investment banker. As part
of this engagement, the JDN board requested that Lazard evaluate
the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
shares of JDN common stock (other than DDR, DDR Transitory Sub,
Inc. and any affiliates of DDR, the JDN public
shareholders) of the exchange ratio to be offered to the
JDN public shareholders pursuant to the merger. Lazard has
delivered to the JDN board a written opinion dated
October 4, 2002, that, as of that date, the exchange ratio
to be offered to the JDN public shareholders in the merger was
fair to such JDN public shareholders from a financial point of
view.

The full text of the Lazard opinion is
attached hereto as Annex C and is incorporated herein by
reference. The description of the Lazard opinion set forth
herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the Lazard opinion set forth in Annex C. JDN
shareholders are urged to read the Lazard opinion in its
entirety for a description of the procedures followed,
assumptions made, matters considered and qualifications and
limitations on the review undertaken by Lazard in connection
therewith. Lazards written opinion is directed to the JDN
board of directors and only addresses the fairness to the JDN
public shareholders of the exchange ratio to be offered in the
merger from a financial point of view as of the date of the
opinion. Lazards written opinion does not address any
other aspect of the merger and does not constitute a
recommendation to any JDN shareholder as to how the shareholder
should vote on any matter relating to the merger. The following
is only a summary of the Lazard opinion. Shareholders are urged
to read the entire opinion.

In the course of performing its review and
analysis for rendering its opinion, Lazard:

 

reviewed the financial terms and conditions of
    the merger agreement;

 

analyzed certain historical business and
    financial information relating to JDN and DDR;



 

reviewed various financial forecasts and other
    data provided to Lazard by JDN and DDR relating to their
    respective businesses (but Lazard noted that financial forecasts
    for DDR beyond December 31, 2003, were not provided to it);

 

held discussions with members of the senior
    managements of JDN and DDR with respect to the business and
    prospects of JDN and DDR, respectively, and the strategic
    objectives of each;

 

reviewed public information with respect to
    certain other companies in lines of businesses Lazard believed
    to be generally comparable to the businesses of JDN and DDR;

 

reviewed the financial terms of certain business
    combinations involving companies in lines of businesses Lazard
    believed to be generally comparable to those of JDN and DDR;

 

reviewed the historical stock prices and trading
    volumes of the JDN common stock and DDR common shares; and

 

conducted such other financial studies, analyses
    and investigations as were deemed appropriate by Lazard.

Lazard relied upon the accuracy and completeness
of the foregoing information and did not assume any
responsibility for any independent verification of such
information or an independent valuation or appraisal of any of
the assets or liabilities of JDN or DDR, or concerning the
solvency of, or issues relating to solvency concerning, JDN or
DDR. With respect to financial forecasts, Lazard assumed that
they were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgements of management of
JDN and DDR as to the future financial performance of JDN and of
DDR, respectively, and of DDR with respect to the combined
entity. Lazard assumed no responsibility for and expressed no
view as to such forecasts or the assumptions on which they were
based.

Lazard was not asked to consider, and
Lazards opinion did not address, the relative merits of
the merger, any alternative potential transaction or JDNs
underlying decision to effect the merger. Lazard also noted that
its opinion was necessarily based on economic, monetary, market
and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to Lazard as of, the date of its opinion. Lazard
assumed no responsibility for updating or revising its opinion
based on circumstances or events occurring after the date of its
opinion.

Lazard also assumed that the merger would be
consummated on the terms and subject to the conditions described
in the merger agreement, without any waiver or modification of
any material terms or conditions by JDN, and that obtaining the
necessary regulatory approvals for the merger would not have an
adverse effect on JDN or DDR. In addition, Lazard also assumed
that the merger would be treated as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Further, Lazard did not express any opinion as to
the price at which the common stock of JDN or the DDR common
shares may trade subsequent to the announcement of the merger or
as to the price at which the DDR common shares may trade
subsequent to the consummation of the merger. In addition,
Lazard expressed no view as to the consideration to be received
by a holder of shares of JDN Series A Preferred Stock.

The following is a brief summary of the material
financial and comparative analyses which Lazard deemed to be
appropriate for this type of transaction and that were performed
by Lazard in connection with rendering its opinion.

Public Market Valuation
Analysis

Lazard performed a public market valuation
analysis based on financial multiples of selected comparable
companies in order to derive a range of implied per share values
for the JDN common stock. In performing this analysis, Lazard
reviewed certain financial information for JDN and compared such
information to corresponding financial information for 15 other
REITs Lazard deemed to be comparable to JDN based on



the fact that their property portfolio consists
primarily of shopping centers. The companies included in this
analysis were:

 

Acadia Realty Trust

 

DDR

 

Equity One, Inc.

 

Federal Realty Investment Trust

 

Heritage Property Investment Trust, Inc.

 

IRT Property Company

 

Kimco Realty Corporation

 

Mid-Atlantic Realty Trust

 

New Plan Excel Realty Trust, Inc.

 

Pan Pacific Retail Properties, Inc.

 

Price Legacy Corporation

 

Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust

 

Regency Centers Corp.

 

Saul Centers, Inc.

 

Weingarten Realty Investors

Using publicly available information and market
data as of October 2, 2002, Lazard calculated the price per
share of each of the comparable companies as a multiple of their
respective per share calendar year 2003 estimated FFO:

Low

Median

Mean

High

Price Per Share as a Multiple of Per Share
    2003E FFO

8.15x

9.18x

9.35x

10.96x

Using the multiples calculated in the public
market valuation analysis and based on the financial forecasts
of 2003 estimated FFO for JDN prepared by management of JDN,
Lazard derived a range of implied per share values of $10.07 to
$13.53 for the JDN common stock.

Net Asset Value

Lazard reviewed the net asset value estimates for
JDN common stock as reported by equity analysts and as provided
by management of JDN. Equity analysts net asset value
estimates for JDN common stock ranged from $13.42 per share,
reported by A.G. Edwards on August 9, 2002, to $13.78 per
share, reported by McDonald Investments Inc. on August 26,
2002, with an average net asset value estimate for JDN common
stock of $13.57 per share. Management of JDN estimated a net
asset value of $10.95 per share for JDN common stock.

Premium Analysis of Selected
Recent Public REIT M&A Transactions

Lazard performed a premium analysis in order to
derive a range of implied per share values for the JDN common
stock based on premiums paid in 35 transactions involving REITs
since February 1998 that had transaction values (including
assumption of indebtedness) that were greater than
$100 million. Using publicly available information, Lazard
calculated the following premiums paid in the REIT transactions
it analyzed:

Premium/(Discount) to Stock Price at
Last

Closing before Announcement of
Transaction

Low

Median

Average

High

(12.6%)

11.9%

17.2%

115.8%

Using the range of premiums paid in the REIT
transactions it analyzed and applying the range to the closing
price of the JDN common stock on October 2, 2002, Lazard
derived a range of implied per share values of $10.69 to $26.39
for the JDN common stock.

Comparable Transactions
Analysis

Lazard performed a comparable transactions
analysis in order to derive a range of implied per share values
for JDN common stock based on multiples of the consideration
paid in such transactions to the FFO of



the targets in such transactions. In connection
with this analysis, Lazard reviewed the following transactions
involving REITs in the retail shopping center market sector:

Acquiror

Target

Bradley Real Estate, Inc.

Mid-America Realty Investments

CV Reit, Inc.

Kranzco Realty Trust

Excel Realty Trust, Inc.

New Plan Realty Trust

Heritage Property Investment Trust, Inc.

Bradley Real Estate, Inc.

Lazard Frres Strategic Realty Investors

Alexander Haagen Properties

Pan Pacific Retail Properties, Inc.

Western Properties Trust

Prime Retail, Inc.

Horizon Group, Inc.

Prometheus Southeast Retail LLC

FAC Realty Trust, Inc.

US Retail Partners, LLC

First Washington Realty Trust

Using publicly available information, Lazard
compared the transaction value of the selected precedent
transactions as a multiple of the consideration paid in such
transactions to the FFO of the targets in such transactions:

Transaction Value as a Multiple of

Consideration to FFO

Low

Median

Mean

High

5.0x

8.2x

8.9x

14.4x

Based on the consideration to FFO multiples from
the selected precedent transactions and the financial forecasts
of 2003 estimated FFO for JDN prepared by management of JDN,
Lazard derived a range of implied per share values of $6.18 to
$17.74 for JDN common stock.

Discounted Cash Flow
Analysis

Lazard performed a discounted cash flow analysis
in order to derive a range of implied per share values for the
JDN common stock based on the present value of the projected
unlevered free cash flow of JDN for the years 2003 to 2007 and
the present value of the terminal value of the projected 2008
net operating income for JDN based on capitalization rates from
9.5% to 10.5%. The discounted cash flow analysis was based on
financial forecasts for JDN provided by the management of JDN.
This analysis was based on a range of discount rates from 10% to
12%. Using this analysis, Lazard derived a range of implied per
share values of $8.35 to $12.17 for the JDN common stock.

Stock Price
Analysis

Lazard reviewed the per share prices of the JDN
common stock on October 2, 2002, the high and low trading
prices for the JDN common stock for the 52-week period ending
October 2, 2002, and the average closing price for the
60-day period ending October 2, 2002. The following table
illustrates such stock prices during such periods:

60-Day Average

As of

Closing Price

Closing Price

October 2, 2002

As of

on

52-Week

October 2, 2002

October 2, 2002

Low

High

$10.21

$

13.20

$

12.02

$

12.23

Lazard performed a variety of financial and
comparative analyses solely for the purpose of providing its
opinion to the JDN board of directors that the exchange ratio to
be offered in the merger was fair to the JDN public shareholders
from a financial point of view. The preparation of a fairness
opinion involves various determinations as to the most
appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of these methods to the particular circumstances
and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to a



partial analysis or summary description.
Accordingly, notwithstanding the separate analyses summarized
above, Lazard believes that its analyses must be considered as a
whole and that selecting portions of the analyses or factors
considered by it, without considering all such factors or
analyses, or attempting to ascribe relative weights to some or
all such analyses and factors could create an incomplete view of
the evaluation process underlying the Lazard opinion.

In its analyses, Lazard made numerous assumptions
with respect to industry performance, general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
many of which are beyond the control of JDN. The estimates
contained in these analyses and the valuation ranges resulting
from any particular analysis do not necessarily indicate actual
values or predict future results or values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by
these analyses. Lazard did not assign any specific weight to any
of the analyses described above and did not draw any specific
conclusions from or with regard to any one method of analysis.
In addition, analyses relating to the value of the businesses or
securities are not appraisals and do not reflect the prices at
which the businesses or securities may actually be sold or the
prices at which their securities may trade. As a result, these
analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial
uncertainty.

No company or transaction used in any of the
analyses is identical to JDN or the merger. Accordingly, an
analysis of the results of the foregoing necessarily involves
complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and
operating characteristics of JDN and other factors that could
affect the public trading values or the announced transaction
values, as the case may be, of JDN and DDR and the companies to
which the comparison is being made. Mathematical analysis (such
as determining the mean or median) is not in itself a meaningful
method of using comparable transaction data or comparable
company data.

Lazards opinion and financial analyses were
not the only factors considered by the JDN board of directors in
its evaluation of the merger and should not be viewed as
determinative of the views of the board of directors or
JDNs management. Lazard has consented to the inclusion of
and references to its opinion in this proxy statement.

Under the terms of Lazards engagement, JDN
has agreed to pay Lazard an advisory fee of approximately
$5 million, of which $1 million has been paid and
$4 million is payable when the merger is completed. The
amount of the advisory fee may be adjusted (higher or lower)
depending on the closing price of the DDR common shares on the
closing date of the merger and on the principal amount of
indebtedness for borrowed money of JDN on the closing date of
the merger. JDN has agreed to reimburse Lazard for travel and
other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in performing its
services, including the fees and expenses of its legal counsel.
In addition, JDN agreed to indemnify Lazard against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities
laws relating to or arising out of Lazards engagement.

Lazard is an internationally recognized
investment banking firm and is continually engaged in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements, leveraged buyouts, and valuations for real estate,
corporate and other purposes. In the ordinary course of its
business, Lazard and its affiliates may from time to time effect
transactions and hold securities, including derivative
securities, of JDN and DDR for its own account and for the
accounts of its customers, and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in such securities. Lazard was
selected to act as investment banker to the JDN board of
directors because of its expertise and its reputation in
investment banking and mergers and acquisitions.

Directors and Executive Officers of DDR After
the Merger

Following the merger, the ten current directors
on the DDR board will remain as directors of the combined
entity. DDR has nominated
Mr.                               ,
currently a director of JDN, to become a new director of DDR
subject to shareholder approval of the proposal to fix the
number of directors at 11. If elected, Mr.  will serve
as director until the 2003 annual meeting of shareholders, at
which time
Mr.                               would
again be nominated by DDR for election to the board of directors.



Following the merger, the current executive
officers of DDR will remain as executive officers of DDR. No
current executive officers of JDN will become executive officers
of DDR following the merger.

Conflicts of Interest of JDN Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the JDN
board with respect to the merger, JDN shareholders should be
aware that some JDN directors and executive officers have
interests in, and will receive benefits from, the merger that
differ from, or are in addition to, and, therefore, may conflict
with the interests of JDN shareholders generally.

Equity-Based
Awards

Under JDNs incentive stock plans, an
aggregate of 80,443 unvested shares of restricted common stock
previously awarded to the directors and executives will vest in
full upon completion of the merger and will be converted into
DDR common shares according to the terms of the merger
agreement. In addition, unvested options to purchase an
aggregate of 129,624 shares of JDN common stock previously
awarded to such directors and executives will vest in connection
with the completion of the merger.

Retention
Agreements

JDN has entered into employment agreements and/or
change of control agreements with its inside directors, Craig
Macnab, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Lee Wielansky,
President of JDN Development Company, Inc., as well as certain
of its executive officers, to address the terms and conditions
of their employment in the event of a change in control. The
merger will be a change in control for purposes of
the employment and change in control agreements. DDR has agreed
to assume and to perform JDNs obligations under the
employment and change in control agreements in the same manner
and to the same extent that JDN would be required to perform
such obligations if the merger had not taken place.

In the event of termination of employment by DDR
without cause, or by the employee for good reason, within one
year following a change in control, pursuant to the various
agreements, DDR will pay the employees then current base
salary for a period ranging from three months to two years after
termination, plus annual bonuses, depending upon the terms of
the specific agreement. The aggregate cost for payments pursuant
to employment agreements and change in control agreements as a
result of the merger is approximately $4.9 million.

From and after the effective time of the merger,
DDR will indemnify present and former directors and officers of
JDN, other than three former officers of JDN, and maintain
directors and officers liability insurance for these
individuals for six years after the effective time of the merger.

Regulatory Approvals

No material federal or state regulatory
requirements must be complied with or approvals must be obtained
by DDR or JDN in connection with the merger.

Accounting Treatment

DDR will treat the merger as a purchase for
financial accounting purposes. This means that DDR will record
the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their
estimated fair values at the time the merger is completed.

Restrictions on Resales by
Affiliates

The DDR common and preferred shares to be issued
to JDN shareholders in the merger will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares issued to any person
who may be deemed to be an affiliate of JDN within
the meaning of Rule 145 under the Securities Act or who
will become an affiliate of DDR within the meaning
of Rule 144 under the Securities Act after the merger. DDR
common shares received by persons who are deemed to be JDN
affiliates or who become DDR affiliates may be resold by



these persons only in transactions permitted by
the limited resale provisions of Rule 145 or as otherwise
permitted under the Securities Act. Persons who may be deemed to
be affiliates of JDN generally include individuals or entities
that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
control, are controlled by or are under common control with JDN
and may include officers, directors and principal shareholders
of JDN.

Persons who are not affiliates of JDN generally
may sell their DDR common or preferred shares without
restrictions and without delivering this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

DDR Dissenters Rights

If the merger agreement between DDR and JDN is
approved, a shareholder of DDR objecting to the merger agreement
may be entitled to seek relief as a dissenting shareholder under
Section 1701.85 of the Ohio General Corporation Law. The
following is a summary of the steps a dissenting shareholder
must take to perfect his or her rights under the Ohio General
Corporation Law. This summary is qualified by reference to a
complete copy of Section 1701.85 of the Ohio General
Corporation Law, which is attached hereto as Annex E and
incorporated by reference herein. Any dissenting shareholder
contemplating exercise of his or her dissenters rights is
urged to carefully review the provisions of Section 1701.85
and to consult an attorney, since failure to follow fully and
precisely the procedural requirements of the statute may result
in termination or waiver of such rights.

To perfect dissenters rights, a dissenting
shareholder must satisfy each of the following:

(1) A dissenting shareholder must be a
    record or beneficial owner of common shares
    on                               ,
    the record date for determining entitlement to vote on the
    merger agreement.

(2) A dissenting shareholder must not vote
    his or her common shares in favor of the merger agreement at the
    special meeting. Failing to vote or abstaining from voting does
    not waive a dissenting shareholders rights. However, a
    proxy returned to DDR signed, but not marked to specify voting
    instructions, will be voted in favor of the merger agreement and
    will be deemed a waiver of dissenters rights. A dissenting
    shareholder may revoke his or her proxy at any time before its
    exercise by filing with DDR an instrument revoking it or a duly
    executed proxy bearing a later date, or by attending and giving
    notice of the revocation of the proxy at the special meeting.

(3) A dissenting shareholder must deliver a
    written demand for payment of the fair value of his or her
    common shares to DDR on or before the 10th day following the
    special meeting and must otherwise comply with
    Section 1701.85. Any written demand must specify the
    shareholders name and address, the number and class of
    shares held by him or her on the record date, and the amount
    claimed as the fair cash value of said common
    shares. DDR will not notify shareholders of the expiration of
    this 10-day period.

(4) If DDR so requests, a dissenting
    shareholder must submit his or her share certificates to DDR
    within 15 days of such request for endorsement thereon by
    DDR that demand for appraisal has been made. Such a request is
    not an admission by DDR that a dissenting shareholder is
    entitled to relief. DDR will promptly return the share
    certificates to the dissenting shareholder. At the option of
    DDR, a dissenting shareholder who fails to deliver his or her
    certificate upon request from DDR may have his or her
    dissenters rights terminated, unless a court directs
    otherwise.

(5) DDR and a dissenting shareholder may
    come to agreement as to the fair cash value of the common
    shares. If DDR and any dissenting shareholder cannot agree upon
    the fair cash value of the common shares, either
    may, within three months after service of demand by the
    dissenting shareholder, file a petition in the Court of Common
    Pleas of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, for a determination that the
    shareholder is entitled to exercise dissenters rights and
    to determine the fair cash value of the common
    shares. The court may appoint one or more appraisers to
    recommend a fair cash value. The fair cash value is
    to be determined as of the day prior to the date of the special
    meeting. The fair cash value is the amount that a willing
    seller, under no compulsion to sell, would be willing to accept,
    and that a willing buyer, under no compulsion to purchase, would
    be willing to pay, but in no event may the



fair cash value exceed the amount specified in
    the dissenting shareholders demand. In determining this
    value, any appreciation or depreciation in the market value of
    the common shares resulting from the merger is excluded. The
    Ohio Supreme Court, in Armstrong v. Marathon Oil Company,
    32 Ohio St. 3d 397 (1987), stated that fair
    cash value for publicly traded shares of a company with
    significant trading activity will be the market price for such
    shares on the date that the transaction is submitted to the
    shareholders or directors for final approval, as adjusted to
    exclude the impact of the transaction giving rise to the
    dissenters rights. Interest on the fair cash value as well
    as costs of the proceedings, including reasonable compensation
    to any appraisers, are to be assessed or apportioned as the
    court considers equitable.

(6) Payment of the fair cash value must be
    made within 30 days after the later of (i) the final
    determination of such value or (ii) the closing date of the
    merger. Such payment shall be made only upon simultaneous
    surrender to DDR of the share certificates for which such
    payment is made.

(7) A dissenting shareholders rights
    to receive the fair cash value of his or her common shares will
    terminate if: (i) the dissenting shareholder has not
    complied with Section 1701.85; (ii) the merger is
    abandoned or is finally enjoined or prevented from being carried
    out, or the shareholders rescind their adoption of the merger;
    (iii) the dissenting shareholder withdraws his demand with
    the consent of DDR by its directors; or (iv) the dissenting
    shareholder and the board of directors of DDR have not agreed on
    the fair cash value per share and neither has filed a timely
    complaint in the Court of Common Pleas of Cuyahoga County, Ohio.

(8) All rights accruing from the common
    shares, including voting and dividend and distribution rights,
    are suspended from the time a dissenting shareholder makes
    demand until the termination or satisfaction of the rights and
    obligations of the dissenting shareholder and DDR arising from
    the demand. During this period of suspension, any dividend or
    distribution paid on the common shares will be paid to the
    record owner as a credit upon the fair cash value thereof. If
    the shareholders dissenters rights are terminated
    other than by purchase by DDR of the dissenting
    shareholders common shares, then at the time of
    termination, all rights will be restored and all distributions
    which would have been made, but for suspension, will be made.

Shareholders are not entitled to exercise
dissenters rights with respect to the amendments to the
articles of incorporation, including an increase in the size of
the board of directors from ten to 11, an increase in the number
of authorized shares of DDR, and the issuance of a new series of
voting preferred stock.

Shareholder Litigation

On October 7, 2002, a JDN shareholder filed
a purported class action and derivative suit in the Superior
Court of Fulton County, Atlanta, Georgia, against JDN,
JDNs board of directors and DDR alleging claims of breach
of fiduciary duty, waste, abuse of control and unjust
enrichment. The complaint seeks declaratory relief, an order
enjoining consummation of the merger, and an accounting for
unspecified damages.

On October 10, 2002, a JDN shareholder filed
a purported class action in the Circuit Court for Baltimore,
Maryland against JDN and JDNs board of directors alleging
claims of breach of fiduciary duty. The complaint seeks
declaratory relief, an order enjoining consummation of the
merger and unspecified damages.

Although JDN and DDR believe that these suits are
without merit and intend to defend themselves vigorously, there
can be no assurance that the pending litigation will not
interfere with the consummation of the merger. JDN and DDR do
not expect that these suits will interfere with the scheduling
of their respective shareholder meetings or the consummation of
the merger, if approved.

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the material terms
of the merger agreement, but does not describe all the terms of
the merger agreement. The full text of the merger agreement is
attached at the back of this joint



proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. You are
urged to read the merger agreement in its entirety because it is
the legal document that governs the merger.

Closing; Effective Time of the
Merger

The completion of the merger will occur no later
than the second business day after the satisfaction or waiver of
the conditions set forth in the merger agreement or at such
other date or time as may be agreed to in writing by DDR and
JDN. If the merger agreement and the merger are approved at the
special meetings, DDR and JDN currently expect to complete the
merger promptly following receipt of shareholder approval.

As soon as practicable after all conditions to
the completion of the merger are satisfied, DDR and JDN will
execute and file articles of merger with the State Department of
Assessments and Taxation of Maryland relating to the merger. The
effective time of the merger will be the time specified in the
articles of merger.

Merger Consideration

In the merger:

 

holders of JDN common stock will receive, for
    each share of JDN common stock issued and outstanding
    immediately prior to the merger, 0.518 of a DDR common share;

 

holders of JDN Series A Preferred Stock will
    receive, for each share of JDN Series A Preferred Stock
    issued and outstanding immediately prior to the merger, one DDR
    Voting Preferred Share;

The DDR Voting Preferred Shares issued in the
merger will have preferences, conversion and other rights,
restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and
terms or conditions of redemption identical to those of the JDN
Series A Preferred Stock, except that the DDR Voting
Preferred Shares will also be entitled to cast one vote on all
matters that holders of DDR common shares are entitled to vote
on.

Holders of JDN common stock will not receive
certificates representing a fraction of a DDR common share.
Instead, each holder of JDN common stock otherwise entitled to a
fractional share interest in DDR will be paid an amount in cash,
without interest, determined by multiplying:

 

the fractional DDR common share that the holder
    of JDN common stock would otherwise be entitled to receive, by

 

the average closing price of a DDR common share
    on the NYSE for the ten trading days ending two business days
    prior to the effective date of the merger.

Upon conversion of the outstanding shares of JDN
common stock and preferred stock into the merger consideration,
the JDN common stock and preferred stock will be cancelled and
retired and will cease to exist.

Because the exchange ratio is fixed at 0.518 for
the portion of the merger consideration that is payable in DDR
common shares, the market value of any DDR common shares you
will receive in the merger may differ from the market value of
the DDR common shares if the merger occurred today.
On                 ,
2002, the most recent date practicable for obtaining pricing
information for DDR common shares prior to mailing this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, the closing price of a DDR common
share was
$                    ,
which, based on the 0.518 exchange ratio, would equal a market
value equivalent per share of JDN common stock of
$                    had
the merger been completed on that date.

Surrender of JDN Stock Certificates

DDR has appointed National City Bank to act as
exchange agent for the purpose of paying the merger
consideration. DDR will make available to the exchange agent, on
or before the effective time of the merger, the cash and share
certificates for that purpose.

As soon as reasonably practicable after the
effective date, DDR and JDN will cause the exchange agent to
send to each holder of JDN common stock or preferred stock a
letter of transmittal for use in the exchange



and instructions explaining how to surrender
certificates to the exchange agent. Holders of JDN common stock
or preferred stock whose shares are converted into the right to
receive the merger consideration and who surrender their
certificates to the exchange agent, together with a properly
completed and signed letter of transmittal, will receive the
merger consideration.

Holders of unexchanged shares of JDN common stock
or preferred stock will not be entitled to receive any
dividends, or other distributions, or cash payment in lieu of
fractional shares payable by DDR on the DDR common shares or
Voting Preferred Shares until surrender of their common stock or
preferred stock. Upon surrender, those holders will receive
accumulated dividends and distributions, without interest,
payable on DDR common shares or Voting Preferred Shares, as
applicable, after and in respect of a record date following the
completion of the merger, together with cash instead of
fractional shares.

Treatment of JDN Stock Options and Restricted
Stock

Each JDN stock option outstanding under
JDNs 1993 Incentive Stock Plan, whether or not then vested
or exercisable, will become fully vested and exercisable in
connection with the merger. Each outstanding JDN stock option
that has not been exercised upon the completion of the merger
shall be cancelled. All unvested shares of JDN restricted stock
shall become fully vested and free of all restrictions
immediately prior to the closing and shall be converted into the
merger consideration at the effective time.

Severance and Bonus Payments

Pursuant to the merger agreement, any JDN
employee who becomes entitled to severance payments under the
JDN severance policy because of a termination of employment
occurring on or before the closing of the merger will receive
such severance payments, unless the participant is terminated
for cause or resigns. Retention bonuses will also be paid to
specified JDN employees if earned. To the extent they are unpaid
at closing, DDR will assume JDNs obligations to pay 2002
annual bonuses to the JDN employees who are eligible.

Representations and Warranties of DDR and
JDN

The merger agreement contains customary
representations and warranties by each of JDN and DDR relating
to, among other things:

 

due organization and good standing;

 

capital structure;

 

authorization to enter into the merger agreement
    and to consummate the merger;

 

enforceability of the merger agreement;

 

required shareholder approvals;

 

compliance with SEC reporting requirements;

 

no material undisclosed liabilities;

 

the absence of certain changes since
    December 31, 2001;

 

required governmental and third-party consents;

 

no breach of organizational documents or material
    agreements as a result of the merger agreement or the
    consummation of the merger;

 

no material legal proceedings;

 

compliance with laws;

 

real property;

 

environmental matters;



 

tax matters, including qualification as a REIT;

 

receipt of opinion of financial advisor;

 

brokers or finders fees; and

 

exemption from anti-takeover statutes.

In addition to the representations and warranties
made by both DDR and JDN, the merger agreement contains
additional representations and warranties made by JDN relating
to, among other things:

 

no defaults under existing agreements;

 

appropriate funding of employee benefit plans and
    compliance with applicable regulations;

 

labor and employee matters;

 

material contracts and debt instruments;

 

disclosure of all related party transactions;

 

inapplicability of the Investment Company Act of
    1940;

 

intellectual property; and

 

insurance.

In addition to the representations and warranties
made by both DDR and JDN, the merger agreement contains
additional representations and warranties made by DDR relating
to, among other things:

 

no plans or intention to liquidate, merge or
    otherwise cause JDN to become a disregarded entity for tax
    purposes; and

 

no prior activities by its subsidiary that is
    merging into JDN.

Conduct of JDNs Business Pending the
Merger

Until the completion of the merger, JDN has
agreed that, unless permitted by obtaining DDRs prior
written consent or except as contemplated by the merger
agreement, it will, and will cause its subsidiaries to, among
other things:

 

conduct its operations, and cause its
    subsidiaries to conduct their respective operations, only in the
    ordinary course of business and in a manner that is consistent
    with past practice;

 

use reasonable best efforts to preserve intact
    its business organizations and goodwill, to keep available the
    services of its officers and employees, and to preserve its
    relationships with tenants, suppliers and others with whom it
    does business;

 

give prompt notice to DDR if any representation
    or warranty contained in the merger agreement that is qualified
    by materiality becomes untrue or inaccurate in any respect, or
    any representation or warranty contained in the merger agreement
    that is not qualified by materiality becomes untrue or
    inaccurate in any material respect;

 

give prompt notice to DDR of any failure of JDN
    materially to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or
    agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it pursuant to the
    merger agreement; and

 

take all necessary action to extend its credit
    facility through the closing and extend any insurance policy
    specified in the merger agreement through December 31,
    2003, on terms and conditions substantially consistent with past
    practice.



In addition, pending the merger, JDN has agreed
that, without DDRs prior written consent or except as
contemplated by the merger agreement, it will not, and will
cause its subsidiaries not to, among other things:

 

amend its organizational documents;

 

authorize, issue, sell or commit to authorize,
    issue or sell any JDN securities or securities convertible into,
    or exchangeable for, JDN securities, except in specified
    instances;

 

split, combine or re-classify any shares of JDN
    stock;

 

declare, set aside or pay any dividend or make
    any other distribution or payment with respect to the JDN common
    stock or preferred stock, other than dividends permitted by the
    merger agreement, or in transactions between JDN and its wholly
    owned subsidiaries or solely between wholly owned subsidiaries;

 

redeem, purchase or acquire any securities of JDN
    or any JDN subsidiary, except as necessary to maintain REIT
    status;

 

recommend, propose or announce an intention to
    adopt or effect, or adopt or effect a plan of complete or
    partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation,
    restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization, except
    as otherwise permitted by the merger agreement;

 

alter, through merger, liquidation, dissolution,
    reorganization, restructuring or otherwise, the corporate
    structure of JDN or its subsidiaries or its ownership of any
    subsidiary or joint venture, except as otherwise permitted by
    the merger agreement;

 

incur or assume any indebtedness or issue any
    debt securities, except for working capital or contractual
    obligations under its revolving lines of credit and for
    specified purposes;

 

assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become
    liable or responsible for the obligations of another person,
    except for specified purposes;

 

make any loans, advances or capital contributions
    to, or investments in, any other person, except in specified
    instances;

 

pledge or encumber shares of JDN stock or stock
    of its subsidiaries;

 

mortgage or pledge any of JDNs or its
    subsidiaries assets, or create or suffer to exist any lien
    on such assets, except under specified instances and in
    specified amounts;

 

enter into any new employee benefit plan or amend
    any existing employment, severance or other arrangement with any
    of its officers, directors or employees, other than as required
    by law, or increase the compensation or benefits of any officer,
    director or employee, except under specified instances and other
    than for the payment of 2002 annual bonuses as specified in the
    merger agreement;

 

grant any awards under any employee benefit plan,
    except in specified instances;

 

sell, lease, transfer or dispose of any personal
    property that exceeds a specified amount or any real property,
    except in specified instances;

 

enter into any contract or letter of intent for
    the sale, lease, transfer, mortgage or disposition of any real
    property, except in specified instances, or amend or modify any
    existing contracts or letters of intent specified in the merger
    agreement;

 

terminate, modify or amend any lease, except for
    specified net effective rent, on commercially reasonable terms
    consistent with past practices and as does not reduce rent under
    or termination of any other lease at the applicable property;

 

enter into any new lease at an operating
    property, except for leases that are for net effective rents
    specified in a budget for the property, on commercially
    reasonable terms consistent with past practices, and as do not
    reduce rent under or termination of any other lease at the
    applicable property;



 

enter into any new lease at a development
    property, except for leases that are for rents equal to or in
    excess of rents provided for the property in the applicable
    budget, on commercially reasonable terms consistent with past
    practices, and as do not reduce rent under or termination of any
    other lease at the applicable property;

 

terminate or grant any reciprocal easement or
    similar agreements affecting a property, unless contractually
    obligated to do so or in connection with a transaction otherwise
    permitted by the merger agreement;

 

consent to or enter into the sublease or
    assignment of any lease, or terminate, enter into, sublease,
    assign or modify any ground lease;

 

change any accounting principles or material
    accounting practices, except as required by changes in law or
    GAAP;

 

acquire or agree to acquire any third party or
    any equity interest in such third party, except for contractual
    obligations to contribute to or fund any existing joint venture;

 

acquire, enter into any option to acquire, or
    exercise an option or other right or election or enter into any
    commitment for the acquisition of any real property, or other
    transaction involving nonrefundable deposits or for the
    acquisition of other assets, except for acquisitions of other
    assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practices not in excess of $25,000;

 

authorize, or enter into any commitment for, any
    new capital expenditure relating to the operating properties,
    except as specified in budgets approved by DDR, or authorize, or
    enter into any commitment for, any other expenditure relating to
    the operating properties, except in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice;

 

authorize, or enter into any commitment for, any
    capital expenditure relating to development properties that are
    in excess of specified line item amounts plus 1% of such line
    item for each development project set forth in the budget for
    such property, or would materially change the site plan for such
    development property;

 

authorize, or enter into any commitment for, any
    expenditure relating to a permitted pipeline project, except as
    specifically provided for in the budget for that particular
    property;

 

authorize, or enter into any commitment for, any
    expenditure relating to any non-permitted pipeline project;

 

authorize, or enter into any commitment for, any
    expenditure relating to real property, other than as permitted
    in the merger agreement;

 

make or rescind any election relating to
    JDNs REIT status, unless required by law or necessary to
    qualify or preserve JDNs status as a REIT or the status of
    any subsidiary of JDN as a partnership for federal income tax
    purposes;

 

settle or compromise any claim, litigation or
    other legal proceeding, or pay, discharge or satisfy any other
    claims, liabilities or obligations whether absolute, accrued,
    asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise, except in
    specified instances;

 

enter into any agreement or arrangement that
    limits or otherwise restricts JDN or any of its subsidiaries or
    any successor thereto from engaging or competing in any line of
    business or in any geographic area;

 

enter into any new line of business;

 

amend or terminate, or waive compliance with the
    terms of or breaches under, any material contract or enter into
    any new material contract for the purposes of the merger
    agreement;



 

permit any insurance policy naming JDN or any of
    its subsidiaries as a beneficiary or a loss payable payee to be
    cancelled or terminated, unless an insurance policy with
    substantially similar terms and conditions to the cancelled or
    terminated policy is obtained;

 

take any action that would be reasonably likely
    to result in any of the conditions to consummation of the merger
    not being satisfied in all material respects or materially and
    adversely affect JDNs ability to consummate the merger;

 

authorize, approve, consent to or otherwise
    permit any transaction or property to be subject to a
    participation interest, except for specified agreements;

 

fail to diligently pursue the development of any
    development property or permitted pipeline project in a manner
    that is in accordance with JDNs past development practices
    and consistent in all material respects with the applicable
    development budget and site plan or permitted pipeline project
    budget;

 

proceed with any additional real property tax
    protests or related litigation, other than as specified in the
    merger agreement; or

 

take, propose to take or agree in writing or
    otherwise to take, any of the foregoing prohibited actions.

Conduct of DDRs Business Pending the
Merger

Until the completion of the merger, DDR has
agreed that, unless permitted by obtaining JDNs prior
written consent or except as contemplated by the merger
agreement, it will, and will cause its subsidiaries to, among
other things:

 

give prompt notice to JDN if any representation
    or warranty contained in the merger agreement that is qualified
    by materiality becomes untrue or inaccurate in any respect, or
    any representation or warranty contained in the merger agreement
    that is not qualified by materiality becomes untrue or
    inaccurate in any material respect; and

 

give prompt notice to JDN of any failure of DDR
    materially to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or
    agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it pursuant to the
    merger agreement.

Pending the merger, DDR has agreed that, without
JDNs prior written consent or except as otherwise
expressly contemplated by the merger agreement, it will not, and
will cause its subsidiaries not to, among other things:

 

amend its organizational documents, except in
    specified instances, including the proposed amendments to
    DDRs articles of incorporation discussed in this joint
    proxy statement/prospectus;

 

authorize, recommend, propose or announce an
    intention to adopt or effect, or adopt or effect, a plan of
    complete or partial liquidation;

 

take any action that would be reasonably likely
    to result in any of the conditions to consummation of the merger
    not being satisfied in all material respects, or materially and
    adversely affect DDRs ability to consummate the merger;

 

declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other
    distribution in respect of DDR shares, other than the
    declaration and payment of regular quarterly dividends not in
    excess of specified amounts, except as required by DDRs
    articles of incorporation or in order for DDR to maintain its
    REIT status;

 

enter into or agree to effect any merger,
    acquisition, consolidation, reorganization or other business
    combination with any third party in which DDR is not the
    surviving party to the transaction or pursuant to which DDR
    becomes a subsidiary of another entity;

 

withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or
    modify, in a manner adverse to JDN, the DDR board of
    directors approval or recommendation of the merger
    agreement or the merger; or

 

take, propose to take or agree in writing or
    otherwise to take, any of the foregoing prohibited actions.



Pre-Merger Dividends and
Distributions

JDN has agreed not to pay any dividends with
respect to the JDN common stock until it has entered into a
closing agreement with the Internal Revenue Service and it has
paid (or has set aside cash reserves sufficient for the payment
of all deferred amounts) in full any fees, penalties, taxes,
costs, expenses or other amounts excluding specified legal fees
payable by JDN or any of its affiliates pursuant to or in
connection with the closing agreement with the Internal Revenue
Service. After JDN has entered into a closing agreement with the
Internal Revenue Service and has paid (or set aside for payment)
all related fees and expenses as discussed above, JDN may pay a
common stock dividend in order to maintain its status as a REIT,
if necessary, and quarterly dividends for the fourth quarter of
2002 of $0.27 per share less the per share amount of any
payments to the Internal Revenue Service and related fees and
expenses, and a common stock dividend for each quarter of 2003
prior to the quarter in which the merger closes of an amount per
share equal to:

 

the DDR dividend per common share for that
    quarter, multiplied by

 

the exchange ratio of 0.518.

The permitted dividends for the fourth quarter of
2002 and for each quarter of 2003 prior to the quarter in which
the merger closes may only be paid to the extent that the
aggregate amount of these dividends exceeds the required
payments and expenses associated with the closing agreement with
the Internal Revenue Service discussed above. In the quarter in
which the merger closes, the holders of JDN common stock and
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive DDR
dividends in their capacity as holders of DDR common shares and
DDR Voting Preferred Shares. Under the merger agreement, JDN is
permitted to continue to pay regular quarterly dividends on its
Series A Preferred Stock at the stated rate.

Conditions to the Merger

Conditions to Each Partys
Obligations to Effect the Merger

The obligations of JDN and DDR to complete the
merger are subject to the fulfillment or, where permissible,
waiver of the following conditions:

 

the approval of the merger agreement and the
    merger, as applicable, by the affirmative vote of the holders of:

 

at least a majority of the voting power of DDR
    common shares; and

 

at least two-thirds of all votes entitled to be
    cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of JDN common
    stock;

 

the approval of the amendment to the DDR articles
    of incorporation to authorize and create the DDR Voting
    Preferred Shares, which is to be effected as part of the merger
    by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of
    the outstanding DDR common shares;

 

no law shall have been enacted or enforced by any
    court or governmental entity that restrains or otherwise
    prevents consummation of the merger;

 

the waiting period, if any, under the
    Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 shall have
    expired or been terminated and all other consents and
    authorizations required to be obtained to consummate the merger
    shall have been obtained, except where the failure to obtain any
    consent or authorization would not be reasonably likely to,
    either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse
    effect on JDN or DDR;

 

the DDR common shares to be issued in the merger
    shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE; and

 

the registration statement on Form S-4 of
    which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part shall
    have been declared effective by the SEC, and no stop order
    suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement shall
    have been issued by the SEC and no proceedings for that purpose
    shall have been initiated by the SEC and not concluded or
    withdrawn.



Conditions to the Obligations
of DDR to Effect the Merger

The obligations of DDR to complete the merger are
subject to the satisfaction or, where permissible, waiver of the
following conditions:

 

each of the representations and warranties of JDN
    contained in the merger agreement, without giving effect to any
    limitation as to materiality or material
    adverse effect, shall be correct and accurate as of the
    closing of the merger as if made on the date of closing:

 

except to the extent that these representations
    and warranties are expressly limited by their terms to a
    particular date or only with respect to a particular period of
    time, in which case these representations and warranties will be
    correct and accurate as of that date or period of time; and

 

except where the failure of these representations
    and warranties to be correct and accurate would not,
    individually or in the aggregate, have or would not reasonably
    be likely to have a material adverse effect on JDN;

 

JDN shall have performed or complied in all
    material respects with all covenants required by the merger
    agreement to be performed by JDN on or prior to the effective
    time of the merger;

 

DDR will have received a certificate dated as of
    the closing of the merger from the chief executive officer or
    chief financial officer of JDN certifying on behalf of JDN to
    each of the above;

 

DDR will have received an opinion, dated as of
    the closing date of the merger:

 

from King & Spalding relating to the REIT
    status of JDN; and

 

from Baker & Hostetler LLP relating to the
    federal income tax treatment of the merger;

 

from October 4, 2002, through the effective
    time of the merger, no event shall have occurred that would have
    a material adverse effect on JDN;

 

JDN shall have amended its credit agreement to
    extend its maturity date past the closing of the merger;

 

JDN shall have renewed its current
    directors and officers liability insurance policy
    through December 31, 2003, and, if requested by DDR, shall
    have exercised its option for two years of run-off coverage
    under the terms of its current policy, and shall have extended
    any other insurance policy specified in the merger agreement
    through December 31, 2003; and

 

JDN and the Internal Revenue Service shall have
    executed a closing agreement covering certain agreed-upon
    matters in a form reasonably acceptable to DDR.

As used in the merger agreement in connection
with JDN or DDR, a material adverse effect means any
change, effect or circumstance that:

 

materially adversely affects the business,
    assets, financial condition or results of operations of JDN or
    its subsidiaries or DDR or its subsidiaries, as the case may be,
    taken as a whole, except, in each case, an adverse effect or
    change arising from:

 

conditions in the U.S. economy or capital or
    financial markets generally, including changes in interest or
    exchange rates;

 

general changes in, conditions in or otherwise
    affecting, real estate properties generally, unless these
    changes have a materially disproportionate effect, relative to
    other industry participants, on JDN or DDR;

 

the merger agreement, the announcement or
    performance of the merger agreement or the merger, including the
    impact on suppliers or employees; or

 

materially adversely affects the ability of JDN
    or DDR, as the case may be, to perform its obligations under the
    merger agreement or consummate the merger.



Conditions to the Obligations
of JDN to Effect the Merger

The obligations of JDN to complete the merger are
subject to the satisfaction or, where permissible, waiver of the
following conditions:

 

each of the representations and warranties of DDR
    contained in the merger agreement, without giving effect to any
    limitation as to materiality or material
    adverse effect, shall be correct and accurate as of the
    closing of the merger as if made on the date of closing:

 

except to the extent that these representations
    and warranties are expressly limited by their terms to a
    particular date or only with respect to a particular period of
    time, in which case these representations and warranties will be
    correct and accurate as of that date or period of time; and

 

except where the failure of these representations
    and warranties to be correct and accurate would not,
    individually or in the aggregate, have or would not reasonably
    be likely to have a material adverse effect on DDR;

 

DDR shall have performed or complied in all
    material respects with all covenants required by the merger
    agreement to be performed by DDR on or prior to the effective
    time of the merger;

 

JDN will have received a certificate dated as of
    the closing of the merger from the chief executive officer or
    chief financial officer of DDR certifying on behalf of DDR to
    each of the above;

 

JDN will have received an opinion, dated as of
    the closing date of the merger:

 

from Baker & Hostetler LLP relating to the
    REIT status of DDR; and

 

from King & Spalding relating to the federal
    income tax treatment of the merger;

 

from October 4, 2002, through the effective
    time of the merger, no event shall have occurred that would have
    a material adverse effect on DDR;

No Solicitation by JDN

JDN has agreed that it will not, nor will it
permit any of its subsidiaries, or any officer, director,
employee, or agent or representative, which JDN collectively
refers to as JDNs representatives, directly or
indirectly, to:

 

solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage any
    inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer that
    constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, an
    acquisition proposal, as defined below;

 

participate in any discussions or negotiations in
    furtherance of such inquiries or to obtain an acquisition
    proposal, or the making of any proposal that constitutes an
    acquisition proposal; or

 

agree to, approve or recommend any acquisition
    proposal.

JDN has agreed that it will:

 

immediately cease and terminate any existing
    activities, discussions or negotiations with any persons or
    entities conducted before execution of the merger agreement with
    respect to any acquisition proposal, and instruct each JDN
    representative to comply with this obligation;

 

notify DDR promptly if JDN or any JDN
    representative receives:

 

an acquisition proposal or any inquiries
    indicating that any person or entity is reasonably likely to
    make an acquisition proposal, including the material terms and
    conditions of the acquisition proposal and the identity of the
    person or entity making it;

 

any request for nonpublic information relating to
    JDN or any of its subsidiaries by any person or entity that to
    JDNs knowledge is reasonably likely to make, or has made,
    an acquisition proposal; and



 

keep DDR informed on a prompt basis of any
    material change in the financial terms or structure of any
    acquisition proposal.

However, under certain circumstances, prior to
JDNs shareholders approving the merger, JDN may furnish
information to, or enter into or participate in discussions or
negotiations with, any person or entity that makes an
unsolicited bona fide written acquisition proposal to JDN,
provided that:

 

the board of directors of JDN determines in good
    faith, after consultation with independent outside legal
    counsel, that failure to do so would be inconsistent with its
    fiduciary duties to shareholders imposed by law;

 

the board of directors of JDN determines in good
    faith, after consultation with its financial advisors, that the
    acquisition proposal would be reasonably likely, if consummated,
    to result in a superior proposal, as defined below;

 

JDN complies with all of its obligations under
    the merger agreement; and

 

JDN enters into a confidentiality agreement with
    that person or entity the terms of which are at least as
    restrictive to the person or entity making the alternative
    acquisition proposal as the terms of the confidentiality
    agreement entered into with DDR.

For purposes of the merger agreement, an
acquisition proposal means an inquiry, offer or
proposal regarding any of the following (other than the merger)
involving JDN:

 

any merger, consolidation, share exchange,
    recapitalization, business combination, or other similar
    transaction in which the other party to the transaction or its
    shareholders will own 20% or more of the combined voting power
    of the surviving entity resulting from the transaction;

 

any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge,
    transfer or other disposition of 20% or more of the assets of
    JDN and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a single
    transaction or a series of related transactions;

 

any tender offer or exchange offer for 20% or
    more of the outstanding shares of JDN common stock or the filing
    of a registration statement under the Securities Act in
    connection with the tender offer or exchange offer;

 

any other transaction or series of related
    transactions pursuant to which any third party proposes to
    acquire control of the assets of JDN and its subsidiaries having
    a fair market value equal to or greater than 20% of the fair
    market value of all of the assets of JDN and its subsidiaries,
    taken as a whole, immediately prior to the transaction; or

 

any public announcement of a proposal, plan or
    intention to do any of the foregoing or any agreement to engage
    in any of the foregoing.

If an acquisition proposal constitutes a superior
proposal, as described below, the board of directors of JDN may
withdraw, modify, amend or qualify its recommendation of the
merger agreement and the merger and recommend the superior
proposal to its shareholders provided that:

 

JDN complies fully with the non-solicitation
    provisions of the merger agreement;

 

JDNs board of directors determines in good
    faith, after consultation with independent outside counsel, that
    to do otherwise would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties
    to shareholders imposed by law;

 

during the three-business-day period after JDN
    has provided written notice to DDR as discussed above:

 

JDN shall have offered to negotiate with, and, if
    accepted, negotiated in good faith with, DDR to attempt to make
    commercially reasonable adjustments in the terms and conditions
    of the merger agreement that would enable JDN to proceed with
    the merger; and



 

JDNs board of directors shall have
    concluded, after considering the results of the negotiations
    with DDR and the revised proposals made by DDR, if any, that any
    acquisition proposal continues to be a superior proposal;

 

JDN terminates the merger agreement under the
    terms of the merger agreement and pays to DDR the termination
    fee.

For purposes of the merger agreement, a
superior proposal means any bona fide written
acquisition proposal which:

 

in the good faith judgment of the board of
    directors of JDN is reasonably likely to be consummated; and

 

a majority of the board of directors of JDN
    determines in their good faith judgment, after consultation with
    independent financial advisors, to be more favorable to
    JDNs shareholders from a financial point of view (taking
    into account legal and regulatory matters) than the merger.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Right to
Terminate

The merger agreement may be terminated and the
merger abandoned at any time prior to the effective time,
whether before or after approval of the merger by the DDR or JDN
shareholders:

 

by mutual written consent of DDR and JDN;

 

by either DDR or JDN if:

 

any governmental entity shall have issued an
    order or taken any other action in each case permanently
    restraining or otherwise prohibiting the merger substantially on
    the terms contemplated by the merger agreement;

 

the merger has not been consummated by
    May 15, 2003; however, neither DDR nor JDN may terminate
    the merger agreement if its breach of a representation, warranty
    or covenant is the reason that the merger has not been
    consummated;

 

the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes
    entitled to be cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of
    JDN common stock fail to approve the merger and the merger
    agreement at the JDN special meeting; or

 

the holders of a majority of the voting power of
    DDR common shares fail to approve the merger and the merger
    agreement at the DDR special meeting;

 

by DDR if:

 

(a) the JDN board of directors has withdrawn
    or materially modified its recommendation of the merger
    agreement or the merger in a manner adverse to DDR or its
    shareholders, or has resolved to withdraw or modify its
    recommendation; (b) the JDN board of directors has approved
    or recommended any acquisition proposal made by another person
    or entity other than DDR; or (c) JDN has entered into a
    definitive agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal;

 

JDN has breached any of its representations,
    warranties or covenants contained in the merger agreement, which
    breach would lead to the failure of a condition to the
    consummation of the merger contained in the merger agreement and
    is incapable of being cured by JDN prior to May 15, 2003; or

 

the aggregate amount of any payments in
    connection with the closing agreement with the Internal Revenue
    Service paid or payable by JDN or any of its affiliates exceeds
    the aggregate distributions that would have been permitted to be
    paid by JDN to its shareholders pursuant to the merger agreement;



 

by JDN if:

 

DDR has breached any of its representations,
    warranties or covenants contained in the merger agreement, which
    breach would lead to the failure of a condition to the
    consummation of the merger contained in the merger agreement and
    is incapable of being cured by DDR prior to May 15, 2003; or

 

prior to the adoption of the merger agreement at
    the JDN special meeting the JDN board of directors has approved,
    and JDN has concurrently entered into, a definitive agreement
    for the implementation of a superior proposal, provided JDN has
    complied with the terms of the non-solicitation provisions
    contained in the merger agreement and, before terminating the
    merger agreement, has paid to DDR the termination fee.

Effect of
Termination

Except for provisions in the merger agreement
regarding confidentiality of non-public information, payment of
fees and expenses, the effect of termination and specified
miscellaneous provisions, if the merger agreement is terminated
as described above, the merger agreement will become void and
have no effect. In addition, if the merger agreement is so
terminated, there will be no liability on the part of DDR or
JDN, except to the extent that the termination results from a
willful or intentional breach by any party of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained
in the merger agreement. The confidentiality agreement, dated
November 12, 2001, as amended, between JDN and DDR will
continue in effect notwithstanding any termination of the merger
agreement.

Termination Fee and Termination
Expenses

Except as described below, and other than the
expenses associated with the filing, printing and mailing of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, which shall be shared
equally by DDR and JDN, each party to the merger agreement will
bear its own fees and expenses in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

JDN will pay to DDR a termination fee if the
merger agreement is terminated:

 

by DDR, if (a) the JDN board of directors
    has withdrawn or materially modified its recommendation of the
    merger agreement or the merger in a manner adverse to DDR or its
    shareholders, or has resolved to withdraw or modify its
    recommendation; (b) the JDN board of directors has approved
    or recommended any acquisition proposal made by another person
    or entity other than DDR; or (c) JDN has entered into a
    definitive agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal;

 

by JDN, if prior to the adoption of the merger
    agreement at the JDN special meeting the JDN board of directors
    has approved, and JDN shall concurrently enter into, a
    definitive agreement for the implementation of a superior
    proposal, provided JDN has complied with the terms of the
    non-solicitation provisions contained in the merger agreement
    and, before terminating the merger agreement, has paid to DDR
    the termination fee;

 

by JDN or DDR, if the holders of at least
    two-thirds of votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all
    outstanding shares of JDN common stock fail to approve the
    merger and the merger agreement at the JDN special meeting, an
    acquisition proposal shall at the time of the termination be
    publicly proposed or publicly announced and within
    12 months after the termination, JDN or any of its
    subsidiaries enters into any definitive agreement with respect
    to, or consummates, the acquisition proposal; or

 

by JDN or DDR, if the merger has not been
    consummated by May 15, 2003, and at the time of termination an
    acquisition proposal had been received by JDN, and either prior
    to termination of the merger agreement or within 12 months
    thereafter, JDN or any of its subsidiaries consummates an
    acquisition proposal or enters into any definitive agreement
    with respect to any acquisition proposal that is subsequently
    consummated (whether or not the acquisition proposal is the same
    acquisition



proposal that had been received at the time of
    termination of the merger agreement) with the person or entity
    who made the acquisition proposal received by JDN prior to the
    termination date.

The termination fee that DDR may be entitled to
receive will be an amount equal to the lesser of
(1) $16 million plus termination expenses, as
described below, paid or payable under the merger agreement and
(2) the maximum amount that can be paid to DDR without
causing DDR to fail to meet the REIT income requirements under
the Internal Revenue Code. The unpaid amount, if any, will be
placed in escrow and will be paid in subsequent years to the
extent the payment would not cause DDR to fail to meet the REIT
income requirements under the Internal Revenue Code. JDNs
obligation to pay any unpaid portion of the termination fee will
terminate on October 4, 2005.

JDN will pay to DDR termination expenses if the
merger agreement is terminated:

 

by DDR, if the aggregate amount of any payments
    in connection with the closing agreement with the Internal
    Revenue Service paid or payable by JDN or any of its affiliates
    exceeds the aggregate distributions that would have been
    permitted to be paid by JDN to its shareholders pursuant to the
    merger agreement;

 

by JDN or DDR, if the merger has not been
    consummated by May 15, 2003, and as of that date JDN and the
    Internal Revenue Service shall not yet have executed a closing
    agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to DDR;

 

by JDN or DDR, if the holders of at least
    two-thirds of votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all
    outstanding shares of JDN common stock fail to approve the
    merger and the merger agreement at the JDN special meeting;

 

by DDR, if JDN has breached any of its
    representations, warranties or covenants contained in the merger
    agreement, which breach would lead to the failure of a condition
    to the consummation of the merger contained in the merger
    agreement and is incapable of being cured by JDN prior to
    May 15, 2003;

DDR will pay to JDN termination expenses if the
merger agreement is terminated:

 

by JDN or DDR, if the holders of a majority of
    the voting power of DDR common shares fail to approve the merger
    and the merger agreement; or

 

by JDN, if DDR shall have breached any of its
    representations, warranties or covenants contained in the merger
    agreement, which breach would lead to the failure of a condition
    to the consummation of the merger contained in the merger
    agreement and is incapable of being cured by DDR prior to
    May 15, 2003.

The termination expenses that DDR or JDN may be
entitled to receive in these cases will be an amount equal to
the lesser of (1) $4,000,000 or (2) the applicable
partys out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement, including all fees and expenses of attorneys,
accountants, investment bankers, experts and consultants.

Waiver and Amendment of the Merger
Agreement

The merger agreement may be amended by the
parties in writing by action of the DDR board of directors and
the JDN board of directors at any time before or after the
shareholder approvals are obtained, but after shareholder
approval, no amendment may be made which by law requires the
further approval of shareholders without obtaining that further
approval. If the merger agreement is amended after the mailing
of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and your vote is
required for the amendment, DDR and JDN will resolicit your vote.



At any time before the completion of the merger,
the parties may, in writing:

 

extend the time for the performance of any of the
    obligations or other acts of the other party;

 

waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
    warranties of the other party contained in the merger agreement
    or in any document delivered under the merger agreement; or

 

waive compliance with any of the agreements or
    conditions of the other party contained in the merger agreement,
    except as specified.

By law, neither DDR nor JDN can waive:

 

the requirement that DDR common shareholders and
    JDN common shareholders approve the merger;

 

the requirement that DDR common shareholders
    approve the amendment to the DDR articles of incorporation to
    authorize the Voting Preferred Shares; or

 

any court order or law preventing the closing of
    the merger.

Whether any of the other conditions would be
waived would depend on the facts and circumstances as determined
by the reasonable business judgment of the DDR board of
directors or JDN board of directors. If DDR or JDN waived
compliance with one or more of the other conditions and the
condition was deemed material to a vote of DDR or JDN common
shareholders, DDR or JDN would have to resolicit shareholder
approval, as applicable, before closing the merger. Neither DDR
nor JDN intends to notify shareholders of any waiver that, in
the judgment of DDRs board of directors or JDNs
board of directors, does not require resolicitation of
shareholder approval.

It is a condition to the closing of the merger
that Baker & Hostetler LLP, counsel to DDR, and King &
Spalding, counsel to JDN, deliver opinions that the merger
qualifies as a reorganization under the provisions of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. This condition
will not be waived.

Indemnification; Directors and
Officers Insurance

Under the merger agreement, DDR will indemnify
and hold harmless, to the full extent permitted by applicable
law, each person who has been at any time on or before
October 4, 2002, or who becomes before the completion of
the merger, an officer or director of JDN or any JDN subsidiary
(except for those directors or officers specified in the merger
agreement) against any losses, claims, liabilities, expenses,
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection
with any threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation, whether civil, criminal or administrative,
including any action by or on behalf of any or all security
holders of JDN or DDR, or any of their subsidiaries, or by or in
the right of JDN or DDR, or any of their subsidiaries, in which
any of these persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party
based in whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out
of, or pertaining to:

 

the fact that he or she is or was an officer,
    employee or director of JDN or any of its subsidiaries or any
    action or omission by that person in his or her capacity as a
    director; or

 

the merger agreement or the transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement, whether in any case
    asserted or arising before or after the completion of the merger.

This exculpation and indemnification will be the
same as provided to these persons by JDN and its subsidiaries
immediately prior to the completion of the merger in each
entitys respective charter, bylaws, partnership, operating
or similar agreement, as applicable, as in effect on
October 4, 2002.

After the completion of the merger, DDR will be
obligated to promptly pay and advance reasonable expenses and
costs incurred by each of these persons as they become due and
payable in advance of the final disposition of the claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation to the full extent and
in the manner permitted by law. DDR is also obligated to
purchase, at or before the completion of the merger, liability
insurance policy coverage for JDNs directors and officers
for a period of six years that will provide the directors and
officers with coverage on substantially similar terms as
currently provided by JDN to these directors and officers.



Voting Agreements

Messrs. Scott Wolstein, Bert Wolstein,
Jacobstein, Hurwitz, Schoff, Schafer, Mallory and Brown and
Mrs. Allgood have entered into voting agreements with JDN
agreeing to vote all DDR common shares beneficially owned by
each of them, or that they otherwise have the power to vote:

 

in favor of adoption of the merger agreement and
    approval of the merger and the transactions contemplated by the
    merger agreement; and

 

against any action or agreement that would
    reasonably be expected to result in a breach of any covenant,
    representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
    of DDR under the merger agreement or which would reasonably be
    expected to result in any of the conditions to the merger
    agreement not being fulfilled.

However, DDR directors and officers who have
entered into voting agreements are not obligated to vote in
favor of the amendment to the DDR articles of incorporation to
increase the number of authorized shares. In addition, nothing
in the voting agreements will limit or restrict any individual
from acting as a director or officer of DDR. As of the record
date for the DDR special meeting, these persons beneficially
owned, excluding stock options, a total
of                               DDR
common shares, representing
approximately           %
of the outstanding DDR common shares entitled to vote at the DDR
special meeting.

Messrs. Byrnes, Cochran, Greene, Harris,
Macnab, Quinlan, Rothfeder, Satre and Wielansky and
Ms. Jones have entered into voting agreements with DDR
agreeing to vote all shares of JDN common stock beneficially
owned by each of them, or that they otherwise have the power to
vote:

 

for adoption and approval of the merger
    agreement, the merger and the transactions contemplated thereby;
    and

 

against any acquisition proposal and against any
    agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in a
    breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other
    obligation or agreement of JDN under the merger agreement or
    which would reasonably be expected to result in any of the
    conditions to the merger agreement not being fulfilled.

However, nothing in the voting agreements will
limit or restrict any individual from acting as a director or
officer of JDN. As of the record date for the JDN special
meeting, these persons beneficially owned, excluding stock
options, a total
of                               shares
of JDN common stock, representing
approximately           %
of the outstanding shares of JDN common stock entitled to vote
at the JDN special meeting.

The voting agreements entered into by directors
and officers of both DDR and JDN prohibit these individuals
from, directly or indirectly, (1) selling, assigning,
transferring, tendering or otherwise disposing of their shares,
including any shares acquired prior to the expiration of the
voting agreement, (2) depositing any of their shares into a
voting trust or entering into a voting agreement or arrangement
with respect to their shares or granting any proxy or power of
attorney relating to any of those actions that is inconsistent
with the voting agreement, or (3) entering into any
contract, option or other agreement or understanding related to
any of those actions. However, with respect to clauses
(1) and (3) above, in the case of an individual
shareholder, such shareholder may transfer any or all of its
shares, provided that, prior to and as a condition to the
effectiveness of the transfer, each person to which the shares
or any interest in any shares is or may be transferred shall
have executed and delivered to each of DDR and JDN a counterpart
to the voting agreement pursuant to which that person is bound
by all of the terms and provisions of the voting agreement.

In the event that any shareholder of DDR or JDN
who executed a voting agreement fails to satisfy its obligations
to vote in favor of the merger and against any action that would
be taken in opposition to or in competition with the merger,
that shareholder has granted to the other party a power of
attorney up to and through the termination of the voting
agreement to execute and deliver a proxy in the form attached to
the voting agreement for and on behalf of the shareholder, which
power of attorney shall survive death, disability, bankruptcy,
or any other impediment of the shareholder.



MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX

CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE MERGER

The following discussion describes certain U.S.
federal income tax consequences relating to the merger and the
receipt of DDR common shares in the merger by holders of JDN
common stock and the receipt of DDR Voting Preferred Shares by
holders of JDN Series A Preferred Stock. Because this
discussion is intended to address only federal income tax
consequences of the merger that will apply to all JDN
shareholders, it may not contain all of the information that may
be important to you. As you review this discussion, you should
keep in mind that:

 

the tax consequences to you may vary depending on
    your particular tax situation;

 

you may be subject to special rules that are not
    discussed below if you are:

 

a tax-exempt organization;

 

a broker-dealer;

 

a trader in securities that elects to mark to
    market;

 

a person who holds JDN stock as part of a hedge,
    straddle or conversion transaction;

 

a person who acquired shares of JDN stock
    pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise
    as compensation;

 

a person who does not hold its shares of JDN
    stock as a capital asset;

 

a non-U.S. corporation, non-U.S. partnership,
    non-U.S. trust, non-U.S. estate or individual who is not taxed
    as a citizen or resident of the United States, all of which may
    be referred to collectively as non-U.S. persons:

 

a trust;

 

an estate;

 

a regulated investment company;

 

an insurance company;

 

a financial institution;

 

U.S. expatriates who are subject to special
    rules; or

 

otherwise subject to special tax treatment under
    the Internal Revenue Code;

 

this summary does not address state, local, or
    non-U.S. tax considerations;

 

this summary does not discuss the tax
    consequences to holders of JDN stock options; and

 

this discussion is not intended to be, and should
    not be construed as, tax advice.

This summary is not a substitute for an
individual analysis of the tax consequences of the merger to
you. You should consult a tax advisor regarding the particular
federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of the
merger in light of your own situation.

General

It is a condition precedent to the closing of the
merger that opinions of Baker & Hostetler LLP and King &
Spalding be delivered to DDR and JDN, respectively, to the
effect that the merger qualifies as a reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. The opinions
will be subject to certain qualifications and assumptions as
noted therein. In addition, the opinions will be based in part
upon representations of DDR and JDN provided to counsel, which
counsel will assume to be true, correct and complete. If the
representations are inaccurate, the opinions could be adversely
affected. The opinions will also be based upon counsels
interpretation of the Internal Revenue Code, applicable Treasury
regulations, judicial



authority and administrative rulings and
practice, all as of the date of the opinions. There can be no
assurance that future legislative, judicial or administrative
changes or interpretations will not adversely affect the
accuracy of the conclusions set forth herein. No ruling has been
requested or received from the Internal Revenue Service. The
opinions will not be binding upon the Internal Revenue Service
or any court, and neither the Internal Revenue Service nor any
court will be precluded from adopting a contrary position.

Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger
to JDN common shareholders

JDN common shareholders will receive 0.518 DDR
common shares for each share of JDN common stock exchanged in
the merger, with cash being paid in lieu of fractional shares.
The merger will have the following material federal income tax
consequences to JDN common shareholders:

 

No gain or loss will be recognized by holders of
    JDN common stock upon their receipt of DDR common shares in the
    merger;

 

The aggregate tax basis of DDR common shares
    received by a JDN shareholder in the merger (including any
    fractional share deemed to have been received and then redeemed
    for cash, as described below) will be the same as the aggregate
    tax basis of the shares of JDN common stock surrendered in
    exchange therefor;

 

The holding period of DDR common shares received
    by a JDN shareholder in the merger will include the holding
    period of the shares of JDN common stock surrendered in exchange
    therefor, provided that such shares of JDN common stock are held
    as capital assets at the effective time of the merger; and

 

A cash payment in lieu of a fractional share will
    be treated as if a fractional DDR common share had been received
    in the merger and then redeemed by DDR. Such redemption should
    qualify as a distribution in full payment in exchange for the
    fractional share rather than as a distribution of a dividend.
    Accordingly, a JDN shareholder receiving cash in lieu of a
    fractional share will recognize gain or loss upon such payment
    in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between such
    shareholders basis in the fractional share and the amount
    of cash received. Such gain or loss will be a capital gain or
    loss if the JDN common stock is held as a capital asset at the
    effective time of the merger.

Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger
to JDN Preferred Shareholders

Under the merger agreement, each outstanding
share of JDN Series A Preferred Stock will be converted
into the right to receive one DDR Voting Preferred Share. See
The Merger Agreement  Merger
Consideration beginning on page 61. The merger will
have the following material federal income tax consequences to
JDN preferred shareholders:

 

No gain or loss will be recognized by holders of
    JDN Series A Preferred Stock solely upon their receipt in
    the merger of DDR Voting Preferred Shares in exchange therefor;

 

The aggregate tax basis of the DDR Voting
    Preferred Shares received by a JDN shareholder in the merger
    will be the same as the aggregate tax basis of the shares of JDN
    Series A Preferred Stock surrendered in exchange therefor;
    and

 

The holding period of DDR Voting Preferred Shares
    received by a JDN shareholder in the merger will include the
    holding period of the shares of JDN Series A Preferred
    Stock surrendered in exchange therefor, provided that such
    shares of JDN Series A Preferred Stock are held as capital
    assets at the effective time of the merger.



Backup Withholding

Certain noncorporate JDN shareholders may be
subject to backup withholding at a rate of 30% on cash payments
received in lieu of a fractional DDR common share. Backup
withholding will not apply, however, to a JDN shareholder who:

 

furnishes a correct taxpayer identification
    number and certifies that he or she is not subject to backup
    withholding on Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, or an
    appropriate substitute form;

 

provides a certificate of foreign status on
    Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 BEN, or an appropriate
    substitute form; or

 

is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

The Internal Revenue Service may impose a penalty
upon any taxpayer that fails to provide the correct taxpayer
identification number. Any amount withheld under the backup
withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against
the shareholders federal income tax liability, provided
that the shareholder furnishes required information to the
Internal Revenue Service.

Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger
to JDN, DDR and DDR Shareholders

JDN, DDR and DDRs shareholders will not
recognize any gain or loss as a result of the merger, whether or
not the merger qualifies as a reorganization for federal income
tax purposes.

DDR and its shareholders will not recognize any
gain or loss as a result of the merger.

Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger
to JDN Shareholders if the Merger Did Not Qualify as a
Reorganization

It is a condition to consummation of the merger
that DDR and JDN receive opinions of counsel that the merger
will qualify as a reorganization for federal income tax
purposes, but these opinions will not be binding upon the
Internal Revenue Service or the courts.

If the merger failed to qualify as a
reorganization, then each JDN shareholder would recognize gain
or loss, as applicable, equal to the difference between:

 

the aggregate fair market value of the DDR common
    shares, any cash received in lieu of a DDR common share, and DDR
    Voting Preferred Shares received in the merger; and

 

the shareholders adjusted tax basis in its
    JDN stock.

REIT Qualification of JDN and DDR

The merger is conditioned upon DDRs receipt
of an opinion from King & Spalding to the effect that,
commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 1994,
JDN was organized and has operated in conformity with the
requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code and that its organization and method of
operation at the time of the merger should enable it to continue
to qualify for the taxable year in which the merger occurs. This
opinion, however, will not be binding on the Internal Revenue
Service or the courts.

The opinion of King & Spalding will rely on
customary representations made by JDN about factual matters
relating to the organization and operation of JDN and its
subsidiaries and will be based, in part, on JDNs being
able to enter into an appropriate closing agreement with the
Internal Revenue Service regarding its compliance with certain
requirements for qualification as a REIT for its 2000 taxable
year. In addition, the opinion will be based on factual
representations of JDN concerning its business and properties as
set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other
documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. If any of the factual assumptions or
representations upon which King & Spaldings opinion is
based is untrue, or if any of the representations made to the
Internal Revenue Service in connection with the closing
agreement is untrue, JDN could fail to qualify as a REIT. If JDN
did not qualify



as a REIT in any of its prior tax years, JDN
could be liable for federal income tax on its income earned in
any year that it did not qualify as a REIT. Further, unless
entitled to relief under certain Internal Revenue Code
provisions, JDN could also be prohibited from re-electing REIT
status for four taxable years after the year during which it
first failed to qualify as a REIT.

JDNs qualification as a REIT in the taxable
year in which the merger occurs depends, in part, on events
occurring after merger. For example, JDN must have at least 100
stockholders on at least 335 days of each of its taxable
years. King & Spalding will not review JDNs compliance
with this requirement, or any other REIT requirement, following
the merger. Given the complex nature of the REIT requirements,
the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the
possibility of further changes in the circumstances of JDN, DDR
and JDN cannot guarantee that JDNs annual operating
results will satisfy the requirements for qualification and
taxation as a REIT for the taxable year in which the merger
occurs or for any subsequent taxable year.

The merger also is conditioned upon JDNs
receipt of an opinion from Baker & Hostetler LLP, counsel to
DDR, to the effect that, commencing with DDRs taxable year
ending December 31, 1993, DDR was organized and has
operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification
as a REIT, and that after consummation of the merger, DDRs
proposed method of operation will enable it to continue to
qualify as a REIT.

The opinion of Baker & Hostetler LLP will
rely on customary representations made by DDR about factual
matters relating to the organization and operation of DDR and
its subsidiaries. In addition, the opinion will be based upon
factual representations of DDR concerning its business and
properties as set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
and the other documents incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/ prospectus. Finally, the portion of the Baker
& Hostetler LLP opinion that will address the qualification
of DDR as a REIT following the merger will be based in part upon
the opinion of King & Spalding described above relating to
the qualification of JDN as a REIT currently and at the closing
of the merger and the representations made by JDN in connection
with the King & Spalding opinion, as well as the closing
agreement. If JDN did not qualify as a REIT at the time of the
merger, DDR could fail to qualify as a REIT after the merger.

DDR intends to continue to operate in a manner to
qualify as a REIT following the merger, but there is no
guarantee that DDR will qualify or remain qualified as a REIT.
Qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon DDRs
ability to meet, through actual annual (or, in some cases,
quarterly) operating results, requirements relating to income,
asset ownership, distribution levels and diversity of share
ownership, and the various REIT qualification requirements
imposed under the Internal Revenue Code. Baker & Hostetler
LLP will not review DDRs compliance with these tests on a
continuing basis. Given the complex nature of the REIT
qualification requirements, the ongoing importance of factual
determinations and the possibility of future changes in the
circumstances of DDR, DDR cannot guarantee that its actual
operating results will satisfy the requirements for taxation as
a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for any particular tax
year.

APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS TO THE DDR ARTICLES OF
INCORPORATION

DDR is proposing to holders of its common shares
two amendments to its articles of incorporation. These
amendments would:

 

Amend Article FOURTH to increase the total
    number of authorized shares of DDR from 109,000,000 to
    211,000,000, by increasing the number of authorized common
    shares from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000 and authorizing 2,000,000
    9 3/8% Cumulative Redeemable Voting Preferred Shares,
    without par value. The amendment would not change the authorized
    amount of DDRs nonvoting preferred shares.

 

Amend Article FOURTH to increase the number of
    authorized shares from 109,000,000 to 111,000,000 and add a new
    provision to the articles of incorporation that would authorize
    and fix the terms of 2,000,000 9 3/8% Cumulative Redeemable
    Voting Preferred Shares to be issued to holders of JDNs
    Series A Preferred Stock.



The text of these amendments is attached to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex D.

Increase in Authorized Shares

The purpose of the amendments to the DDR articles
of incorporation is to increase the number of authorized shares
of DDR, to increase the number of authorized common shares of
DDR and to authorize and fix the terms of the DDR Voting
Preferred Shares in order to provide consideration to the
holders of JDN Series A Preferred Stock for effecting the
merger.

In addition, the DDR board of directors believes
that an increase in the number of authorized common shares is
necessary to provide DDR with additional flexibility to meet its
future business needs. If the proposed amendment is approved by
the shareholders, DDR will have additional shares available for
acquisitions, equity financings, equity compensation plans,
stock dividends or stock splits and other corporate purposes.
The additional shares would be available for issuance without
further shareholder approval, except as may be required by
applicable law or the rules of the NYSE. Although DDR does not
have any commitment or understanding at this time for the
issuance of additional common shares (other than as permitted or
required under DDRs employee benefit plans), the proposed
amendment should enable DDR to take timely advantage of
favorable opportunities and market conditions when they arise.

The additional 100,000,000 common shares for
which authorization is sought would be a part of the existing
class of common shares and, if and when issued, would have the
same rights and privileges as the common shares presently
outstanding. Such additional common shares would not (and the
common shares currently outstanding do not) entitle holders
thereof to preemptive rights.

The issuance of additional common shares could
have a dilutive effect on earnings per share of the common
shares currently outstanding and on the equity and voting power
of those holding common shares at the time of issuance. In
addition, the proposed amendment could have an anti-takeover
effect, as additional common shares could be issued to dilute
the stock ownership and voting power of, or increase the cost
to, a person seeking to obtain control of DDR. However, the
amendment is not being proposed in response to any known effort
to accumulate common shares or obtain control of DDR.

Terms of DDR Voting Preferred Shares

Pursuant to the merger agreement, DDR will
exchange one DDR Voting Preferred Share for each outstanding
share of JDN Series A Preferred Stock. The terms of the DDR
Voting Preferred Shares are identical in all material respects
to the JDN Series A Preferred Stock. DDR shareholders must
approve an amendment to DDRs articles of incorporation to
authorize and fix the terms of the DDR Voting Preferred Shares.
See Description of DDR Preferred Shares on
page 83 for a detailed discussion of the terms of the DDR
Voting Preferred Shares.

Required Vote and DDR Board
Recommendation

The affirmative vote of a majority of the
outstanding DDR common shares is required to approve the
amendments to the DDR articles of incorporation. The proposal to
approve the merger agreement and the merger and the proposal to
approve the amendment to the DDR articles of incorporation to
authorize and fix the terms of the DDR Voting Preferred Shares
are conditioned on one another. If the merger agreement and the
merger and the proposed amendment to the DDR articles of
incorporation to authorize and create the DDR Voting Preferred
Shares are approved by DDR common shareholders, the amendment to
the DDR articles of incorporation will become effective at the
closing of the merger when articles of merger are filed by DDR
Transitory Sub, Inc. with the State Department of Assessments
and Taxation of Maryland and when the amendments to the DDR
articles of incorporation are filed with the Ohio Secretary of
State.

Approval by DDR common shareholders of the
proposed amendment increasing the number of authorized common
shares is not a condition to the closing of the merger.

The DDR board of directors recommends that DDR
common shareholders vote FOR approval of the
amendments to the DDR articles of incorporation.



DESCRIPTION OF DDR COMMON SHARES

General

DDRs articles of incorporation currently
authorize DDR to issue up to 100,000,000 common shares, without
par value. As of October 28, 2002, DDR had 64,942,596
common shares issued and outstanding. In addition, DDR has
reserved 7,296,935 common shares for issuance upon the exercise
of options under DDRs employee share option plan, 666,666
common shares for issuance under DDRs equity-based award
plans and 864,000 common shares for issuance upon the exercise
of options granted to DDRs directors and others.
DDRs common shares are listed on the NYSE under the symbol
DDR. National City Bank, Cleveland, Ohio, is the
transfer agent and registrar of the common shares.

The following description of DDRs common
shares sets forth certain of their general terms and provisions.
The following description of DDRs common shares is in all
respects subject to and qualified by reference to the applicable
provisions of DDRs articles of incorporation and
DDRs code of regulations.

Holders of DDRs common shares are entitled
to receive dividends when, as and if declared by DDRs
board of directors, out of funds legally available therefor. Any
payment and declaration of dividends by DDR on DDRs common
shares and purchases thereof will be subject to certain
restrictions if DDR fails to pay dividends on any outstanding
preferred shares. See Description of DDR Preferred
Shares  Dividends. If DDR is liquidated,
dissolved or involved in any winding-up, the holders of
DDRs common shares are entitled to receive ratably any
assets remaining after DDR has fully paid all of DDRs
liabilities, including the preferential amounts DDR owes with
respect to any preferred shares. Holders of DDRs common
shares possess ordinary voting rights, with each share entitling
the holder to one vote. Holders of DDRs common shares have
cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Holders
of DDRs common shares do not have preemptive rights, which
means that they have no right to acquire any additional common
shares that DDR may subsequently issue.

All of DDRs common shares now outstanding
are, and any common shares offered hereby when issued will be,
fully paid and nonassessable.

Restrictions on Ownership

In order for DDR to qualify as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code, not more than 50% in value of DDRs
outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly,
by five or fewer individuals during the last half of a taxable
year. The term individual is defined in the Internal
Revenue Code for this purpose to include certain entities. In
addition, DDRs capital stock must be beneficially owned by
100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable
year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a
shorter taxable year. Additionally, certain other requirements
must be satisfied.

To assure that five or fewer individuals do not
own more than 50% in value of DDRs outstanding common
shares, the DDR articles of incorporation provide that, subject
to certain exceptions, no holder may own, or be deemed to own by
virtue of the attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code, more than 5% of DDRs outstanding common shares.
Shareholders whose ownership exceeded the ownership limit
immediately after DDRs initial public offering, or IPO,
may continue to own common shares in excess of the ownership
limit and may acquire additional shares through the share option
plan, the equity-based award plans, any dividend reinvestment
plan adopted by DDR or from other existing shareholders who
exceed the 5% ownership limit, but may not acquire additional
shares from those sources if the result would be that the five
largest beneficial owners of common shares hold more than 49.6%
of DDRs outstanding common shares. In addition, because
rent from any tenant, 10% of which is owned, directly or
constructively, by a REIT, including an owner of 10% or more of
a REIT, is not qualifying rent for purposes of the gross income
tests under the Internal Revenue Code, the DDR articles of
incorporation provide that no individual or entity may own, or
be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code (which differ from the attribution
provisions applied to the ownership limit), in excess of 9.8% of
DDRs outstanding common shares. DDRs board of
directors may waive the 5% ownership limit and the related party
limit (the related party limit has been waived with respect to
the shareholders who exceeded the related party limit



immediately after the IPO) if an opinion of
counsel or a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service is
provided to the board of directors to the effect that that
ownership will not then or in the future jeopardize DDRs
status as a REIT. As a condition of any waiver, DDRs board
of directors will require appropriate representations and
undertakings from the applicant with respect to preserving
DDRs REIT status.

The preceding restrictions on transferability and
ownership of common shares may not apply if DDRs board of
directors determines that it is no longer in DDRs best
interests to continue to qualify as a REIT. The 5% ownership
limit and the related party limit will not be automatically
removed even if the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
are changed to no longer contain any ownership concentration
limitation or if the ownership concentration limitation is
increased. In addition to preserving DDRs status as a
REIT, the effects of the 5% ownership limit and the related
party limit are to prevent any person or small group of persons
from acquiring unilateral control of DDR. Any change in the 5%
ownership limit requires an amendment to the DDR articles of
incorporation, even if DDRs board of directors determines
that maintenance of REIT status is no longer in DDRs best
interests. Amendments to the DDR articles of incorporation
require the affirmative vote of holders owning a majority of
DDRs outstanding common shares. If it is determined that
an amendment would materially and adversely affect the holders
of any class of preferred shares, that amendment also would
require the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of the
affected class of preferred shares.

If common shares in excess of the 5% ownership
limit or the related party limit, or common shares which would
cause the REIT to be beneficially or constructively owned by
less than 100 persons or would result in DDR being closely
held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the
Internal Revenue Code, are issued or transferred to any person,
the issuance or transfer will be null and void to the intended
transferee. The intended transferee will not acquire rights to
the shares. Common shares transferred or proposed to be
transferred in excess of the 5% ownership limit or the related
party limit or which would otherwise jeopardize DDRs REIT
status (Excess Shares) will be subject to repurchase
by DDR. The purchase price of any Excess Shares will be equal to
the lesser of (1) the price in the proposed transaction and
(2) the fair market value of the shares reflected in the
last reported sale price for the common shares on the trading
day immediately preceding the date on which DDR or DDRs
designee determines to exercise DDRs repurchase right, if
the shares are then listed on a national securities exchange, or
such price for the shares on the principal exchange, if they are
then listed on more than one national securities exchange, or,
if the common shares are not then listed on a national
securities exchange, the latest bid quotation for the common
shares if they are then traded over-the-counter, or, if such
quotation is not available, the fair market value as determined
by DDRs board of directors in good faith, on the last
trading day immediately preceding the day on which notice of the
proposed purchase is sent by DDR. From and after the date fixed
for purchase of Excess Shares by DDR, the holder of the Excess
Shares will cease to be entitled to distribution, voting rights
and other benefits with respect to the Excess Shares except the
right to payment of the purchase price for the Excess Shares.
Any dividend or distribution paid to a proposed transferee on
Excess Shares will be repaid to DDR upon demand. If the
foregoing transfer restrictions are determined to be void or
invalid by virtue of any legal decision, statute, rule or
regulation, then the intended transferee of any Excess Shares
may be deemed, at DDRs option, to have acted as an agent
on DDRs behalf in acquiring the Excess Shares and to hold
the Excess Shares on DDRs behalf.

All certificates representing DDRs common
shares bear a legend referring to the preceding restrictions.

The DDR articles of incorporation provide that
all persons who own, directly or by virtue of the attribution
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more than 5% of
DDRs outstanding common shares must file an affidavit with
DDR containing information specified in the articles of
incorporation each year by January 31. In addition, each of
those shareholders will upon demand be required to disclose to
DDR in writing such information with respect to the direct,
indirect and constructive ownership of shares as DDRs
board of directors deems necessary for DDR to comply with the
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code as applicable to a REIT
or to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or
governmental agency.



DESCRIPTION OF DDR PREFERRED SHARES

DDRs articles of incorporation authorize
DDR to issue up to:

 

750,000 Class A Cumulative Preferred Shares,
    without par value (the Class A Shares), of
    which 460,000 shares have been designated as 9 1/2%
    Class A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, all of
    which have been issued and have been redeemed;

 

750,000 Class B Cumulative Preferred Shares,
    without par value (the Class B Shares), of
    which 177,500 shares have been designated as 9.44% Class B
    Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, all of which have been
    issued and have been redeemed;

 

750,000 Class C Cumulative Preferred Shares,
    without par value (the Class C Shares), of
    which 460,000 shares have been designated as 8 3/8%
    Class C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and of which
    400,000 shares are issued and outstanding;

 

750,000 Class D Cumulative Preferred Shares,
    without par value (the Class D Shares), of
    which 230,000 shares have been designated as 8.68% Class D
    Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and of which 216,000
    shares are issued and outstanding;

 

750,000 Class E Cumulative Preferred Shares,
    without par value (the Class E Shares), all of
    which have been designated as Class E Series I
    Cumulative Preferred Shares and of which none are issued and
    outstanding;

 

750,000 Class F Cumulative Preferred Shares,
    without par value (the Class F Shares), of
    which 690,000 shares have been designated as 8.60% Class F
    Cumulative Preferred Shares and of which 600,000 shares are
    issued and outstanding;

 

750,000 Class G Cumulative Redeemable
    Preferred Shares, without par value (the Class G
    Shares), of which none are issued and outstanding;

 

750,000 Class H Cumulative Preferred Shares,
    without par value (the Class H Shares), of
    which none are issued and outstanding;

 

750,000 Class I Cumulative Preferred Shares,
    without par value (the Class I Shares), of
    which none are issued and outstanding;

 

750,000 Class J Cumulative Preferred Shares,
    without par value (the Class J Shares), of
    which 450,000 shares have been designated as 9% Class J
    Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, and are reserved for
    issuance upon the conversion of partnership units;

 

750,000 Class K Cumulative Preferred Shares,
    without par value (the Class K Shares), of
    which 350,000 shares have been designated as 8 7/8%
    Class K Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, and are
    reserved for issuance upon the conversion of partnership units;
    and

 

750,000 Noncumulative Preferred Shares, without
    par value (the Noncumulative Shares), of which none
    are issued and outstanding (the Class A Shares, the
    Class B Shares, the Class C Shares, the Class D
    Shares, the Class E Shares, the Class F Shares, the
    Class G Shares, the Class H Shares, the Class I
    Shares, the Class J Shares, the Class K Shares and the
    Noncumulative Shares, collectively the nonvoting preferred
    shares).

The outstanding nonvoting preferred shares are
represented by depositary shares. Each depositary share
represents a one-tenth fractional interest in the respective
preferred share. The preferred shares have been deposited with
National City Bank, Cleveland, Ohio, as Depositary, under a
Deposit Agreement between DDR, National City Bank and the
holders from time to time of the depositary receipts issued
under the Deposit Agreement. The depositary receipts evidence
the depositary shares. Each holder of a depositary receipt
evidencing a depositary share will be entitled to all the rights
and preferences of a one-tenth fractional interest in a
corresponding preferred share (including dividend, voting,
redemption and liquidation rights and preferences).



On October 4, 2002, DDRs board of
directors adopted an amendment to the DDR articles of
incorporation, subject to approval by DDRs shareholders at
the special meeting, authorizing the issuance of up to 2,000,000
9 3/8% Cumulative Redeemable Voting Preferred Shares (the
DDR Voting Preferred Shares) in connection with the
merger. The nonvoting preferred shares and the DDR Voting
Preferred Shares are collectively referred to in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus as the DDR preferred
shares or the preferred shares.

The articles of incorporation will be amended by
DDRs board of directors in connection with the fixing of
certain terms of any additional preferred shares as provided
below.

The following description summarizes certain
general terms and provisions of each class of nonvoting
preferred shares and the proposed terms and provisions of the
DDR Voting Preferred Shares. This summary is not complete. For
more detail, you should refer to the applicable provisions of
DDRs articles of incorporation and code of regulations
that are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of
which this joint proxy statement/ prospectus is a part and
incorporated by reference herein with respect to the nonvoting
preferred shares, and the pertinent sections of the proposed
amendment to the DDR articles of incorporation, attached as
Annex D, with respect to the DDR Voting Preferred Shares.

The transfer agent, registrar and dividend
disbursing agent for the DDR Voting Preferred Shares will be
National City Bank, Cleveland, Ohio. DDR expects to list the DDR
Voting Preferred Shares on the NYSE and expects that trading
will commence after the initial delivery of the DDR Voting
Preferred Shares.

General

Except as discussed below, the DDR nonvoting
preferred shares rank on a parity with each other and are
identical to each other. The DDR Voting Preferred Shares, if
authorized, will rank equally, except with respect to voting
rights, with all of DDRs nonvoting preferred shares.
Dividends on the Class A Shares, the Class B Shares, the
Class C Shares, the Class D Shares, the Class E
Shares, the Class F Shares, the Class G Shares, the
Class H Shares, the Class I Shares, the Class J
Shares, the Class K Shares and, if authorized, the DDR
Voting Preferred Shares, will be cumulative, while dividends on
the Noncumulative Shares will not be cumulative.

Prior to the issuance of shares of each series of
each class of nonvoting preferred shares, DDRs board of
directors may, under DDRs articles of incorporation and
Ohio law, fix:

(1) the designation of the series;

(2) the authorized number of shares of the
    series. DDRs board of directors may, except when otherwise
    provided in the creation of the series, increase or decrease the
    authorized number of shares before or after issuance of the
    series (but not below the number of shares thereof then
    outstanding);

(3) the dividend rate or rates of the
    series, including the means by which such rates may be
    established;

(4) the date(s) from which dividends shall
    accrue and be cumulative and, with respect to all nonvoting
    preferred shares, the date on which and the period(s) for which
    dividends, if declared, shall be payable, including the means by
    which such date(s) and period(s) may be established;

(5) redemption rights and prices, if any;

(6) the terms and amounts of the sinking
    fund, if any;

(7) the amounts payable on shares of the
    series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
    dissolution or winding-up of DDRs affairs;

(8) whether the shares of the series shall
    be convertible into common shares or shares of any other class;

(9) if the shares are convertible, the
    conversion rate(s) or price(s), any adjustments to the rate or
    price and all other terms and conditions upon which such
    conversion may be made; and



(10) restrictions on the issuance of shares
    of the same or any other class or series.

The nonvoting preferred shares, upon issuance
against full payment of the purchase price, will be fully paid
and nonassessable and will have no preemptive rights.

Rank

All nonvoting preferred shares will be equal to
all other nonvoting preferred shares and, if authorized, the DDR
Voting Preferred Shares, with respect to dividend rights
(subject to dividends on Noncumulative Shares being
noncumulative) and rights upon DDRs liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up.

The nonvoting preferred shares and, if
authorized, the DDR Voting Preferred Shares, will be:

 

senior to all classes of common shares and to all
    other equity securities ranking junior to such DDR preferred
    shares with respect to dividend rights and rights upon
    DDRs liquidation, dissolution or winding-up;

 

equal to all of DDRs equity securities the
    terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities
    are equal to the DDR preferred shares with respect to dividend
    rights and rights upon DDRs liquidation, dissolution or
    winding-up; and

 

junior to all of DDRs equity securities the
    terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities
    rank senior to the DDR preferred shares with respect to dividend
    rights and rights upon DDRs liquidation, dissolution or
    winding-up.

Dividends

The holders of each series of each class of
nonvoting preferred shares are entitled to receive, if, when and
as declared, out of funds legally available for payment,
dividends in cash at the rate determined for such series in
preference to the holders of common shares and of any other
class of shares ranking junior to the nonvoting preferred
shares. Dividends shall be payable on the date fixed for such
series. Dividends with respect to each series of Class A Shares,
Class B Shares, Class C Shares, Class D Shares,
Class E Shares, Class F Shares, Class G Shares,
Class H Shares, Class I Shares, Class J Shares
and Class K Shares, as well as the Voting Preferred Shares,
will be cumulative from the dates fixed for the series.
Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear on
DDRs stock transfer books on the record dates fixed by
DDRs board of directors. Any dividend payment made on such
preferred shares will first be credited against the earliest
accumulated but unpaid dividend due with respect to such shares
which remains payable.

The holders of the DDR Voting Preferred Shares
will be entitled to receive, when and as declared by DDRs
board of directors, out of funds legally available for the
payment of dividends, cumulative preferential cash dividends at
the rate of 9 3/8% of the liquidation preference per year
(equivalent to $2.34 per year per Voting Preferred Share). Such
dividends will be cumulative from the first day of the fiscal
quarter in which the merger is closed and will be payable
quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30,
September 30 and December 31 or, if not a business
day, the next succeeding business day (each, a Dividend
Payment Date). Any dividend payable on the Voting
Preferred Shares for any partial dividend period will be
computed on the basis of the 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months. DDR will pay dividends received to the record
holders of the DDR Voting Preferred Shares as of the close of
business on the applicable record date, which shall be the
fifteenth day of the calendar month in which the applicable
Dividend Payment Date falls or on such other date designated by
DDRs board of directors for the payment of dividends that
is not more than 45 nor less than 10 days prior to such
Dividend Payment Date (each, a Dividend Record Date).

Dividends on the DDR preferred shares will
accumulate whether or not DDR has earnings, whether or not there
are funds legally available for the payment of such dividends
and whether or not such dividends are declared. Accumulated but
unpaid dividends on the DDR preferred shares will not bear
interest.



If DDR preferred shares are outstanding,
dividends may not be paid or declared or set apart for any
series of DDR preferred shares for any dividend period unless at
the same time:

(1) a proportionate dividend for the
    dividend periods terminating on the same or any earlier date for
    all issued and outstanding shares of all series of such class
    entitled to receive such dividend (but, if such series are
    series of Noncumulative Shares, then only with respect to the
    current dividend period), ratably in proportion to the
    respective annual dividend rates fixed therefor, have been paid
    or declared or set apart; and

(2) the dividends payable for the dividend
    periods terminating on the same or any earlier date for all
    other classes of issued and outstanding DDR preferred shares
    entitled to receive such dividends (but, with respect to
    Noncumulative Shares, only with respect to the then current
    dividend period), ratably in proportion to the respective
    dividend rates fixed therefor, have been paid or declared or set
    apart.

If any series of DDR preferred shares is
outstanding, a dividend shall not be paid or declared or any
distribution made in respect of the common shares or any other
shares ranking junior to such series of DDR preferred shares,
and common shares or any other shares ranking junior to such
series of DDR preferred shares shall not be purchased, retired
or otherwise acquired by DDR unless:

(1) all accrued and unpaid dividends on all
    classes of outstanding DDR preferred shares, including the full
    dividends for all current dividend periods for the nonvoting
    preferred shares (except, with respect to Noncumulative Shares,
    for the then-current dividend period only), have been declared
    and paid or a sum sufficient for payment thereof set apart; and

(2) with respect to the nonvoting preferred
    shares, there are no arrearages with respect to the redemption
    of any series of any class of DDR preferred shares from any
    sinking fund provided for such class in accordance with the DDR
    articles of incorporation. However, common shares and any other
    shares ranking junior to such series of DDR preferred shares may
    be purchased, retired or otherwise acquired using the proceeds
    of a sale of common shares or other shares junior to such DDR
    preferred shares received subsequent to the first date of
    issuance of such DDR preferred shares. In addition, DDR may pay
    or declare or distribute dividends payable in common shares or
    other shares ranking junior to such DDR preferred shares.

The preceding restrictions on the payment of
dividends or other distributions on, or on the purchase,
redemption, retirement or other acquisition of, common shares or
any other shares ranking equal to or junior to any class of DDR
preferred shares will be inapplicable to:

(1) any payments in lieu of issuance of
    fractional shares, upon any merger, conversion, stock dividend
    or otherwise, in the case of the nonvoting preferred shares;

(2) the conversion of DDR preferred shares
    into common shares; or

(3) the exercise of DDRs rights to
    repurchase shares of capital stock in order to preserve
    DDRs status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code.

When dividends are not paid in full (or a sum
sufficient for full payment is not set apart) upon the DDR
preferred shares of any series and the shares of any other
series of DDR preferred shares ranking on a parity as to
dividends with such series, all dividends declared upon DDR
preferred shares of such series and any other series of DDR
preferred shares ranking on a parity as to dividends with such
DDR preferred shares shall be declared pro rata so that the
amount of dividends declared per share on the shares of such
series of DDR preferred shares shall in all cases bear to each
other the same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the DDR
preferred shares of such series (which shall not include any
accumulation in respect of unpaid dividends for prior dividend
periods for Noncumulative Shares) and such other series bear to
each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest,
shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments
on DDR preferred shares of such series which may be in arrears.

Any dividend payment made on DDR preferred shares
will first be credited against the earliest accrued but unpaid
dividend due with respect to such shares that remains payable.



Redemption

Nonvoting
Preferred Shares.

If DDRs board of directors so provides in
the applicable amendment to the DDR articles of incorporation, a
series of nonvoting preferred shares will be subject to
mandatory redemption or redemption at DDRs option, as a
whole or in part, in each case upon the terms, at the times and
at the redemption prices set forth in such amendment.

The amendment to the DDR articles of
incorporation fixing the terms for a series of nonvoting
preferred shares subject to mandatory redemption will specify
the number of such nonvoting preferred shares that will be
redeemed by DDR in each year commencing after a date to be
specified. The amendment will also specify a redemption price
per share. The redemption price per share will include an amount
equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends on such nonvoting
preferred shares as of the date of redemption; however, the
redemption price of Noncumulative Shares will include only
unpaid dividends for the current dividend period. The redemption
price may be payable in cash or other property, as specified in
the applicable amendment.

DDR may not purchase or redeem for sinking fund
purposes or otherwise less than all of a class of outstanding
nonvoting preferred shares except in accordance with a stock
purchase offer made to all holders of record of such class,
unless all dividends on that class of outstanding nonvoting
preferred shares for previous and current dividend periods
(except, in the case of Noncumulative Shares, dividends for the
current dividend period only) have been declared and paid or
funds set apart and all accrued sinking fund obligations
applicable thereto have been complied with. However, DDR may
repurchase shares of capital stock in order to maintain
DDRs qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue
Code.

If fewer than all of DDRs outstanding
shares of any class of nonvoting preferred shares are to be
redeemed, DDR will determine the number of shares to be
redeemed. DDRs board of directors will determine the
manner for selecting by lot the shares to be redeemed.

DDR will mail notice of redemption at least
30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption
date to each holder of record of a preferred share to be
redeemed at the address shown on DDRs stock transfer
books. If fewer than all the nonvoting preferred shares of any
series are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption will also
specify the number of nonvoting preferred shares to be redeemed
from each holder. If notice of redemption of any nonvoting
preferred shares has been given and if the funds necessary for
such redemption have been set aside by DDR in trust for the
benefit of the holders of the nonvoting preferred shares to be
redeemed, dividends will cease to accrue on such nonvoting
preferred shares. In addition, the holders of nonvoting
preferred shares to be redeemed will cease to be shareholders
with respect to such shares and will have no right or claim
against DDR with respect to such shares as of the redemption
date. However, such holders will have the right to receive the
redemption price without interest or to exercise before the
redemption date any unexercised privileges of conversion.

The terms of redemption for the existing classes
of DDR preferred shares are included in the DDR articles of
incorporation that is filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a
part.

Voting
Preferred Shares.

DDR may not redeem the DDR Voting Preferred
Shares prior to September 15, 2003. On and after
September 15, 2003, at DDRs option, upon not less
than 30 nor more than 60 days written notice, DDR may
redeem the DDR Voting Preferred Shares, in whole or in part, at
any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of
$25 per share, plus all accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon
to the date fixed for redemption (except as provided below),
without interest. The redemption price of the DDR Voting
Preferred Shares (other than the portion thereof consisting of
accumulated and unpaid dividends) is payable solely out of the
sale proceeds of DDRs other capital shares. For purposes
of the preceding sentence, capital shares means any
common shares, preferred shares, depositary shares,
participations or other ownership interests (however designated)
and any rights (other than debt securities convertible into or
exchangeable for equity securities) or options to purchase any
of the foregoing. Holders of DDR Voting Preferred Shares to be



redeemed shall surrender such shares at the place
designated in such notice and shall be entitled to the
redemption price and any accumulated and unpaid dividends
payable upon such redemption following such surrender. If fewer
than all the outstanding Voting Preferred Shares are to be
redeemed, the Voting Preferred Shares to be redeemed shall be
selected by lot, pro rata or by any other equitable method
determined by DDR.

Unless full cumulative dividends on all DDR
Voting Preferred Shares shall have been or contemporaneously are
declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the
payment thereof set apart for payment, no DDR Voting Preferred
Shares shall be redeemed unless all outstanding DDR Voting
Preferred Shares are simultaneously redeemed; provided, however,
that the foregoing shall not prevent the purchase or acquisition
of DDR Voting Preferred Shares from persons owning in the
aggregate 9.8% or more of any class of DDRs outstanding
DDR Voting Preferred Shares pursuant to provisions of DDRs
articles of incorporation or pursuant to a purchase or exchange
offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding DDR
Voting Preferred Shares.

DDR will give holders of DDR Voting Preferred
Shares written notice of the redemption of the DDR Voting
Preferred Shares stating the redemption date, the redemption
price, the place of payment thereof and that dividends on the
shares to be redeemed will cease to accrete on such redemption
date. If less than all the DDR Voting Preferred Shares held by
any holder are to be redeemed, the notice mailed to such holder
shall also specify the number of DDR Voting Preferred Shares to
be redeemed.

The holders of DDR Voting Preferred Shares at the
close of business on a Dividend Record Date will be entitled to
receive the dividend payable with respect to the underlying DDR
Voting Preferred Shares on the corresponding Dividend Payment
Date notwithstanding the redemption thereof between such
Dividend Record Date and the corresponding Dividend Payment Date
or DDRs default in the payment of the dividend due. Except
as provided above, DDR will make no payment or allowance for
unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on DDR Voting
Preferred Shares called for redemption.

The DDR Voting Preferred Shares have no stated
maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or
mandatory redemption.

Liquidation Preference

In the event of DDRs voluntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up, the holders of any series of any
class of DDR preferred shares shall be entitled to receive in
full out of DDRs assets, including its capital, before any
amount shall be paid or distributed among the holders of the
common shares or any other shares ranking junior to such series,
the amounts fixed by DDRs board of directors with respect
to such series and set forth in the applicable amendment to the
DDR articles of incorporation. In addition, each holder will
receive an amount equal to all dividends accrued and unpaid on
that series of DDR preferred shares to the date of payment of
the amount due pursuant to DDRs liquidation, dissolution
or winding-up. However, holders of Noncumulative Shares will
only receive dividends for the current dividend period. After
holders of the DDR preferred shares are paid the full
preferential amounts to which they are entitled, they will have
no right or claim to any of DDRs remaining assets.

Upon any such voluntary liquidation, dissolution
or winding-up, the holders of the Voting Preferred Shares will
be entitled to be paid out of DDRs assets legally
available for distribution to DDRs shareholders a
liquidation preference of $25 per share, plus an amount equal to
any accumulated and unpaid dividends to the date of payment.

If liquidating distributions are made in full to
all holders of DDR preferred shares, DDRs remaining assets
will be distributed among the holders of any other classes or
series of capital stock ranking junior to the DDR preferred
shares upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. The
distributions will be made according to the holders
respective rights and preferences and, in each case, according
to their respective numbers of shares. DDRs merger or
consolidation into or with any other corporation, or the sale,
lease or conveyance of all or substantially all of DDRs
assets, shall not constitute a dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up.



Voting Rights

     Nonvoting
Preferred Shares.

Holders of nonvoting preferred shares will not
have any of the voting rights provided to the holders of DDR
Voting Preferred Shares, or any other voting rights other than
the voting rights described below that apply to all DDR
preferred shares, whether nonvoting or voting, and as from time
to time required by law.

If and when DDR is in default in the payment of
(or, with respect to noncumulative shares, have not paid or
declared and set aside a sum sufficient for the payment of)
dividends on any series of any class of outstanding nonvoting
preferred shares, for dividend payment periods, whether
consecutive or not, which in the aggregate contain at least
540 days, all holders of shares of such class, voting
separately as a class, together and combined with all other DDR
preferred shares upon which like voting rights have been
conferred and are exercisable, will be entitled to elect a total
of two members of DDRs board of directors. This voting
right shall be vested and any additional directors shall serve
until all accrued and unpaid dividends (except, with respect to
Noncumulative Shares, only dividends for the then current
dividend period) on such outstanding DDR preferred shares have
been paid or declared and a sufficient sum set aside for payment
thereof.

The affirmative vote of the holders of at least
two-thirds of a class of outstanding nonvoting preferred shares,
voting separately as a class, shall be necessary to effect
either of the following:

(1) The authorization, creation or increase
    in the authorized number of any shares, or any security
    convertible into shares, senior to such class of nonvoting
    preferred shares; or

(2) Any amendment, alteration or repeal,
    whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any of the
    provisions of the DDR articles of incorporation or the code of
    regulations which adversely and materially affects the
    preferences or voting or other rights of the holders of such
    class of nonvoting preferred shares which are set forth in the
    DDR articles of incorporation. However, the amendment of the DDR
    articles of incorporation to authorize, create or change the
    authorized or outstanding number of a class of such preferred
    shares or of any shares ranking on a parity with or junior to
    such class of preferred shares does not adversely and materially
    affect preferences or voting or other rights of the holders of
    such class of preferred shares. In addition, amending the code
    of regulations to change the number or classification of
    DDRs directors does not adversely or materially affect
    preferences or voting rights or other rights. Voting shall be
    done in person at a meeting called for one of the above purposes
    or in writing by proxy.

The preceding voting provisions will not apply
if, at or prior to the time of the action with respect to which
such vote would be required, all outstanding shares of such
series of DDR preferred shares have been redeemed or called for
redemption and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in
trust to effect such redemption.

Voting
Preferred Shares.

If and when DDR is in default in the payment of
(or, with respect to noncumulative shares, have not paid or
declared and set aside a sum sufficient for the payment of)
dividends on the DDR Voting Preferred Shares, for at least six
dividend payment periods, whether or not consecutive, all
holders of shares of such class, voting separately as a class,
together and combined with all other DDR preferred shares upon
which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable, will be entitled to elect a total of two members of
DDRs board of directors. This voting right shall be vested
and any additional directors shall serve until all accrued and
unpaid dividends (except, with respect to Noncumulative Shares,
only dividends for the then current dividend period) on such
outstanding DDR preferred shares have been paid or declared and
a sufficient sum set aside for payment thereof.



The affirmative vote of the holders of at least
two-thirds of a class of the outstanding Voting Preferred
Shares, voting separately as a class, shall be necessary to
effect either of the following:

(1) Any amendment, alteration or repeal of
    any of the provisions of, or the addition of any provision to,
    the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or the Code
    of Regulations of the Corporation, whether by merger,
    consolidation or otherwise (an Event) that
    materially adversely affects the voting powers, rights or
    preferences of the holders of the Voting Preferred Shares;
    provided, however, that the amendment of the provisions of the
    Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (A) so as to
    authorize or create, or to increase the authorized amount of, or
    issue, any shares ranking junior to the Voting Preferred Shares
    or any shares of any class or series of shares ranking on a
    parity with the Voting Preferred Shares or (B) with respect
    to the occurrence of any Event, so long as the Voting Preferred
    Shares remain outstanding with the terms thereof materially
    unchanged, taking into account that upon the occurrence of the
    Event, the Corporation may not be the surviving entity, shall
    not in either case be deemed to materially adversely affect the
    voting power, rights or preferences of the holders of Voting
    Preferred Shares; or

(2) The authorization, creation of, increase
    in the authorized amount of, or issuance of any shares of any
    class or series of shares ranking senior to the Voting Preferred
    Shares or any security convertible into shares of any class or
    series of shares raking senior to the Voting Preferred Shares
    (whether or not such class or series of shares ranking senior to
    the Voting Preferred Shares is currently authorized.

The preceding voting provisions will not apply,
if at or prior to the time of the action with respect to which
such vote would be required, all outstanding shares of such
series of Voting Preferred Shares have been redeemed or called
for redemption and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in
trust to effect such redemption.

In addition to the foregoing, the holders of
Voting Preferred Shares shall be entitled to vote on all matters
(for which holders of DDR common shares shall be entitled to
vote thereon) at all meetings of the shareholders at the
Corporation, and shall be entitled to one vote for each Voting
Preferred Share entitled to vote at such meeting.

General.

Without limiting the provisions described above,
under Ohio law, holders of each class of DDR preferred shares
will be entitled to vote as a class on any amendment to the DDR
articles of incorporation, whether or not they are entitled to
vote thereon by the DDR articles of incorporation, if the
amendment would:

(1) increase or decrease the par value of
    the shares of such class;

(2) change the issued shares of such class
    into a lesser number of shares of such class or into the same or
    different number of shares of another class;

(3) change or add to the express terms of
    the shares of the class in any manner substantially prejudicial
    to the holders of such class;

(4) change the express terms of any class of
    issued shares senior to the particular class in any manner
    substantially prejudicial to the holders of shares of the
    particular class;

(5) authorize shares of another class that
    are convertible into, or authorize the conversion of shares of
    another class into, shares of the particular class, or authorize
    the directors to fix or alter conversion rights of shares of
    another class that are convertible into shares of the particular
    class;

(6) reduce or eliminate DDRs stated
    capital;

(7) substantially change DDRs
    purposes; or

(8) change DDR into a nonprofit corporation.

If, and only to the extent that, (1) a class
of DDR preferred shares is issued in more than one series and
(2) Ohio law permits the holders of a series of a class of
capital stock to vote separately as a class, the



affirmative vote of the holders of at least
two-thirds of each series of such class of outstanding DDR
preferred shares, voting separately as a class, shall be
required for any amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by
merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of
the DDR articles of incorporation or the code of regulations
which adversely and materially affects the preferences or voting
or other rights of the holders of such series as set forth in
the DDR articles of incorporation. However, the amendment of the
DDR articles of incorporation so as to authorize, create or
change the authorized or outstanding number of a class of DDR
preferred shares or of any shares ranking equal to or junior to
such class of DDR preferred shares does not adversely and
materially affect the preference or voting or other rights of
the holders of such series. In addition, amendment of the code
of regulations to change the number or classification of
DDRs directors does not adversely and materially affect
the preference or voting or other rights of the holders of such
series.

Conversion Rights

The terms and conditions, if any, upon which
shares of any series of any class of nonvoting preferred shares
are convertible into common shares will be, or have been, set
forth in the relating amendment to the DDR articles of
incorporation.

The Voting Preferred Shares are not convertible
into or exchangeable for any of DDRs other property or
securities.

Restrictions on Ownership

In order for DDR to qualify as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code, not more than 50% in value of DDRs
outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly,
by five or fewer individuals during the last half of a taxable
year. Individual is defined in the Internal Revenue Code to
include certain entities. In addition, DDRs capital stock
must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at
least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or
during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. DDR also
must satisfy certain other requirements. For more information on
restrictions on ownership, see Description of DDR Common
Shares  Restrictions on Ownership.

To assure that five or fewer individuals do not
own more than 50% in value of DDRs outstanding preferred
shares, DDRs articles of incorporation provide that,
subject to certain exceptions, no one may own, or be deemed to
own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code, more than 9.8% (the preferred shares
ownership limit) of any series of any class of DDRs
outstanding preferred shares. In addition, because rent from a
related party tenant is not qualifying rent for purposes of the
gross income tests under the Internal Revenue Code, the DDR
articles of incorporation provide that no individual or entity
may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, in excess of 9.8% of
DDRs outstanding shares of any series of any class of
preferred shares (the preferred shares related party
limit). The attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code applied to related party tenants differ from the
attribution provisions applied to the preferred shares ownership
limit. A related party tenant is any tenant of which 10% is
owned, directly or constructively, by a REIT, including an owner
of 10% or more of a REIT. DDRs board of directors may
waive the preferred shares ownership limit and the preferred
shares related party limit if it obtains such representations
and undertakings from the applicant with respect to preserving
DDRs REIT status as are reasonably necessary to ascertain
that such ownership will not jeopardize DDRs REIT status.

The preceding restrictions on transferability and
ownership of preferred shares may not apply if DDRs board
of directors determines that it is no longer in DDRs best
interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a
REIT. Even if the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
are changed so as to no longer contain any ownership
concentration limitation or if the ownership concentration
limitation is increased, the preferred shares ownership limit
and the preferred shares related party limit will not be
automatically removed. Any change in the preferred shares
ownership limit would require an amendment to the articles of
incorporation, even if DDRs board of directors determines
that maintenance of REIT status is no longer in DDRs best
interests. Amendments to DDRs articles of incorporation
require the affirmative vote of holders owning not less than a
majority of DDRs outstanding common shares. If it is
determined that



an amendment would materially and adversely
affect the holders of any class of preferred shares, such
amendment would also require the affirmative vote of holders of
not less than two-thirds of such class of preferred shares.

If preferred shares in excess of the preferred
shares ownership limit or the preferred shares related party
limit are issued or transferred to any person, such issuance or
transfer will be null and void to the intended transferee, and
the intended transferee will acquire no rights to the shares. In
addition, if an issuance or transfer would cause DDRs
shares to be beneficially or constructively owned by fewer than
100 persons or would result in DDRs being closely
held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the
Internal Revenue Code, such issuance or transfer will be null
and void to the intended transferee, and the intended transferee
will acquire no rights to the shares. DDR preferred shares
transferred or proposed to be transferred in excess of the
preferred shares ownership limit or the preferred shares related
party limit or which would otherwise jeopardize DDRs REIT
status will be subject to repurchase by DDR. The purchase price
of such nonvoting preferred shares will be equal to the lesser
of (1) the price in such proposed transaction and
(2) the fair market value of such shares reflected in the
last reported sales price for the shares on the trading day
immediately preceding the date on which DDR or DDRs
designee determine to exercise DDRs repurchase right if
the shares are listed on a national securities exchange, or such
price for the shares on the principal exchange if the shares are
then listed on more than one national securities exchange. If
the shares are not listed on a national securities exchange, the
purchase price will be equal to the lesser of (1) the price
in such proposed transaction and (2) the latest bid
quotation for the shares if the shares are then traded over the
counter, or, if such quotation is not available, the fair market
value as determined by DDRs board of directors in good
faith, on the last trading day immediately preceding the day on
which notice of such proposed purchase is sent by DDR.

From and after the date fixed for DDRs
purchase of such DDR preferred shares, the holder will cease to
be entitled to distributions, voting rights and other benefits
with respect to such shares except the right to payment of the
purchase price for the shares. Any dividend or distribution paid
to a proposed transferee on such DDR preferred shares must be
repaid to DDR upon demand. If the foregoing transfer
restrictions are determined to be void or invalid by virtue of
any legal decision, statute, rule or regulation, then the
intended transferee of any such DDR preferred shares may be
deemed, at DDRs option, to have acted as DDRs agent
in acquiring such DDR preferred shares and to hold such DDR
preferred shares on DDRs behalf.

All certificates for DDR preferred shares will
bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above.

The DDR articles of incorporation provide that
all persons who own, directly or by virtue of the attribution
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more than 5% of the DDR
preferred shares shall upon demand disclose to DDR in writing
such information with respect to the direct, indirect and
constructive ownership of shares that DDRs board of
directors deems necessary to comply with the provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code as applicable to a REIT or to comply with
the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental agency.

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF DDR SHAREHOLDERS AND
JDN SHAREHOLDERS

As a result of the merger, JDN common
shareholders will receive 0.518 of a DDR common share in
exchange for each outstanding share of JDN common stock. Holders
of JDN Series A Preferred Stock will receive one newly
created DDR Voting Preferred Share for each outstanding share of
JDN Series A Preferred Stock. The following is a summary of
certain material differences between the rights of holders of
JDN common stock and JDN Series A Preferred Stock and the
rights of holders of DDR common shares and DDR Voting Preferred
Shares. These differences arise in part from the differences
between Maryland law governing business corporations, including
the Maryland General Corporation Law, commonly referred to as
the MGCL, and Ohio law governing business corporations,
including the Ohio General Corporation Law, commonly referred to
as the OGCL. Additional differences arise from the governing
instruments of the two companies (in the case of JDN, its
articles of incorporation and bylaws, in each case, as amended
and restated, and, in the case of DDR, its articles of
incorporation and its code of regulations). After completion of
the merger, the rights of JDN shareholders who become DDR
shareholders will be governed by DDRs articles of
incorporation, DDRs code of regulations, and Ohio law. JDN
shareholders are urged to read the full text of DDRs
articles of incorporation and code of regulations, which are set
forth as exhibits to the



registration statement of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is a part. The following description of the
material provisions of DDRs articles of incorporation and
code of regulations and JDNs articles of incorporation and
bylaws is qualified in its entirety by reference to those
documents, which are incorporated by reference. Although it is
impractical to compare all of the aspects in which Maryland law
and Ohio law and JDNs and DDRs governing instruments
differ with respect to shareholders rights, the following
discussion summarizes certain significant differences between
them. See Where You Can Find More Information on
page 111.

Authorized Capital Shares:

DDR

JDN

DDRs articles of incorporation authorize
    the following classes of shares:

JDNs articles of incorporation authorize
    the following classes of shares:

 100,000,000 common shares;

     750,000 Class A cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class A Shares);

     750,000 Class B cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class B Shares);

     750,000 Class C cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class C Shares);

     750,000 Class D cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class D Shares);

     750,000 Class E cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class E Shares);

     750,000 Class F cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class F Shares);

     750,000 Class G cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class G Shares);

     750,000 Class H cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class H Shares);

     750,000 Class I cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class I Shares);

     750,000 Class J cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class J Shares);

     750,000 Class K cumulative preferred shares
    (the Class K Shares); and

     750,000 noncumulative preferred shares (the
    Noncumulative Shares, and together with the
    Class A Shares, the Class B Shares, the Class C
    Shares, the Class D Shares, the Class E Shares, the
    Class F Shares, the Class G Shares, the Class H
    Shares, the Class I Shares, the Class J Shares and the
    Class K Shares collectively referred to as the
    nonvoting preferred shares).

 150,000,000
    common
    shares;
      2,300,000
    shares of Series A Preferred Stock;
    and
      17,700,000
    authorized, but unissued preferred shares.

In addition, if the proposed amendments to the
    articles of incorporation are approved, there will be
    200,000,000 authorized common shares, and 2,000,000 DDR Voting
    Preferred Shares.

Public Market for the Shares:

DDR

DDR
    common shares are listed on the NYSE.

JDN

JDN
    common stock is listed on the NYSE.

Size of the Board of Directors:

DDR

The
    OGCL provides that the board of directors

JDN

The
    MGCL provides that each Maryland



 of an Ohio corporation
    with more than two shareholders must consist of three or more
    individuals, with the number specified in or fixed in accordance
    with the articles of incorporation or code of regulations of the
    corporation. DDRs code of regulations provides that the
    number of directors may not be fewer than three nor greater than
    15. Currently there are ten directors, but if the proposal to
    increase the number of directors is approved, then there will be
    11 directors. The articles of incorporation provide that at
    least a majority of the members of the board of the directors
    must at all times, except during the period of a vacancy, be
    independent directors who are neither employees nor affiliates
    of DDR.

corporation must have at least
    one director, with the number specified in or fixed in accordance with
    the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation.
    Corporations that have elected to be governed by the unsolicited
    takeover statute are subject to special rules regarding the size
    of the board of directors (JDN has not made this election). A
    majority of the board must consist of independent directors.
    JDNs bylaws provide that the number of directors may not
    be fewer than three nor greater than nine. If at any time the
    corporation has less than three shareholders, the number of
    directors of the corporation may be less than three but not less
    than the number of shareholders. Currently, there are six
    directors.

Classes of
    Directors:

A
    classified board of directors is one in which some, but not all,
    of the directors are elected on a rotating basis each year. The
    purpose of staggering the terms of members of a board of
    directors is to promote stability and continuity within the
    board of directors. However, staggering the terms of directors
    also has the effect of decreasing the number of directors that
    may otherwise be elected by shareholders in a given year, and,
    therefore, may have the effect of precluding a contest for the
    election of directors or may delay, prevent or make more
    difficult changes in control of a corporation.

DDR

The
    OGCL permits, but does not require, an Ohio corporation to
    provide in its articles of incorporation or code of regulations
    for a classified board of directors. DDRs code of
    regulations does not provide for a classified board of directors.

JDN

The
    MGCL permits, but does not require, a Maryland corporation to
    provide in its articles of incorporation or bylaws for a
    classified board of directors. Corporations that have elected to
    be governed by the unsolicited takeover statute are subject to
    special rules regarding the classes of directors (JDN has not
    made that election). JDNs bylaws divide the JDN board of
    directors into three classes, equal or approximately equal in
    number, with each class of directors serving a staggered term of
    three years.

Election of the Board of Directors:

DDR

The
    OGCL provides that only those individuals nominated as directors
    may be elected as directors. DDRs code of regulations does
    not specify advance notice requirements for nominating
    directors. With respect to the election of a director, if a
    quorum is present, the nominee receiving the greatest number of
    votes is elected as director.

JDN

The
    MGCL provides that, unless the charter or bylaws of a
    corporation provide otherwise, the nominee receiving the
    greatest number of all the votes cast at a shareholder meeting
    at which a quorum is present will be elected director.
    JDNs bylaws do not alter this provision. The MGCL does not
    contain a requirement that only those individuals nominated as
    directors may be elected as directors, but if a shareholder does
    wish to nominate a director, he or she must provide advance
    notice of the nomination to the corporation. JDNs bylaws
    provide that only those persons who are nominated either by the
    nominating committee



or by shareholders may be elected as directors at
    an annual meeting of the shareholders.

Vacancies on the Board of Directors:

DDR

The
    OGCL provides that vacancies, including vacancies resulting from
    an increase in the number of directors, on an Ohio
    corporations board of directors may be filled by a
    majority of the remaining directors of the corporation, unless
    the governing documents of the corporation provide otherwise. If
    the remaining directors constitute less than a quorum of the
    board of directors, then the remaining directors may fill
    vacancies by a majority vote. DDRs code of regulations
    provides that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled
    by a majority vote of the remaining directors until an election
    to fill such vacancies is had. Shareholders entitled to elect
    directors have the right to fill any vacancy in the board
    (whether the same has been temporarily filled by the remaining
    directors or not) at any meeting of the shareholders called for
    that purpose, and any directors elected at the meeting of
    shareholders will serve until the next annual election of
    directors and until their successors are elected and qualified.

JDN

The
    MGCL provides that shareholders may elect a successor to fill a
    vacancy on the board of directors which results from the removal
    of a director. Unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws
    provide otherwise, a majority of the remaining directors,
    whether or not sufficient to constitute a quorum, may fill a
    vacancy on the board of directors which results from removal for
    any cause except an increase in the number of directors, which
    requires the vote of a majority of the entire board of
    directors. JDNs bylaws do not alter these provisions.

Removal of Directors:

DDR

The
    OGCL provides that directors of an Ohio corporation may only be
    removed for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
    majority of the voting power entitling holders to elect
    directors in place of those to be removed, except that, unless
    all of the directors or all of the directors of a particular
    class are removed, no individual director may be removed if the
    votes of a sufficient number of shares are cast against the
    directors removal that, if cumulatively voted at an
    election of all of the directors, or all of the directors of a
    particular class, as the case may be, would be sufficient to
    elect at least one director, unless the governing documents of
    the corporation provide that no director may be removed from
    office or that removal of directors requires a greater vote than
    described above.
     DDRs
    code of regulations provides that all the directors or any
    individual director may be removed from office, without
    assigning any cause, by the vote of the holders of a majority of
    the voting power entitling them to elect directors in place of
    those to be removed, provided that unless all the directors

JDN

The
    MGCL provides that, unless otherwise provided in the articles of
    incorporation, the shareholders of a corporation may remove any
    director, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a
    majority of all the votes entitled to be cast generally for the
    election of directors, except if a corporation has cumulative
    voting for the election of directors and less than the entire
    board is to be removed, a director may not be removed without
    cause if the votes cast against his removal would be sufficient
    to elect him if then cumulatively voted at an election of the
    entire board of directors, or, if there is more than one class
    of directors, at an election of the class of directors of which
    he is a member. Unless otherwise provided in the charter of the
    corporation, if the directors have been divided into classes, a
    director may not be removed without cause. Corporations that
    have elected to be governed by the unsolicited takeover statute
    are subject to special rules regarding removal of directors (JDN
    has not made that
    election).
     JDNs articles
    of incorporation provide that a



are removed, no individual director will be
    removed in case the votes of a sufficient number of shares are
    cast against his removal which, if cumulatively voted at an
    election of all the directors, would be sufficient to elect at
    least one director. In case of any such removal, a new director
    may be elected at the same meeting for the unexpired term of
    each director removed.

director of the corporation may be removed only
    for cause (1) by the vote of holders of 75% of the shares
    of the corporation entitled to vote, or (2) by the
    unanimous vote of all of the other members of the board of
    directors.

Provisions Affecting Control Share
    Acquisitions and Business Combinations:

DDR

Chapter 1704
    of the Ohio Revised Code prohibits an interested
    shareholder from engaging in a wide range of business
    combinations (such as mergers and significant asset sales) with
    an issuing public corporation for three years after
    the date on which a shareholder becomes an interested
    shareholder (the share acquisition date), unless the
    directors of the corporation approved the transaction or the
    share purchase by the interested shareholder prior to the share
    acquisition date. If the transaction was not previously
    approved, the interested shareholder may effect a transaction
    after the three-year period only if the transaction is approved
    by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the voting power of the
    corporation and by the affirmative vote of the holders of at
    least a majority of the disinterested shares or if the offer
    meets certain fair price
    criteria.
     Chapter 1704 of
    the Ohio Revised Code restrictions do not apply if an Ohio
    corporation, by action of its shareholders holding at least
    two-thirds of the voting power of the corporation, adopts an
    amendment to its articles of incorporation specifying that
    Chapter 1704 of the Ohio Revised Code will not be
    applicable to the corporation. DDR has not adopted this
    amendment.
     DDRs articles
    of incorporation provide that, except as otherwise provided in
    DDRs articles of incorporation, any action requiring a
    two-thirds vote (or any other proportion) under Ohio law may be
    taken by the vote or consent of the holders of shares entitling
    them to exercise a majority of the voting power of the
    corporation or of such class or classes of shares thereof,
    unless the proportion specified by applicable Ohio law cannot be
    altered by the articles of
    incorporation.
     Under
    Section 1701.831 of the Ohio Revised Code, unless the
    articles of incorporation or code of regulations of an Ohio
    corporation otherwise provide, any control share acquisition of
    an issuing

JDN

Maryland
    law prohibits a business combination between a corporation and
    any interested shareholder for five years following the most
    recent date upon which the shareholder became an interested
    shareholder, unless the transaction is approved in advance by
    the board of directors or otherwise exempted by the statute.
    Generally, an interested shareholder is anyone who owns 10% or
    more of the voting power of the corporation and the affiliates
    of such person. A merger of a corporation with an interested
    shareholder or any other corporation (whether or not such
    corporation is an interested shareholder) which is, or after the
    merger would be, an affiliate of the interested shareholder that
    was an interested shareholder prior to the transaction is
    considered a business combination unless it does not
    alter the contract rights of the stock as expressly set forth in
    the articles of incorporation, or change or convert in whole or
    in part the outstanding shares of stock of the
    corporation.
     The MGCL provides
    that control shares of a Maryland corporation
    acquired in a control share acquisition have no
    voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of
    two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter,
    excluding shares of stock as to which the acquiring person,
    officers of the corporation, and directors of the corporation
    who are employees of the corporation are entitled to exercise or
    direct the exercise of the voting power of the shares in the
    election of directors. Control shares are voting
    shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of
    stock previously acquired by such person, would entitle the
    acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within
    one of the following ranges of voting power: (1) one-tenth
    or more or less than one-third, (2) one-third or more but
    less than a majority, or (3) a majority or more of all
    voting power. Control shares do not include shares that the
    acquiring person is entitled to vote as a result of having



public corporation only can be made with the
    prior approval of the shareholders of the corporation.
    DDRs articles of incorporation expressly provide that the
    provisions of Section 1701.831 of the Ohio Revised Code
    will not apply.

previously obtained shareholder approval. A
    control share acquisition means the acquisition,
    directly or indirectly, of control shares, subject to certain
    exceptions.
     A person who has
    made or proposes to make a control share
    acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions
    (including an undertaking to pay expenses), may compel the board
    of directors to call a special meeting of shareholders to be
    held within 50 days of such demand to consider the voting
    rights of the shares.
     If voting
    rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquirer does
    not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the
    statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations,
    the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares,
    except those for which voting rights have previously been
    approved, for fair value determined, without regard to voting
    rights, as of the date of the last control share acquisition or
    of any meeting of shareholders at which the voting rights of
    such shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights
    for control shares are approved at a shareholders meeting
    and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the
    shares entitled to vote, all other shareholders may exercise
    appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for
    purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the
    highest price per share paid in the control share acquisition,
    and certain limitations and restrictions generally applicable to
    the exercise of appraisal rights do not apply in the context of
    a control share
    acquisition.
     The control
    share acquisition statute does not apply to shares
    acquired in a merger, consolidation, or share exchange if the
    corporation is a party to the transaction or to acquisitions
    approved or excepted by the charter or the bylaws of the
    corporation. The JDN articles of incorporation allow certain
    shareholders to hold up to 8.0% of the outstanding common or
    preferred shares of JDN.

Mergers, Acquisitions, Share Purchases and
    Other Transactions:

DDR

The
    OCGL generally requires approval of mergers, dissolution,
    dispositions of all or substantially all of an Ohio
    corporations assets, and majority share acquisitions and
    combinations involving issuance of shares representing one-sixth
    or more of the voting power of the corporation

JDN

The
    MCGL requires approval of mergers, consolidations, share
    exchanges, and transfers by the shareholders of each corporation
    by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled
    to be cast on the matter, unless a different number, not less
    than a majority, is specified in the articles of



immediately after the consummation of the
    transaction (other than so-called parent- subsidiary
    mergers), by two-thirds of the voting power of the corporation,
    unless the articles of incorporation of the corporation specify
    a different proportion (not less than a majority). DDRs
    articles of incorporation provide that the vote of a majority of
    the voting power of DDR (or majority of each class, if
    applicable) is required to approve these actions.

incorporation. Under certain circumstances, a
    merger may become effective without the approval of the
    surviving corporation. JDNs articles of incorporation do
    not provide for approval of a merger by a vote of less than
    two-thirds of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.

Notice of Shareholders
    Meetings:

DDR

The
    OGCL requires an Ohio corporation to notify shareholders of the
    corporation of the time, place and purposes of shareholder
    meetings at least seven days but no more than 60 days prior
    to the date of the shareholders meeting, unless the articles of
    incorporation or code of regulations of the corporation specify
    a longer period. Upon request of an individual entitled to call
    a special shareholders meeting, the corporation must give
    shareholders notice of the special meeting to be held no less
    than seven nor more than 60 days after the receipt of the
    request. If notice is not given within 15 days of receipt
    of the request (or shorter or longer period as the articles of
    incorporation or code of regulations of the corporation
    specify), the individual calling the meeting may fix the time
    for the meeting and give notice to the other shareholders.
    DDRs code of regulations does not alter these provisions,
    but the code of regulations does allow any shareholder, either
    before or after any meeting, to waive any notice required to be
    given by law or by the code of regulations.

JDN

The
    MCGL requires the secretary of a Maryland corporation to give
    written notice to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at
    the meeting, and each other shareholder entitled by applicable
    law to notice of the meeting. The notice must state the place,
    date and time of the meeting and, if a special meeting, the
    purpose or purposes for which the meeting is to be held, not
    less than ten nor more than 90 days before each shareholder
    meeting. Shareholder meetings may be held at any place, as
    provided in the bylaws. JDNs bylaws do not alter these
    provisions.

Submission of Shareholder Proposals:

DDR

No
    provision for the submission of shareholder proposals is made in
    the OGCL, or in DDRs articles of incorporation or code of
    regulations.

JDN

The
    MCGL provides that the corporations charter or bylaws may
    require any shareholder proposing a nominee for election as a
    director or any other matter for consideration at a meeting of
    the shareholders to provide advance notice of the nomination or
    proposal to the corporation of not more than 90 days before
    the date of the meeting, or, in the case of an annual meeting,
    90 days before the first anniversary of the preceding
    years annual meeting or the mailing date of the notice of
    the preceding years annual meeting. The charter or bylaws
    may specify another
    time.
     JDNs bylaws specify
    that to make a proposal,



a shareholder must give notice in writing to the
    secretary of the corporation. The notice must be received by the
    secretary not more than 120 calendar days nor less than
    90 days before the first anniversary of the date on which
    the corporation first mailed its proxy statement to shareholders
    in connection with the prior years annual meeting of
    shareholders. In the event that the number of directors to be
    elected to the board of directors is increased and there is no
    public announcement by the corporation naming the nominees or
    specifying the size of the increased board of directors at least
    70 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding
    years annual meeting, a shareholders notice will
    also be considered timely (but only with respect to nominees for
    any new positions created by such increase) if it is delivered
    to the secretary of the corporation not later than the close of
    business on the 10th day following the day on which such public
    announcement is first made by the corporation.

Special Meeting of Shareholders:

DDR

The
    OGCL provides that holders of at least 25% of the outstanding
    shares of an Ohio corporation (unless the code of regulations of
    the corporation specifies another percentage, which may in no
    case be greater than 50%), the directors of the corporation by
    action at a meeting or a majority of the directors acting
    without a meeting, the chairman of the board of the corporation,
    and the president of the corporation (or, in case of the
    presidents death or disability, the vice president of the
    corporation authorized to exercise the authority of the
    president) have the authority to call special meetings of
    shareholders. DDRs code of regulations expressly provides
    that special meetings of DDR shareholders may be called by the
    president, the directors by action at a meeting, a majority of
    the directors acting without a meeting, or the holders of shares
    entitling them to exercise at least 25% of the voting power of
    the corporation entitled to be voted at the meeting. Calls for
    the meeting must specify the purpose, and no business other than
    that specified in the call may be considered at any special
    meeting.

JDN

Under
    Maryland law, a special meeting may be called by the president,
    the board of directors, or any person designated in the articles
    of incorporation or bylaws. Special meetings of the shareholders
    may also be called by the secretary of the corporation upon the
    written request of shareholders entitled to cast at least 25% of
    all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. However,
    unless requested by shareholders entitled to cast a majority of
    all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting, the secretary
    is not required to call a special meeting if the matter to be
    considered at the meeting is substantially the same as a matter
    considered at a special meeting during the preceding
    12 months. The articles of incorporation or bylaws may
    increase or decrease the percentage of votes shareholders must
    possess to request a special meeting. Corporations that have
    elected to be governed by the unsolicited takeover statute are
    subject to special rules regarding special meetings of the
    shareholders (JDN has not made that
    election).
     JDNs bylaws
    state that the secretary of the corporation must call a special
    meeting of the shareholders on the written request of
    shareholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all the
    votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. The request for a
    special meeting must state the purpose of the



meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on
    at such meeting.

Shareholder Action Without a
    Meeting:

DDR

The
    OCGL provides that any action that may be taken by shareholders
    of an Ohio corporation at a meeting of shareholders may be taken
    without a meeting with the unanimous written consent of all
    shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting. DDRs code of
    regulations does not alter this provision.

JDN

Under
    Maryland law, common shareholders may act without a meeting if a
    written consent which describes the action is signed by all the
    shareholders entitled to vote on the matter and is filed with
    the records of the shareholders meeting. Unless the articles of
    incorporation provide otherwise, the holders of any other class
    of stock that is entitled to vote in the election of directors
    may act by the written consent of the holders of the shares
    necessary to approve the action if the corporation gives notice
    of the action to all shareholders within 10 days after the
    effective date of the
    action.
     JDNs bylaws
    provide that an action may be taken without a meeting if the
    following are filed with the records of meetings of
    shareholders: a unanimous written consent which sets forth the
    action and is signed by each shareholder entitled to vote on the
    matter and a written waiver of any right to dissent signed by
    each shareholder entitled to notice of the meeting but not
    entitled to vote at such meeting. The affirmative vote of the
    number of shares which would be necessary to authorize or take
    action at a meeting of shareholders (a majority of votes cast at
    a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present (unless a
    greater number is required by MGCL, the articles of
    incorporation, or the bylaws)), is the act of the shareholders
    without a meeting.

Cumulative
    Voting:

Cumulative
    voting entitles each shareholder to cast an aggregate number of
    votes equal to the number of voting shares held, multiplied by
    the number of directors to be elected. Each shareholder or
    shareholder, as the case may be, may cast all of his, her or its
    votes for one nominee or distribute them among two or more
    nominees. The candidates (up to the number of directors to be
    elected) receiving the highest number of votes are elected.

DDR

The
    OGCL provides that each shareholder of an Ohio corporation has
    the right to vote cumulatively in the election of directors if
    certain notice requirements are satisfied, unless the articles
    of incorporation of a corporation are amended to eliminate
    cumulative voting for directors following their initial filing
    with the Ohio Secretary of State. DDRs articles of
    incorporation have not been

JDN

The
    MGCL provides that the articles of incorporation may include a
    provision for cumulative voting in the election of directors and
    the terms on which cumulative voting rights may be exercised.
    JDNs articles of incorporation do not provide for
    cumulative voting rights.



amended to eliminate the rights of shareholders
    to vote cumulatively in the election of directors.

Voting Rights:

DDR

Under
    the OGCL, except to the extent that the express terms of the
    shares of any class as an Ohio corporation provide otherwise,
    each outstanding share, regardless of class, entitles the
    shareholder to one vote on each matter properly submitted to
    shareholders of the corporation for their vote. DDRs
    articles of incorporation expressly provide that each DDR common
    share entitles its holder to one vote. For a description of the
    voting rights of holders of outstanding nonvoting preferred
    shares and of holders of the proposed class of Voting Preferred
    Shares, see Description of DDR Preferred
    Shares  Voting Rights.

JDN

Under
    the MCGL, unless the articles of incorporation provide
    otherwise, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class,
    is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a
    meeting of shareholders. However, a share is not entitled to be
    voted if any installment payment on it is overdue and unpaid.
    JDNs articles of incorporation do not change this
    provision. JDNs articles of incorporation also provide
    that when dividends are in arrears on the preferred stock, the
    holders of certain shares of preferred stock, voting as a single
    class regardless of series, shall be entitled to elect two
    additional directors to serve on the board of directors. In
    addition, certain preferred holders are also entitled to a vote
    whenever there is an event that could have a material adverse
    effect on the voting powers, rights, or preferences on the
    preferred stock.

DDR and JDN Shareholder Class Voting
    Rights:

DDR

The
    OGCL provides that holders of a particular class of shares of an
    Ohio corporation are entitled to vote as a separate class if the
    rights of that class are affected in certain respects by
    mergers, consolidations, or amendments to the articles of
    incorporation. DDRs articles of incorporation do not
    change this provision. For a description of the voting rights of
    holders of nonvoting preferred shares and of holders of the
    proposed class of Voting Preferred Shares, see Description
    of DDR Preferred Shares  Voting Rights.

JDN

The
    MGCL provides that, unless the articles of incorporation or
    other provisions of the MGCL provide otherwise, if two or more
    classes of stock are entitled to vote separately on any matter
    that requires approval by two-thirds of all votes entitled to be
    cast, the matter must be approved by two- thirds of all the
    votes of each class. JDNs articles of incorporation do not
    alter this provision for common stock. However, the articles of
    incorporation provide that the different series of preferred
    shareholders, in certain situations where they are entitled to
    vote, are to vote as a single class.

Rights of Preferred and Special
    Shareholders:

DDR

Depending
    upon the terms of DDR preferred shares issued, a new issuance
    may dilute the voting rights of holders of DDR common shares and
    any holders of DDR preferred shares with preferences and rights
    superior to the rights of holders of DDR common shares and any
    previously issued DDR preferred shares. The authorized DDR
    preferred shares also may have possible antitakeover effects,
    because DDR could use the DDR preferred shares

JDN

Of
    the 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized in
    JDNs articles of incorporation, JDNs board of
    directors has classified and designated 2,300,000 shares into a
    series designated as Series A Preferred Stock, $.01 par
    value per share. As of June 30, 2002, there were 2,000,000
    shares of 9 3/8% Series A Preferred Stock outstanding.



in the adoption of a shareholder rights plan or
    other defensive measure. The proposed Voting Preferred Shares
    will have the same terms and rights as the JDN Series A
    Preferred Stock, including with respect to distribution and
    rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, except that
    each Voting Preferred Share shall be entitled to cast one vote
    on all matters that holders of DDR common shares shall be
    entitled to vote on, but will otherwise be treated equally with
    all DDR nonvoting preferred shares.

Dividends:

DDR

The
    OGCL provides that dividends may be paid in cash, property or
    shares of an Ohio corporations capital
    stock.
     The OGCL provides that
    an Ohio corporation may pay dividends out of surplus in certain
    circumstances and must notify the shareholders of the
    corporation if a dividend is paid out of capital surplus.

JDN

A
    Maryland corporation generally may make distributions to its
    shareholders unless, after giving effect to the distribution,
    the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they come
    due in the ordinary course of business or the corporations
    total assets would be less than its total liabilities, plus,
    unless the charter permits otherwise, which the JDN articles of
    incorporation do not, the amount that would be needed, if the
    corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the
    distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights of shareholders
    whose preferential rights on dissolution are superior to those
    receiving the distribution.

Rights of Dissenting Shareholders:

DDR

Under
    the OGCL, dissenting shareholders are entitled to appraisal
    rights in connection with the lease, sale, exchange, transfer or
    other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of
    an Ohio corporation and in connection with certain amendments to
    the corporations articles of incorporation. Shareholders
    of an Ohio corporation being merged into or consolidated with
    another corporation also are entitled to appraisal rights. In
    addition, shareholders of an acquiring corporation are entitled
    to appraisal rights in any merger, combination or majority share
    acquisition in which those shareholders are entitled to voting
    rights. The OGCL provides shareholders of an acquiring
    corporation with voting rights if the acquisition (a majority
    share acquisition) involves the transfer of shares of the
    acquiring corporation entitling the recipients of those shares
    to exercise one-sixth or more of the voting power of the
    acquiring corporation immediately after the consummation of the
    transaction.

JDN

Under
    Maryland law, shareholders have the right to demand and to
    receive payment of the fair value of their stock in the event of
    (1) a merger or consolidation, (2) a share exchange,
    (3) a transfer of assets in a manner requiring shareholder
    approval, (4) an amendment to the articles of incorporation
    altering contract rights of outstanding stock, as expressly set
    forth in the articles of incorporation, and substantially
    adversely affecting the shareholders rights (unless the
    right to do so is reserved in the articles of incorporation), or
    (5) certain business combinations with interested
    shareholders which are subject to or exempted from the Maryland
    business combination statute (as discussed above) and in
    connection with the approval of voting rights of certain
    shareholders under the Maryland control share acquisition
    statute. Except with respect to certain business combinations
    and in connection with appraisal and dissenters rights
    existing as a result of the Maryland control share statute, the
    right to demand and receive payment of fair value does not apply
    to



The OGCL provides
    that a shareholder of an Ohio corporation must deliver a written
    demand to the corporation not later than ten days after the
    taking of the vote on the matter giving rise to appraisal rights.

(a) stock listed on a national securities
    exchange or a national market system security designated on an
    interdealer quotation system by the National Association of
    Securities Dealers, Inc., or designated for trading on the
    NASDAQ Small Cap Market, (b) stock of the successor in a
    merger (unless the merger alters the contract rights of the
    stock or converts the stock in whole or in part into something
    other than stock, cash or other interests), (c) stock that
    is not entitled to be voted on the transaction or the
    shareholder did not own the shares of stock on the record date
    for determining shareholders entitled to vote on the
    transaction, (d) the charter provides that the holders of
    the stock are not entitled to exercise the rights of an
    objecting shareholder, or (e) stock of an open-end
    investment company registered with the SEC under the Investment
    Company Act of 1940 and the stock is valued in the transaction
    at its net asset value. Except in the case of appraisal and
    dissenters rights existing as a result of the Maryland
    control share acquisition statute, these rights are available
    only when the shareholder files with the corporation a timely,
    written objection to the transaction, and does not vote in favor
    of the transaction. In addition, the shareholder must make a
    demand on the successor corporation for payment of the stock
    within 20 days of the acceptance of articles by the
    Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation.

Shareholder Preemptive Rights:

DDR

The
    OGCL provides that the shareholders of an Ohio corporation do
    not have a preemptive right to acquire the corporations
    unissued shares, except to the extent the articles of
    incorporation of the corporation permit. DDRs articles of
    incorporation expressly eliminate any preemptive rights, unless
    the board of directors from time to time so allows.

JDN

The
    MGCL provides that, unless the articles of incorporation
    expressly grant such rights to the shareholder, a shareholder
    does not have any preemptive right to subscribe to any
    additional issue of stock or any security convertible into an
    additional issue of stock. JDNs articles of incorporation
    do not give the shareholders any preemptive or preferential
    rights.

Inspection of Shareholder Lists:

DDR

Under
    the OCGL, shareholders of an Ohio corporation have the right,
    upon written demand stating the purpose, to examine, at any
    reasonable time and for any reasonable and proper purpose, the
    articles of incorporation of the corporation, the
    corporations books and records of account, the
    corporations minutes, the corporations records of
    shareholders, and the corporations voting trust

JDN

Under
    the MGCL, shareholders of a Maryland corporation may inspect and
    copy during usual business hours the bylaws, minutes of the
    proceedings of the shareholders, annual statements of affairs,
    and voting trust agreements on file at the corporations
    principal office. If a shareholder makes a written request, the
    shareholder may obtain a statement showing all stock and
    securities issued by



agreements, if any, on file with the corporation,
    and to make copies of these items. DDRs code of
    regulations authorizes the DDR board of directors to make
    reasonable rules and regulations prescribing under what
    conditions the books, records, accounts, and documents of DDR
    will be open to inspection by DDR
    shareholders.
     The OGCL requires
    that, upon the request of a shareholder of an Ohio corporation
    at any meeting of shareholders, the corporation must produce at
    the meeting an alphabetically arranged list, or classified
    lists, of the shareholders of record as of the applicable record
    date that are entitled to vote.

the corporation within the previous
    12 months. In addition, a person who owns at least five
    percent of the outstanding stock of any class of the corporation
    may inspect and copy the corporations books of account and
    stock ledger during usual business hours, and may make a written
    request for a statement of the corporations
    affairs.
     JDNs bylaws
    provide that the officer or agent of the corporation who has
    charge of the stock ledger shall prepare, at least 10 days
    before each meeting of the shareholders, a complete list of the
    shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting. The list must be
    open to the examination of any shareholder for any purpose
    germane to the meeting for a period of at least 10 days
    prior to the meeting and at the meeting itself.

Liability of Directors and Officers:

DDR

The
    OGCL provides no provision limiting the liability of officers,
    employees or agents of an Ohio corporation. DDRs articles
    of incorporation also do not contain that type of provision.
    However, under the OGCL, a director of an Ohio corporation is
    not liable for monetary damages unless it is proved by clear and
    convincing evidence that the directors action or failure
    to act was undertaken with deliberate intent to cause injury to
    the corporation or with reckless disregard for the best
    interests of the corporation.

JDN

Under
    the MGCL, the articles of incorporation of a Maryland
    corporation may include any provision expanding or limiting the
    liability of its directors and officers to the corporation or
    its shareholders for money damages, but may not include any
    provision that restricts or limits the liability of its
    directors, officers, or shareholders to the extent that the
    person actually received an improper benefit (in money,
    property, or services), and to the extent that a judgment or
    other final adjudication is entered against the person based
    upon the persons action, or failure to act, that was the
    result of active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to
    the cause of action adjudicated in the
    proceeding.
     JDNs articles
    of incorporation state that a director or officer of the
    corporation will not be personally liable to the corporation or
    its shareholders for money damages, subject to the above
    provisions relating to receipt of an improper benefit or an
    adverse final adjudication against the director or officer.

Duties of Directors:

DDR

The
    OGCL requires a director of an Ohio corporation to perform his
    or her duties as a
    director:
      in good
    faith;
      with the
    care an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would
    exercise under similar

JDN

The
    MGCL requires a director of a Maryland corporation to perform
    his or her duties as a director (including his or her duties as
    a member of a committee of the board on which he or she
    serves):
      in good
    faith;



circumstances;
    and
      in a manner the
    director reasonably believes to be in or not opposed to the best
    interests of the
    corporation.
     The OGCL provides
    that a director will not be found to have violated his or her
    duties as a director, unless it is proved by clear and
    convincing evidence that the director has not acted in good
    faith, in a manner the director reasonably believes to be in or
    not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or with
    the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position
    would use under similar circumstances. This standard applies in
    any action brought against a director, including actions
    involving or affecting a change or potential change in control,
    a termination or potential termination of the directors
    service as a director, or the directors service in any
    other position or relationship with the corporation.

 in a
    manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the best interests
    of the corporation;
    and
      with the care
    that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use
    under similar
    circumstances.
     The MGCL
    provides that a person who performs their duties in accordance
    with the above standard has no liability by reason of being or
    having been a director of a corporation. An act of a director is
    presumed to satisfy the standard. Director actions relating to
    or affecting an acquisition or a potential acquisition of
    control of a corporation are not subject to a higher duty or
    greater scrutiny.

Indemnification of Directors and
    Officers:

DDR

The
    OGCL provides that an Ohio corporation may indemnify directors,
    officers, employees and agents of a corporation within
    prescribed limits, and must indemnify them under certain
    circumstances. The OGCL does not authorize payment by a
    corporation of judgments against a director, officer, employee
    or agent of a corporation after a finding of negligence or
    misconduct in a derivative suit absent a court order.
    Indemnification is required, however, to the extent the
    individual succeeds on the merits. In all other cases, if it is
    determined that a director, officer, employee or agent of the
    corporation acted in good faith and in a manner the individual
    reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
    interests of the corporation, or, with respect to a criminal
    proceeding, he or she had no reasonable cause to believe that
    his or her conduct was unlawful, indemnification is
    discretionary, except as otherwise provided by a
    corporations articles of incorporation, or code of
    regulations, or by contract,

JDN

In
    Maryland, expenses may be advanced to a director, or to an
    officer, employee, or agent who is not a director to the same
    extent that they may be advanced to a director unless limited by
    the articles of incorporation. Advances to officers, employees,
    and agents may be generally authorized in the corporations
    charter or bylaws, by action of the board of directors, or by
    contract. The director, officer, employee, or agent must give to
  