URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/95676/000095013302003536/0000950133-02-003536.txt

		FILM NUMBER:		02800517

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10240 OLD COLUMBIA RD
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21046
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4103096830

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10240 OLD COLUMBIA ROAD
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			21046-

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SURVIVAL TECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

PREM14A

w64867prem14a.htm

MERIDIAN MEDICAL NOTICE & PROXY STATEMENT

prem14a

SCHEDULE 14A

(Rule 14a-101)

INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY
STATEMENT

SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a)
of the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by the
Registrant 


Filed by a Party other than the
Registrant 
o

Check the appropriate box:


  Preliminary
    proxy statement

o
  Confidential,
    for use of the Commission Only (as permitted by
    Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

o
  Definitive
    Proxy Statement

o
  Definitive
    Additional Materials

o
  Soliciting
    Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12

MERIDIAN MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

(Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

N/ A

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if
Other Than Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

o

No fee required.



Fee computed below per Exchange Act
    Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

          (1)

Title of each class of securities to which
    transaction applies:

Common Stock of the Registrant, par value $0.10

          (2)

Aggregate number of securities to which
    transaction applies:

5,891,459

          (3)

Per unit price or other underlying value of
    transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11.
    (Set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and
    state how it was determined):

$44.50

          (4)

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

$262,169,926

          (5)

Total fee paid: $24,120

o

Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

o

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as
    provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the
    filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously.
    Identify the previous filing by registration statement number,
    or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

          (1)

Amount Previously Paid:

          (2)

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

          (3)

Filing Party:

          (4)

Date Filed:

November      , 2002

To Our Stockholders:

You are cordially invited to attend a special
meeting of Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc. stockholders to
be held at [TIME] on
December      , 2002, at [ADDRESS].

At the special meeting you will be asked to
consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the Agreement and
Plan of Merger, dated as of October 19, 2002, among
Meridian, King Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its wholly owned
subsidiary, Merlin 2002 Acquisition Corp. If the merger
contemplated by the merger agreement is completed, Meridian will
become a subsidiary of King, and each of your shares of Meridian
common stock will be converted into the right to receive $44.50
in cash. The merger consideration represents a premium of 17%
over the closing price of Meridians stock on
October 18, 2002 of $38.15 per share, a premium of 26% over
the average closing price of our stock for the 20 trading days
prior to the signing of the merger agreement of $35.21 per
share, and a premium of 51% over the one-year average closing
price of our stock prior to the signing of the merger agreement
of $29.49 per share. If the merger occurs, you will no longer be
a stockholder of Meridian. Neither will you be a shareholder of
King. Your shares of Meridian will be converted into the right
to receive $44.50 per share of your Meridian stock.

Based on the number of shares of common stock and
the number of options to purchase common stock outstanding as of
November      , 2002, the
aggregate cash consideration to be paid by King in the merger is
approximately $247.8 million.

The receipt of cash in exchange for your shares
of common stock in the merger will constitute a taxable
transaction for United States federal income tax purposes.
Please read this proxy statement carefully regarding the United
States federal income tax consequences of the merger.

This proxy statement gives you detailed
information about the special meeting, the merger agreement and
the merger and includes the merger agreement as Appendix A.
We encourage you to read the proxy statement and the merger
agreement carefully. In particular, please note that, if the
merger agreement is terminated under specified circumstances,
Meridian may be required to pay King a termination fee of
$7.4 million.

Our board of directors carefully considered and
evaluated the merger. In connection with its evaluation of the
merger, the board engaged Gerard Klauer Mattison & Co.
to act as its financial advisor. Gerard Klauer
Mattison & Co. has rendered its opinion stating that,
as of the date of the opinion and based upon and subject to the
assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth in the
opinion, the merger consideration of $44.50 in cash per share of
common stock is fair from a financial point of view to our
stockholders. The written opinion of Gerard Klauer
Mattison & Co. is attached as Appendix B to this
proxy statement, and you should read it carefully.

Your board of directors unanimously has
determined that the merger is in the best interests of Meridian
and its stockholders. 
Accordingly, your board unanimously has
approved the merger agreement and the merger, declared them
advisable, and recommends that you vote FOR the approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and the merger at the special
meeting.

The accompanying notice of special meeting and
proxy statement explain the proposed merger and provide specific
information concerning the special meeting. We encourage you to
read these materials carefully.

We cannot complete the merger unless holders of a
majority of all of the outstanding shares of Meridian common
stock vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the
merger.

Whether or not you plan to be present at the
special meeting, please sign and return your proxy as soon as
possible in the enclosed prepaid self-addressed envelope so that
your vote will be recorded. You can also vote your shares of
Meridian common stock through the Internet or by telephone by
following the instructions on

the enclosed proxy card. Please do not send your
stock certificates at this time. You will receive a transmittal
letter explaining where to send your stock certificates at a
later date if the merger is approved.

Sincerely,

JAMES H. MILLER

Chairman, President and

Chief Executive Officer

This proxy statement is dated
November      , 2002, and is first
being mailed to stockholders on
November      , 2002.

IMPORTANT

A proxy statement and proxy card are enclosed.
All stockholders are urged to follow the instructions attached
to the proxy card and vote via Internet or telephone, or
complete, sign, date and mail the proxy card promptly. The
enclosed envelope for return of the proxy card requires no
postage. Any stockholder attending the meeting may personally
vote on all matters that are considered, in which event the
signed proxy will be revoked.

IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOUR STOCK BE
VOTED.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To Be Held on
December       , 2002

Date:      December      ,

Time:      [TIME]

Place:     [ADDRESS]

To the stockholders of Meridian Medical
Technologies, Inc.:

We are pleased to notify you of and invite you to
a special meeting of stockholders. At the meeting, you will be
asked:

 

To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve
    and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
    October 19, 2002, among Meridian, King Pharmaceuticals,
    Inc., a Tennessee corporation, and Merlin 2002 Acquisition
    Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned
    subsidiary of King, pursuant to which Merlin will be merged with
    and into Meridian, and each share of Meridian common stock, par
    value $0.10, outstanding immediately prior to the merger (other
    than shares held by Meridian, King or their respective
    subsidiaries, which will be cancelled) will be converted into
    the right to receive $44.50 in cash; and

 

To consider any other matters that are properly
    brought before the special meeting or any adjournments or
    postponements of the special meeting.

Only the stockholders of record at the close of
business on [DATE] may vote at the special meeting.

We urge you to read the accompanying proxy
statement carefully as it sets forth details of the proposed
merger and other important information related to the merger.

Under Delaware law, holders of our common stock
who do not vote in favor of the merger agreement will have the
right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares as
determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery if the merger is
completed, but only if they submit a written demand for such an
appraisal prior to the vote on the merger agreement and they
comply with the other Delaware law procedures explained in the
accompanying proxy statement. A copy of Section 262 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law is attached as Appendix C
to the proxy statement.

Your vote is very important. Whether or not you
plan to attend the special meeting, please complete, sign and
date the accompanying proxy card and return it in the enclosed
prepaid self-addressed envelope. You may also vote by telephone
or Internet by following the instructions on the enclosed proxy
card. If you attend the special meeting, you may revoke your
proxy and vote in person if you wish to do so.

By Order of the Board of Directors,

JODY MICHAEL

Assistant Corporate Secretary

Dated:     November      ,

Columbia, Maryland

IMPORTANT: TO ENSURE THAT YOUR SHARES ARE
REPRESENTED AT THE MEETING, PLEASE VOTE IN ONE OF THESE
WAYS:



USE THE TOLL-FREE NUMBER shown on your proxy card;



VISIT THE WEB SITE noted on your proxy card to
    vote via the Internet;



MARK, SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY RETURN the enclosed
    proxy card in the prepaid self-addressed envelope; OR



VOTE IN PERSON by appearing at the special
    meeting and submitting a ballot at the meeting.

MERIDIAN MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

10240 Old Columbia Road

Columbia, Maryland 21046

PROXY STATEMENT

Special Meeting of Stockholders To Be Held On
December      , 2002

SUMMARY TERM SHEET FOR THE MERGER

This summary term sheet highlights selected
information from this proxy statement regarding the merger and
the merger agreement and may not contain all of the information
that is important to you as a Meridian stockholder. Accordingly,
we encourage you to carefully read this entire document and the
documents to which we have referred you.

The Proposed Transaction

The Proposal (Page
[     ]). 
You
are being asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve
and adopt the agreement and plan of merger, or the merger
agreement, that provides for Meridian to be acquired by
King. In the merger, Merlin 2002 Acquisition Corp., a direct,
wholly owned subsidiary of King, will merge with and into
Meridian with Meridian continuing as the surviving corporation.
As a result of the merger, we will cease to be an independent
publicly traded company and will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of King.

What You Will Receive (Page
[     ]).

Upon completion of the merger, you
will be entitled to receive $44.50 in cash, without interest,
for each of your shares of Meridian common stock, unless you
properly dissent from the merger. For more information, see
The Merger Agreement  Merger
Consideration. The merger consideration represents a
premium of 17% over the closing price of Meridians stock
on October 18, 2002 of $38.15 per share. If the merger
occurs, you will no longer be a stockholder of Meridian.

The Parties

Meridian (Page
[     ]).

Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc., a
specialty pharmaceuticals company, is a world leader in sales of
auto-injector drug delivery systems. The company develops health
care products designed to save lives, reduce health care costs
and improve quality of life. For its fiscal year ended
July 31, 2002, Meridian reported sales and net income of
approximately $82.4 million and $9.3 million,
respectively.

King (Page [     ]).

King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
headquartered in Bristol, Tennessee, is a vertically integrated
pharmaceutical company that manufactures, markets, and sells
primarily branded prescription pharmaceutical products. King
seeks to capitalize on niche opportunities in the pharmaceutical
industry created by cost containment initiatives and
consolidation among large global pharmaceutical companies.
Kings strategy is to acquire branded pharmaceutical
products and to increase their sales by focused promotion and
marketing and through product life cycle management.

Merlin (Page
[     ]).

Merlin 2002 Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation and direct wholly owned subsidiary of King,
was incorporated by King solely for the purpose of merging into
Meridian. If the merger is completed, Merlin will merge into
Meridian and Meridian will be a direct, wholly owned subsidiary
of King.

Mailing of Proxy Statement

This Proxy Statement is being first sent to you
on November      , 2002.

Meridians Recommendation to Stockholders
(Page [     ])

After careful consideration, the Meridian board
of directors unanimously:

 

determined that the merger agreement and the
    merger are fair to, and in the best interests of, the Meridian
    stockholders; and

 

declared the merger agreement to be advisable.

Our board of directors, by unanimous vote,
approved the merger and the merger agreement and recommends that
you vote FOR the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement at the special meeting.

In the course of determining that the merger and
the merger agreement are in the best interests of the Meridian
stockholders, the board of directors consulted with management,
as well as its financial and legal advisors, and considered a
number of factors in making its determination. To review our
reasons for the merger in greater detail, please see pages
[     ] through
[     ].

Opinion of Gerard Klauer Mattison & Co.,
Inc. (Page [     ] and
Appendix B)

In connection with the merger, our board of
directors considered the opinion of Meridians financial
advisor, Gerard Klauer Mattison & Co., Inc. Gerard
Klauer Mattison delivered its written opinion to the board on
October 19, 2002. The opinion stated that, as of
October 19, 2002, the $44.50 per share in cash to be
received by the holders of our common stock in the merger is
fair from a financial point of view to those holders. The full
text of this opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken by
Gerard Klauer Mattison in connection with its opinion, is
attached as Appendix B to this proxy statement.

Gerard Klauer Mattison provided its advisory
services and its opinion for the information and assistance of
the Meridian board in connection with the boards
consideration of the merger. Gerard Klauer Mattisons
opinion is not a recommendation as to how any Meridian
stockholder should vote at the special meeting. 
The opinion
is attached as Appendix B to this proxy statement, and you
are urged to read the opinion in its entirety.

Gerard Klauer Mattison will be paid a fee of
approximately $1.3 million upon completion of the merger,
of which $375,000 was paid upon delivery of its opinion to the
board of directors. Meridian has also agreed to reimburse Gerard
Klauer Mattison for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and
provide customary indemnification to Gerard Klauer Mattison in
connection with its engagement.

The Special Meeting

Date, Time and Place (Page
[     ]). 
The
special meeting will be held at [TIME.] on
December      , 2002, at
[ADDRESS]. At the special meeting, you will be asked to vote on
the adoption of the merger agreement. A copy of the merger
agreement is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement.

Required Vote (Page
[     ]).

Approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the merger requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Meridian
common stock.

Who May Vote (Page
[     ]). 
You
are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the special
meeting if you owned shares of Meridian common stock at the
close of business on [RECORD DATE], the record date for the
special meeting. On the record date, there were [###########]
shares of Meridian common stock outstanding and entitled to be
voted at the special meeting.

ii

Procedure for Voting (Page
[     ]). 
You
may vote in any of four ways:

1. 

by completing and returning the enclosed proxy
    card by mail;

2. 

by voting through the Internet, as outlined on
    the enclosed proxy card;

3. 

by voting by telephone, as outlined on the
    enclosed proxy card; or

4. 

by appearing and voting in person by ballot at
    the special meeting.

You may revoke your proxy at any time before it
is voted at the special meeting by:

1. 

filing with the Assistant Secretary of Meridian a
    written, later-dated notice of revocation;

2. 

submitting a later-dated proxy relating to the
    same shares to the Assistant Secretary of Meridian by mail,
    telephone or Internet; or

3. 

attending the special meeting and voting in
    person by ballot.

The Merger

The Structure (Page
[     ]).

Upon the terms and conditions of the
merger agreement, Merlin 2002 Acquisition Corp., a direct,
wholly owned subsidiary of King, will merge with and into
Meridian, with Meridian surviving as a direct wholly owned
subsidiary of King. You will have no equity interest in Meridian
or King after the merger. Each of your shares of Meridian common
stock will be cancelled and converted automatically into the
right to receive $44.50 in cash.

Material United States Federal Income Tax
Consequences (Page [     ]).

The merger will be a taxable
transaction to you for United States federal income tax
purposes, and you will generally recognize gain or loss in the
merger in an amount determined by the difference between the
amount of cash you receive and your tax basis in the shares of
Meridian common stock. Because determining the tax consequences
of the merger can be complicated, you should consult your own
tax advisor in order to understand fully how the merger will
affect you.

Accounting Treatment (Page
[     ]).

King will account for the merger under
the purchase method of accounting. For a discussion of the
accounting treatment for the merger see Accounting
Treatment.

Regulatory Matters (Page
[     ]).

Under United States federal antitrust
law, the merger may not be completed until we and King have made
filings with the United States Federal Trade Commission and the
United States Department of Justice, and the applicable waiting
periods have expired or been terminated. We and King filed the
requisite notification reports with the Federal Trade Commission
and the Department of Justice on
October      , 2002. The
applicable waiting period will expire at 11:59 p.m. on
November      , 2002, unless such
period is terminated earlier or extended.

We expect to receive all necessary regulatory
approvals, and close the transaction, in the fourth quarter of
2002 or early in the first quarter of 2003. However, we cannot
offer assurances that the merger will receive the necessary
regulatory approvals or as to the timing for the grant or denial
of these approvals.

Appraisal Rights (Page
[     ] and Appendix C).

Stockholders who do not wish to accept
the $44.50 per share cash consideration payable pursuant to the
merger may seek, under Delaware law, judicial appraisal of the
fair value of their shares by the Delaware Court of Chancery.
This value could be more or less than or the same as the merger
consideration of $44.50 in cash per share. This right of
appraisal is subject to a number of restrictions and
technical requirements. Generally, in order to exercise
appraisal rights, among other things:

 

you must not vote in favor of, or consent in
    writing to, the merger;

 

you must make a written demand for appraisal in
    compliance with Delaware law BEFORE the vote on the merger
    agreement; and

iii

 

you must hold your shares of record continuously
    from the time of making a written demand for appraisal until the
    effective time of the merger.

Merely voting against the merger agreement will
not preserve your right of appraisal under Delaware law. Also,
because a submitted proxy not marked against or
abstain will be voted for the adoption of the merger
agreement, the submission of a proxy not marked
against or abstain will result in the
waiver of appraisal rights. If you hold shares in the name of a
broker or other nominee, you must instruct your nominee to take
the steps necessary to enable you to assert appraisal rights. If
you or your nominee fail to follow all of the steps required by
the statute, you will lose your right of appraisal.

Appendix C to this proxy statement contains
the Delaware statute relating to your right of appraisal.

Merger Financing (Page
[     ]). 
The
merger is not conditioned upon Kings obtaining financing.
King expects to fund the transaction with current cash balances.

The Merger Agreement (Page
[     ] and Appendix A)

Closing of the Merger (Page
[     ]).

Before we can complete the merger, a
number of conditions must be satisfied or waived by the
applicable party. Some of these include:

 

approval and adoption of the merger agreement and
    the merger by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
    Meridian common stock;

 

the expiration or early termination of applicable
    waiting periods under United States federal antitrust laws;

 

absence of any pending suit, action or proceeding
    having a reasonable likelihood of success, challenging the
    merger or seeking to prohibit or materially limit the ownership,
    operation or control of Meridian by King and any legal
    prohibition or restraint having a similar effect;

 

Meridian having obtained all material consents
    from third parties related to the consummation of the merger;

 

absence of any legal prohibitions or restraints
    against the merger;

 

each partys material compliance with its
    obligations under the merger agreement; and

 

accuracy, as qualified by materiality, of each
    partys representations and warranties under the merger
    agreement.

We expect to complete the merger as promptly as
practicable after all of the conditions to the merger have been
satisfied or waived.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (Page
[     ]). 
The
merger agreement may be terminated and the merger may be
abandoned at any time prior to the effective time of the merger
(notwithstanding any approval of the merger agreement by the
Meridian stockholders) by:

 

the mutual written consent of Meridian, King and
    Merlin;

 

either party, if the merger shall not have taken
    place on or before February 15, 2003, unless the failure to
    close the transaction by such date is due to the failure of the
    party seeking to terminate the agreement to perform or observe
    its covenants and agreements in the merger agreement;

 

either party, if any governmental entity issues
    an order, decree or ruling, restraining, or otherwise preventing
    or prohibiting the merger and such order, decree or ruling
    becomes final and non-appealable or remains in effect for more
    than 60 days;

 

either party, if the merger agreement fails to be
    adopted and approved at the special meeting by the requisite
    stockholder vote;

 

either party, if there has been a breach (which
    has not been cured within the time period allowed) by the other
    party of any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement
    contained in the merger

iv

agreement, or if any representation or warranty
    shall become untrue, where such breach would constitute a valid
    condition allowing the terminating party to refuse to close;

 

King, if Meridians board of directors has
    withdrawn its approval or recommendation to our stockholders of
    the merger or the merger agreement or fails to reaffirm such
    recommendation if required to do so under the terms of the
    merger agreement or if Meridians board of directors
    approves or recommends a competing takeover proposal or resolves
    to enter into, or we enter into, an agreement for a competing
    takeover proposal;

 

King, if any governmental entity issues an order,
    decree or ruling that would prohibit or materially limit the
    ownership, operation or control of Meridian by King and such
    order, decree or ruling becomes final and nonappealable or is in
    effect for more than 60 days; and

 

Meridian, in order to consummate an agreement for
    a competing takeover proposal which our board of directors
    reasonably determines in good faith (after consultation with
    outside counsel and its financial advisors) to be superior to
    the merger and such termination is necessary for our board of
    directors to comply with their fiduciary duties under applicable
    law if, after receiving notice of the terms of such agreement,
    King fails to match the terms of such agreement.

Termination Fee if Merger Is Not Completed
(Page [     ]).

Whether or not the merger is consummated, the
expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and
the merger will be paid by the party incurring those expenses.
However, in the event of the termination of the merger
agreement, Meridian will be required to pay additional fees to
King under the circumstances outlined below:

 

Meridian will pay King a termination fee of
    $7.4 million if King terminates the merger agreement for
    one of the reasons listed below:

 

Meridians board of directors withdraws,
    modifies or changes its recommendation of the merger or approves
    or recommends a competing takeover proposal or resolves to do so;

 

Meridians board of directors does not
    reaffirm its recommendation for the merger agreement within five
    days of a request made by King;

 

Meridians board of directors resolves to
    enter into, or Meridian enters into, an agreement for a
    competing takeover proposal.

 

Meridian will pay King a termination fee of
    $7.4 million if Meridian terminates the merger agreement
    after (a) Meridian gives King notice of Meridian resolving
    to enter into an agreement for a competing takeover proposal
    which our board of directors reasonably determines in good faith
    (after consultation with outside counsel and its financial
    advisors) to be superior to the merger and that termination of
    the merger agreement is necessary for our board of directors to
    comply with their fiduciary duties under applicable law, and
    (b) King fails to match the terms of such agreement.

 

If King or Meridian terminates the merger
    agreement because Meridian stockholders do not approve the
    merger agreement and (a) prior to the failure of approval
    of the stockholders, a competing takeover proposal relating to
    Meridian has been made to Meridian or its stockholders or is
    otherwise publicly announced, and (b) Meridian either
    consummates any transaction constituting a takeover proposal
    within 12 months of the date of termination or enters into
    an agreement with respect to any takeover proposal within such
    12 month period, then Meridian will pay King a termination fee
    of $7.4 million.

v

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger
(Page [     ])

When our board considered the merger and the
merger agreement, the board was aware that some of our officers
and directors have interests and arrangements that may be
different from, or in addition to, your interests as Meridian
stockholders. These interests and arrangements include:

 

Under the terms of the merger agreement, each
    outstanding option, whether vested or unvested, under the
    Survival Technology, Inc. 1986 Stock Option Plan, the Brunswick
    Biomedical Corporation 1993 Stock Option Plan, the Meridian
    Medical Technologies, Inc. 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan and the
    Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan
    immediately before the effective time of the merger, will, at
    the effective time of the merger, be cancelled, and each option
    holder will be entitled to receive an amount in cash equal to
    the product of (a) the number of shares of common stock
    subject to the option, and (b) the excess of $44.50 over
    the exercise price of the option. Options under these plans are
    held by, among others, our senior executives and members of the
    board.

 

In accordance with his amended employment
    agreement, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,
    James H. Miller, will receive from Meridian at the effective
    time of the merger the payments and benefits he would have been
    entitled to receive under his employment agreement if he had
    terminated his employment for good reason (as
    defined in his employment agreement) at the effective time of
    the merger, including a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal
    to approximately $1,635,925 (assuming the merger is completed on
    December 31, 2002) and three years of continued health and
    welfare benefit coverage, provided that such health and welfare
    benefit coverage will not commence until the time he is no
    longer employed by Meridian, King or Kings affiliates. It
    is currently anticipated that Mr. Miller will continue to
    be employed by Meridian after the effective time of the merger.
    In addition to the lump sum payment and continued health and
    welfare benefits, Mr. Miller will be entitled to receive a
    gross-up payment to cover any excise taxes that may be payable
    under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code and for any
    taxes imposed on that additional payment.

 

The following other executive officers of
    Meridian have change of control agreements under which they may
    become entitled to specific benefits in the event of termination
    of employment under certain circumstances following the merger:
    Carl J. Rebert, President, Cardiopulmonary Systems;
    Gerald L. Wannarka, Senior Vice President and Chief
    Technology Officer; Robert J. Kilgore, Senior Vice
    President and General Manager, Specialty Pharmaceuticals;
    Dennis P. OBrien, Vice President of Finance and Chief
    Financial Officer; and Peter A. Garbis, Vice President,
    Organization Development. The merger will constitute a change of
    control for purposes of the change of control agreements.

 

Under the Meridian Nonqualified Deferred
    Compensation Plan, the accounts of Messrs. Miller and
    Kilgore, the only participants in the plan, will vest and each
    participant will be paid his account balance in a single lump
    sum immediately upon a change of control. The merger will
    constitute a change of control for purposes of this plan.

 

Under the merger agreement, King will indemnify
    directors and officers of Meridian and its subsidiaries after
    the merger. King will also maintain in effect policies of
    directors and officers liability insurance. For more
    information, see the section entitled The Merger
    Agreement  Indemnification and Insurance.

vi

Contact Information

If you have any questions regarding the merger or
any other matters discussed in this proxy statement, please
contact:

Dennis P. OBrien

Vice President of Finance and

Chief Financial Officer

Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc.

10240 Old Columbia Road

Columbia, Maryland 21046

(Telephone: 443/259-7800)

vii



Page

THE COMPANIES

Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc.

King Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Merlin Acquisition Corp. 

THE SPECIAL MEETING

The Proposal

Record Date And Voting

Required Vote

Proxies; Revocation

Adjournments

THE MERGER

Background Of The Merger

Meridians Reasons For The Merger;
    Recommendation Of The Meridian Board Of Directors

Opinion Of Meridians Financial Advisor

Material United States Federal Income Tax
    Consequences

Governmental And Regulatory Approvals

Interests Of Certain Persons In The Merger

Appraisal Rights

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Structure And Effective Time

Merger Consideration

Payment Procedures

Treatment Of Meridian Stock Options

Directors And Officers

Representations And Warranties

Covenants; Conduct Of The Business Of Meridian
    Prior To The Merger

No Solicitation

Employee Benefits

Agreement To Cooperate

Indemnification And Insurance

The Meridian Board Recommendation

Conditions To The Merger

Important Definitions

Termination

Termination Fee

Expenses

Stock Ownership Of Management And Certain
    Stockholders Of Meridian

Market Price Of Meridian Common Stock And
    Dividend Information

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Page

APPENDICES

Appendix A Agreement and Plan of
    Merger, dated as of October 19, 2002

A1

Appendix B Opinion of Gerard Klauer
    Mattison & Co., Inc. 

B1

Appendix C Section 262 of the
    Delaware General Corporation Law

C1

ii

THE COMPANIES

Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc.

Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc., a specialty
pharmaceuticals company, is a world leader in sales of
auto-injector drug delivery systems. The company develops health
care products designed to save lives, reduce health care costs
and improve quality of life. For its fiscal year ended
July 31, 2002, Meridian reported sales and net income of
approximately $82.4 million and $9.3 million,
respectively.

King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

King Pharmaceuticals, Inc., headquartered in
Bristol, Tennessee, is a vertically integrated pharmaceutical
company that manufactures, markets, and sells primarily branded
prescription pharmaceutical products. King seeks to capitalize
on niche opportunities in the pharmaceutical industry created by
cost containment initiatives and consolidation among large
global pharmaceutical companies. Kings strategy is to
acquire branded pharmaceutical products and to increase their
sales by focused promotion and marketing and through product
life cycle management. The mailing address of Kings
principal executive offices is 501 Fifth Street, Bristol,
Tennessee 37620.

Merlin 2002 Acquisition Corp.

Merlin 2002 Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation and direct wholly owned subsidiary of King, was
incorporated by King solely for the purpose of merging into
Meridian. The mailing address of Merlins principal
executive offices is 501 Fifth Street, Bristol, Tennessee
37620.

THE SPECIAL MEETING

The Proposal

This proxy statement is being furnished to
Meridian stockholders in connection with the solicitation of
proxies by the Meridian board of directors for use at a special
meeting to be held on
December      , 2002, at

[TIME]
, local time, at 
[ADDRESS]
. The purpose of
the special meeting is for you to consider and vote upon a
proposal to adopt and approve the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of October 19, 2002 (the merger
agreement), by and among Meridian, King and Merlin, which
provides for the merger of Merlin with and into Meridian. A copy
of this agreement is attached as Appendix A to this proxy
statement. This proxy statement and the enclosed form of proxy
are first being mailed to Meridian stockholders on or about
November      , 2002.

Record Date and Voting

The holders of record of Meridian common stock as
of the close of business on the record date, which was

[DATE]
, are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote
at, the special meeting. On the record date, there were [######]
shares of Meridian common stock outstanding.

The holders of a majority of the shares of
Meridian common stock which were outstanding on 
[DATE]
,
represented in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum for
purposes of the special meeting. A quorum is necessary to hold
the special meeting. Any shares of Meridian common stock held in
treasury by Meridian or by any of its subsidiaries are not
considered to be outstanding for purposes of determining a
quorum. In addition, under applicable NASDAQ rules, brokers, who
hold shares of Meridian common stock in street name for
customers, who are the beneficial owners of these shares, are
prohibited from giving a proxy to vote shares held for these
customers in favor of the approval of the merger without
specific instructions to that effect from these customers.
Accordingly, the failure of these customers to provide
instructions with respect to their shares of Meridian common
stock to their broker will have the effect of the shares not
being voted and will not be counted as a vote for or against the
merger. These broker non-votes, if any, and
abstentions will

be counted as present for determining the
presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of business
in accordance with Delaware law.

Required Vote

Each share of Meridian common stock which is
outstanding on the record date entitles the holder to one vote
at the special meeting. Completion of the merger requires the
adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the merger by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Meridian common stock. Because the vote is
based on the number of shares of Meridian common stock
outstanding rather than on the number of votes cast, failure to
vote your shares is effectively a vote against the merger. In
addition, although treated as shares that are present and
entitled to vote at the special meeting for purposes of
determining whether a quorum exists, abstentions and properly
executed broker non-votes will have the same effect as votes
against approval and adoption of the merger proposal. You may
vote your shares of Meridian common stock in any of four ways:

1.     by completing and
    returning the enclosed proxy card by mail;

2.     by voting through
    the Internet, as outlined on the enclosed proxy card;

3.     by voting by
    telephone, as outlined on the enclosed proxy card; or

4.     by appearing and
    voting in person by ballot at the special meeting.

Proxies; Revocation

If you vote your shares of Meridian common stock
by signing a proxy, your shares will be voted at the special
meeting as you indicate on your proxy card. If no instructions
are indicated on your signed proxy card, your shares of Meridian
common stock will be voted FOR the approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and the merger. If you vote your shares of
Meridian common stock through the Internet or by telephone your
shares will be voted at the special meeting as instructed.

You may revoke your proxy at any time before the
proxy is voted at the special meeting. A proxy may be revoked
prior to the vote at the special meeting in any of three ways:

1.     by submitting a
    written revocation dated after the date of the proxy that is
    being revoked to the Assistant Secretary of Meridian at 10240
    Old Columbia Road, Columbia, Maryland 21046;

2.     by submitting a
    later-dated proxy relating to the same shares to the Assistant
    Secretary of Meridian by mail, telephone or Internet; or

3.     by attending the
    special meeting and voting in person by ballot.

Attendance at the special meeting will not, in
itself, constitute revocation of a previously granted proxy. If
you do not hold your shares of Meridian common stock in your own
name, you may revoke or change a previously given proxy by
following the instructions provided by the bank, broker or other
party, that is the registered owner of the shares.

Under the terms of the merger agreement, Meridian
will pay the costs associated with printing and filing this
proxy statement. Meridian will also pay the costs of soliciting
proxies for the special meeting. Our officers, directors and
employees may solicit proxies by telephone, mail, the Internet
or in person. However, they will not receive additional
compensation for soliciting proxies. We will also request that
individuals and entities holding shares in their names, or in
the names of their nominees, that are beneficially owned by
others, send proxy materials to and obtain proxies from those
beneficial owners, and will reimburse those holders for their
reasonable expenses in performing those services. We have
retained Mellon Investor Services LLC to assist us in the
solicitation of proxies using the means referred to above, and
will pay fees of up to $7,500, plus reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses.

Adjournments

The board of directors of Meridian is not aware
of any business to be acted upon at the special meeting other
than the merger. If other matters are duly brought before the
special meeting, or any adjournments or postponements thereof,
the persons appointed as proxies will have discretion to vote or
act on these matters according to their best judgment. The
persons named as proxies by a stockholder may propose and vote
for one or more adjournments or postponements of the special
meeting to permit additional solicitation of proxies in favor of
the merger, but no proxy voted against the merger will be voted
in favor of any such adjournment or postponement.

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

Prior to being contacted by King, the assessment
of the Meridian board of directors had been for some time that
stockholder value would best be maximized by Meridian operating
as an independent company and pursuing Meridians existing
business plan, unless a business combination proposal at a
compelling valuation was presented to Meridian.

James H. Miller, Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Meridian, and Jefferson J. Gregory,
current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of King, have been
acquainted with each other since the fall of 2000. Since that
time, Mr. Miller and Mr. Gregory and other senior
executives of King were periodically together at business and
social events. On these occasions they would spend some time
discussing their respective businesses and the state of the
pharmaceutical and medical technology industries. During one
occasion in 2001, Mr. Gregory indicated that King may have
an interest in acquiring Meridian. Shortly thereafter, King
communicated orally a non-binding indication of interest.
However, King withdrew this indication of interest almost
immediately. No further discussion regarding a potential
transaction took place between Meridian and King.

In late March 2002, Mr. Gregory again raised
with Mr. Miller Kings potential interest in acquiring
Meridian. In order to more fully explore Kings interest in
such a transaction, Mr. Miller on March 25, 2002, met
with senior executives of King to discuss the matter.
Mr. Miller did not hear further from representatives of
King until they contacted him on July 30, 2002. During the
first week of August 2002, King orally provided Meridian with an
unsolicited non-binding indication of interest for King to
acquire 100% of the common stock of Meridian in an all-cash
transaction. On August 15, 2002, King followed up its oral
indication of interest with a written non-binding indication of
interest.

Based on the potential price per share of $42.00
indicated in Kings August 15 letter, Mr. Miller
determined he should consult with financial and legal advisors
regarding Kings indication of interest. On August 20,
2002, Mr. Miller and Dennis P. OBrien,
Meridians Chief Financial Officer, met with
representatives of Gerard Klauer Mattison and Arnold &
Porter to discuss the financial merits of Kings indication
of interest, the process to be followed were King to pursue
discussions with Meridian and the risks to Meridian of pursuing
such discussions, alternative processes that could be undertaken
with respect to exploring a strategic transaction for Meridian
and associated matters.

Following this meeting, Mr. Miller called a
special meeting of Meridians board of directors to discuss
Kings indication of interest. This meeting was held on
August 22, 2002. At this meeting, Mr. Miller made a
presentation to the board of directors regarding, among other
things, Kings indication of interest, his assessment of
the likelihood of achieving an increase in Kings indicated
price per share, potential alternatives to discussions with King
if the board of directors was interested in considering a
potential strategic transaction, the risks to Meridian of
pursuing discussions with King or an alternative process
regarding a potential strategic transaction, the prospects for
stockholder value if Meridian remained as an independent company
and risks associated with executing Meridians business
plan as an independent company. A representative of Gerard
Klauer Mattison also made a presentation to the board of
directors regarding its experience and expertise in investment
banking and the work performed to this point with respect to
Kings indication of interest. The

board of directors concluded unanimously that
management should pursue discussions with King and attempt to
increase the price per share King would pay to Meridian
stockholders. On August 27, 2002, Meridian executed a
formal engagement letter with Gerard Klauer Mattison.

On August 28, 2002, King executed a
confidentiality agreement with Meridian, and Meridian executives
and King executives met for a day-long session at which Meridian
executives made presentations regarding Meridians
business, business plans, operations, financial condition and
financial projections.

On August 29, 2002, King orally informed
Meridian that it had increased its proposed price per share to
$44.50 from $42.00.

On August 30, 2002, the Meridian board of
directors held a special meeting to discuss the status of
discussions with King. Mr. Miller updated the board of
directors on developments since its August 22 meeting,
discussed Kings increased price per share indication of
$44.50 and described the process to be followed if the board of
directors determined to proceed with negotiations with King. A
representative of Arnold & Porter made a presentation to the
board of directors regarding fiduciary duties of the directors
in considering the indication of interest from King. A
representative of Gerard Klauer Mattison made a presentation to
the board of directors regarding the financial merits of
Kings proposal and Meridians strategic alternatives,
including continuing an exclusive negotiation with King, a
broader strategic transaction evaluation process and remaining
independent and growing through internal growth and/or
acquisitions, and the opportunities and risks associated with
each of these alternatives. Mr. Miller made a presentation
to the board of directors regarding the potential opportunities
and risks in executing Meridians business plan and the
potential opportunities and risks associated with continuing
negotiations with King and alternative strategic transaction
processes. The board of directors unanimously concluded that
management should proceed with due diligence and negotiation of
a definitive merger agreement with King.

From September 9, 2002 through the signing
of the merger agreement, King conducted due diligence regarding
Meridian, which included access to corporate information,
including, among other things, financial, legal, regulatory and
other business documents, site visits to Meridian facilities in
St. Louis and Northern Ireland, interviews of physicians using
the PRIME ECG cardiac mapping system, the hiring of independent
marketing consultants, management interviews and discussions
with Meridians auditors and legal counsel.

At the regularly scheduled meeting of
Meridians board of directors on September 26, 2002,
management updated the board of directors on the status of
negotiations with King.

On October 2, 2002, King informed Meridian
that based on its due diligence to that date King was prepared
to proceed with a transaction at the $44.50 per share price,
subject to completion of due diligence and negotiation of an
acceptable merger agreement. On October 4, 2002, King and
Meridian and their respective legal counsel commenced serious
negotiations regarding the terms of a definitive merger
agreement. These negotiations continued until the parties
reached agreement on a final form of merger agreement on
October 19, 2002.

On October 11, 2002, the Meridian board of
directors held another special meeting at which the board of
directors was updated on the progress of negotiations with King
and the outstanding issues regarding Kings due diligence
and merger agreement terms.

On October 19, 2002, Meridians board
of directors held a special meeting to consider approval of the
merger and the merger agreement. At this special meeting,
presentations were made to the board of directors by management
and Gerard Klauer Mattison regarding the financial terms of the
merger, and Gerard Klauer Mattison delivered its written opinion
that the merger would be fair to Meridians stockholders
from a financial point of view. A representative of Arnold &
Porter made a presentation to the board of directors regarding
the terms of the merger agreement. After extensive discussion,
the board of directors concluded the merger was in the best
interests of Meridians stockholders and unanimously
approved the merger.

On October 19, 2002, King and Meridian
executed the merger agreement, and the parties publicly
announced the merger on October 21, 2002.

Meridians Reasons for the Merger;
Recommendation of the Meridian Board of Directors

The Meridian board of directors, at a meeting
held on October 19, 2002, unanimously determined that the
merger and the merger agreement with King are in the best
interests of the Meridian stockholders. 
Accordingly, the
Meridian board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR approval
and adoption of the merger and the merger agreement at the
special meeting
. In the course of determining that the
merger and the merger agreement are in the best interests of the
Meridian stockholders, the board consulted with management, as
well as its financial and legal advisors, and considered a
number of factors in making its determination, including:

(1) the boards familiarity with, and
    information provided by management as to, Meridians
    business, financial condition, results of operations, current
    business strategy and prospects, the nature of the markets in
    which we operate and our position in those markets;

(2) managements view of the
    opportunities for Meridian to achieve growth targets and
    maximize shareholder value as an independent company, including
    the potential for growth in the EpiPen market,
    opportunities for new product introductions through acquisitions
    and opportunities in the homeland security market;

(3) managements review of risks
    associated with achieving growth targets and maximizing
    shareholder value through implementation of Meridians
    existing business plan as an independent company, including:

 

difficulties of growing through acquisition in
    view of the limited number of acquisition candidates, the
    relatively high valuations of such acquisition candidates under
    current market conditions, and Meridians lack of
    significant experience in integrating acquisitions;

 

the limited success in Meridians efforts to
    market the PRIME ECG cardiac mapping system;

 

the challenges and costs associated with
    improving Meridians aging St. Louis manufacturing
    facilities and/or developing alternative manufacturing
    facilities; and

 

the potential for competition in the EpiPen
    market;

(4) risks related to the sustainability and
    predictability of earnings and revenue growth, particularly in
    view of Meridians very strong performance in fiscal year
    2002, and the implications of such risks for the market price
    performance of Meridians common stock;

(5) Meridians common stock price
    performance during the prior year, the relatively thin trading
    volume and lack of liquidity in Meridians common stock,
    and the difficulty of attracting an institutional following and
    research coverage for Meridians common stock in light of
    these factors;

(6) the perceived absence of any likely
    potential business combination other than the merger and the
    possibility that, under certain circumstances specified in the
    merger agreement, Meridian could conduct negotiations with a
    third party and terminate the merger agreement if a superior
    takeover proposal for a business combination or acquisition of
    Meridian were to be made by such third party, subject to payment
    of a termination fee (for more information see the section
    entitled The Merger Agreement  Termination
    Fee);

(7) the merger consideration is all cash,
    providing certainty of value to Meridians stockholders;

(8) the merger consideration of $44.50 per
    share represents a 17% premium over the closing price of our
    stock on October 18, 2002 of $38.15 per share, a 26%
    premium over the average closing price of our stock for the 20
    trading days prior to the signing of the merger agreement of
    $35.21 per share and a 51% premium over the one-year average
    closing price of our stock prior to the signing of the merger
    agreement of $29.49 per share and is higher than any price at
    which Meridians stock has ever traded;

(9) the presentation and written opinion of
    Gerard Klauer Mattison that, as of the date of that opinion, and
    based upon and subject to the matters stated in the opinion, the
    cash consideration to be received pursuant to the merger by the
    Meridian stockholders was fair from a financial point of view to

those stockholders. The presentation of Gerard
    Klauer Mattison involved various valuation analyses of Meridian
    that are described under  Opinion of
    Meridians Financial Advisor and the full text of its
    opinion, which sets forth assumptions made, matters considered
    and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the
    opinion, is attached as Annex B to this proxy statement. We
    encourage stockholders to read the opinion in its entirety;

(10) the terms and conditions of the merger
    agreement, including that the merger agreement proposed by King
    did not include a financing condition and our managements
    conclusion, based on consultation with its financial advisor and
    information provided by King, that King is capable of financing
    the transaction with its existing cash and cash equivalents and
    existing credit facilities;

(11) gains arising from an all-cash
    transaction would be taxable to Meridian stockholders for United
    States federal income tax purposes and the cost basis of
    Meridians institutional stockholders in Meridian common
    stock;

(12) following consummation of the merger,
    the current Meridian stockholders, unless they reinvest their
    proceeds from the merger in King securities, would no longer be
    able to participate, directly or indirectly, in any increases or
    decreases in the value of our businesses and properties; and

(13) consideration of the impact of the
    merger on customers, employees and other constituencies and
    managements understanding of Kings post-merger
    operating plans.

In addition, the board was aware of the interests
of some of our officers and directors described under
 Interests of Certain Persons in the
Merger.

The foregoing discussion addresses the material
information and factors considered by the board in its
consideration of the merger, including factors that support the
merger as well as those that may weigh against it. In view of
the variety of factors and the quality and amount of information
considered, the board did not find it practicable to and did not
make specific assessments of, quantify or otherwise assign
relative weights, to the specific factors considered in reaching
its determination. The determination to approve the merger was
made after consideration of all of the factors in the aggregate.
Individual members of the board may have given different weight
to different factors.

Opinion of Meridians Financial
Advisor

Meridian retained Gerard Klauer Mattison &
Co., Inc. as its financial advisor to assist its management and
its board of directors in considering valuation, financial and
other matters relating to the merger.

The Meridian board of directors retained Gerard
Klauer Mattison based on Gerard Klauer Mattisons
qualifications, experience and expertise in investment banking,
particularly its experience and expertise in providing
investment banking services to medical technology companies. As
part of Gerard Klauer Mattisons investment banking
business, it is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses
and their securities in connection with mergers, acquisitions,
divestitures, restructurings, recapitalizations, underwritings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.

At the meeting of Meridians board of
directors held on October 19, 2002, Gerard Klauer Mattison
rendered its written opinion that, as of that date and based
upon and subject to the various assumptions made, procedures
followed, matters considered and limits of review as set forth
in its opinion, the consideration to be received by holders of
Meridian common stock in the merger was fair, from a financial
point of view, to those stockholders.

The full text of the written opinion of Gerard
Klauer Mattison, dated October 19, 2002, is attached as
Appendix B to this document. The opinion sets forth, among
other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken
by Gerard Klauer Mattison in rendering its opinion. We urge you
to read the entire opinion carefully. Gerard Klauer
Mattisons opinion is directed to the Meridian board of
directors and addresses only the fairness of the consideration,
from a financial point of view, to holders of Meridian common
stock as of the date of the

opinion. Gerard Klauer Mattisons opinion
does not address any other aspect of the merger and does not
constitute a recommendation to any holder of Meridian common
stock as to any matter relating to the merger. This summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
Gerard Klauer Mattisons opinion.

In connection with rendering its opinion, Gerard
Klauer Mattison:

 

reviewed Meridians publicly-available
    financial information;

 

reviewed financial and operating information
    furnished by Meridian;

 

reviewed financial projections prepared by
    Meridians management;

 

conducted discussions with Meridians senior
    management concerning its operations, financial condition and
    prospects;

 

reviewed historical market prices and trading
    activity for Meridians shares and those of similar
    publicly-traded companies;

 

compared Meridians financial performance
    with that of similar companies;

 

compared the proposed financial terms of the
    merger with financial terms of other relevant mergers and
    acquisitions;

 

reviewed a draft of the merger agreement;

 

performed discounted cash flow analyses; and

 

reviewed other financial studies, performed other
    analyses and investigations and took into account other matters
    that Gerard Klauer Mattison deemed appropriate.

In its review and analysis and in formulating its
opinion, Gerard Klauer Mattison relied upon and assumed, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all
of the financial and other information publicly-available or
provided to it. With respect to the financial forecasts,
projections and other information provided to it, Gerard Klauer
Mattison assumed that those financial forecasts, projections and
other information were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting
the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments
at the time of Meridians senior management of the future
competitive, operating and regulatory environments and the
related financial performance of Meridian. Gerard Klauer
Mattison expresses no opinion as to those financial forecasts,
projections and other information or the assumptions on which
they were based.

Gerard Klauer Mattison has not made or been
provided with an independent evaluation or appraisal of the
assets or liabilities of Meridian. Gerard Klauer Mattison has
not reviewed the books and records of Meridian nor made a
physical inspection of its properties or assets. Gerard Klauer
Mattison assumed that the executed version of the merger
agreement would not differ in any material respect from the last
draft it reviewed and that the merger would be consummated in
accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, without
modification or waiver of any material terms.

In arriving at its opinion, Gerard Klauer
Mattison did not ascribe a specific range of values to Meridian,
but rather made its determination as to fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by
the holders of Meridian common stock in the merger on the basis
of the financial and comparative analyses summarized below. The
preparation of a fairness opinion involves various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant method of
financial and comparative analysis and the application of these
methods to the particular circumstances. Consequently, a
fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to summary
description. Gerard Klauer Mattison believes that its analyses
must be considered as a whole and that considering any portions
of those analyses and factors without considering all of them
could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process
underlying its opinion.

The following is a summary of the material
financial analyses performed by Gerard Klauer Mattison in
connection with the preparation of its opinion letter, dated as
of October 19, 2002. Some of these summaries

of financial analyses include information
presented in tabular format. In order to understand fully the
financial analyses used by Gerard Klauer Mattison, the tables
must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables
alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses. Considering the data set forth below in the tables
without considering the full narrative description of the
financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions
underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of Gerard Klauer Mattisons financial analyses.

Implied Transaction Value

Gerard Klauer Mattison calculated an enterprise
value for Meridian of $234.8 million, based on the amount
of consideration payable to the holders of Meridian common stock
in this transaction. The enterprise value was obtained by
multiplying the proposed per share merger consideration of
$44.50 by the total number of Meridian shares outstanding on a
fully diluted basis, and then subtracting the amount of
Meridians cash and cash equivalents as of July 31,
2002 of $13.0 million. Meridian had no debt on its balance
sheet as of July 31, 2002. Gerard Klauer Mattison then
calculated implied valuation multiples by dividing this
enterprise value by Meridians revenue and earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
(EBITDA), in both cases for the twelve months ended
July 31, 2002, for the twelve months ended January 31,
2003 (estimated) and for the twelve months ended
January 31, 2004 (estimated). Gerard Klauer Mattison also
calculated implied valuation multiples by dividing the proposed
per share merger consideration of $44.50 by Meridians
diluted earnings per share for the twelve months ended
July 31, 2002, for the twelve months ended January 31,
2003 (estimated) and for the twelve months ended
January 31, 2004 (estimated). The following table presents
those multiples:

Enterprise Value/

Share Price/

Revenue

EBITDA

Diluted EPS

Twelve months ended July 31, 2002

2.8

x

10.5

x

20.7

x

Twelve months ended January 31, 2003(1)

2.7

x

11.9

x

25.0

x

Twelve months ended January 31, 2004(1)

2.3

x

9.1

x

19.4

x

(1) 

Based on Meridians management estimates.

These implied valuation multiples were then
utilized in the financial analyses described below.

Precedent M&A Transactions Valuation
    Analysis

The precedent merger and acquisition transactions
valuation analysis provides a benchmark based on the
consideration paid in selected comparable merger and acquisition
transactions. For this analysis, Gerard Klauer Mattison compared
financial statistics from publicly-available information for
selected transactions in the medical technology industry to the
relevant financial statistics for the proposed acquisition of
Meridian by King. The following table presents the selected
transactions utilized in Gerard Klauer Mattisons analysis:

Target

Acquiror

Closing Date

Spacelabs Medical, Inc. 

Instrumentarium Corporation

July 3, 2002

Surgical Dynamics Inc.  Spinal (Tyco)

Stryker Corp.

July 1, 2002

Raytel Medical Corporation

SHL Telemedicine Ltd.

June 5, 2002

Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. 

Respironics, Inc.

April 15, 2002

TIMM Medical Technologies Inc. 

Endocare Inc.

March 25, 2002

ORATEC Interventions Inc. 

Smith & Nephew PLC

March 22, 2002

Unipath Limited

Inverness Medical Innovations Inc.

December 20, 2001

Imatron Inc. 

GE Medical Systems

December 19, 2001

Kretztechnik AG

GE Medical Systems

October 10, 2001

Target

Acquiror

Closing Date

SurVivaLink Corp. 

Cardiac Science, Inc.

September 27, 2001

Data Critical Corp. 

GE Medical Systems

September 20, 2001

Minntech Corp. 

Cantel Medical Corp.

September 7, 2001

Kendro Laboratory Products, L.P. 

SPX Corp.

July 23, 2001

Shearwater Corp. 

Inhale Therapeutic Systems, Inc.

July 2, 2001

ADAC Laboratories

Koninklijke Philips Electronics

December 18, 2000

Acuson Corporation

Siemens Medical Engineering Group AG

November 10, 2000

DJPharma, Inc. 

Biovail Corporation International

October 6, 2000

Wesley Jessen Vision Care, Inc. 

Novartis AG

October 2, 2000

Lunar Corporation

GE Medical Systems

August 8, 2000

Protocol Systems Inc. 

Welch Allyn Inc.

July 13, 2000

Medco Research, Inc. 

King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

February 25, 2000

OEC Medical Systems

GE Medical Systems

November 29, 1999

Maxxim Medical, Inc. 

Fox Paine & Management

November 12, 1999

Mentor Corp. (Opthalmic Unit)

Xomed Surgical Products

October 4, 1999

Ballard Medical Products

Kimberly-Clark Corporation

September 23, 1999

Copley Pharmaceutical, Inc. 

Teva Pharmaceutical USA, Inc.

September 14, 1999

Advanced Inhalation Research, Inc. 

Alkermes, Inc.

February 1, 1999

Biochem International Inc. 

Smiths Group plc

January 22, 1999

TheraTech, Inc. 

Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

January 14, 1999

Circon Corporation

Maxxim Medical, Inc.

January 5, 1999

Marquette Medical Systems, Inc. 

GE Medical Systems

November 20, 1998

Graphics Control Corporation

Tyco International Ltd.

November 2, 1998

ATL Ultrasound, Inc. 

Philips Electronics

September 29, 1998

AcroMed Corp. 

DePuy Inc.

June 3, 1998

Carnrick Laboratories, Inc. 

Elan Corp. plc

May 29, 1998

Healthdyne Technologies, Inc. 

Respironics Inc.

February 11, 1998

Gerard Klauer Mattison reviewed
publicly-available information to determine the purchase prices
and multiples in the comparable transactions. The following
table summarizes the multiples of latest twelve months revenue,
EBITDA and net income and of premiums for the selected
comparable transactions as compared to the proposed acquisition
of Meridian by King:

Selected Comparable Transactions

Median

Harmonic Mean

Meridian(1)

Multiple/Premium

Multiple/Premium

Latest Twelve Months Revenue(2)

2.7

x

1.7

x

1.8

x

Latest Twelve Months EBITDA(2)

11.9

x

12.6

x

12.6

x

Latest Twelve Months Net Income(2)

27.1

x

27.7

x

25.6

x

One Month Premium(3)

53.4

%

29.8

%

25.3

%

(1) 

Based on Meridians enterprise value
    calculated at $44.50 per share.

(2) 

Based on Meridians management estimates of
    twelve months ended January 31, 2003.

(3) 

Meridians premium is based on the closing
    price of Meridian common stock on September 18, 2002.

Gerard Klauer Mattison noted that the proposed
merger consideration of $44.50 per share is comparable to or
exceeds the implied considerations determined by the above
multiples and premiums.

No transaction included in the comparable
transactions analysis is identical to the acquisition of
Meridian by King. Gerard Klauer Mattison made judgments and
assumptions with regard to industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions and other
matters. Many of these matters are beyond the control of
Meridian, such as the impact of competition on the business of
Meridian, industry growth and the absence of any material
adverse changes in the financial condition and prospects of
Meridian, the medical technology industry or the financial
markets in general.

Selected Comparable Public Companies
    Analysis

Gerard Klauer Mattison compared selected
financial information of Meridian with publicly-available
information of selected comparable public companies in the
medical technology industry. Specifically, the comparable
companies considered by Gerard Klauer Mattison included:

 

CONMED Corporation

 

DJ Orthopedics, Inc.

 

Exactech, Inc.

 

Haemonetics Corporation

 

Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation

 

Interpore International, Inc.

 

Quidel Corporation

 

Vital Signs, Inc.

 

Wright Medical Group, Inc.

For each of the selected comparable companies,
Gerard Klauer Mattison calculated and analyzed enterprise value
multiples of financial criteria such as revenue and EBITDA and
equity value multiples of earnings. The following table presents
the implied enterprise and equity value multiples of Meridian
compared to the selected comparable companies:

Selected Comparable Companies

Reference Range

Harmonic

Median

Mean

Meridian(1)

Low

High

Multiple

Multiple

Latest Twelve Months Revenue(2)

2.8x

0.9x

3.8x

1.6x

1.6x

Calendar Year 2002 Revenue

2.7x

0.8x

3.6x

1.6x

1.6x

Latest Twelve Months EBITDA(2)

10.5x

4.9x

23.1x

9.2x

8.7x

Calendar Year 2002 EBITDA

11.9x

4.8x

22.0x

10.3x

8.3x

Latest Twelve Months Price/ Earnings(2)

20.7x

14.6x

57.3x

20.2x

21.2x

Calendar Year 2002 Price/ Earnings

25.0x

7.5x

42.2x

14.9x

16.5x

Calendar Year 2003 Price/ Earnings

19.4x

4.8x

38.8x

15.4x

12.2x

(1) 

Based on Meridians implied transaction
    value calculated at $44.50 per share.

(2) 

Based on latest twelve months ended July 31,
    2002.

Gerard Klauer Mattison noted that the
consideration of $44.50 per share under the merger agreement is
within the range of implied considerations determined by the
revenue multiples, the EBITDA multiples and the earnings
multiples.

No company included in the peer group is
identical to Meridian. In selecting and evaluating the
comparable companies, Gerard Klauer Mattison made judgments and
assumptions with regard to industry

performance, general business, economic, market
and financial conditions, and other matters. Because of the
inherent differences between the business, operations, financial
condition and prospects of Meridian and those of the selected
comparable companies, Gerard Klauer Mattison believed it was
inappropriate to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the
quantitative results of the comparable company analysis.
Accordingly, Gerard Klauer Mattison also looked at trends in
certain historical financial metrics and ratios, such as sales
and earnings growth, and operating margins, and compared
differences in quarterly and annual trends of these metrics
between Meridian and the selected comparable companies. This
analysis did not lead to specific conclusions regarding the
implied consideration, but rather were part of Gerard Klauer
Mattisons evaluation of the relevancy of the analysis of
the comparable companies with regard to the particular
circumstances of the merger.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

The discounted cash flow analysis provides a net
present value of the projected unlevered free cash flows of
Meridian for the fiscal years 2003 through 2006. Gerard Klauer
Mattison calculated the present value of the projected future
equity value of Meridian using internal financial planning data
prepared by Meridians management for fiscal years 2003 and
2004 and its own estimates for fiscal years 2005 and 2006 based
on historical growth rates and margins. Gerard Klauer Mattison
applied a range of discount rates of 20% to 28% and a range of
exit multiples of 10.0x to 13.0x of estimated 2006 EBITDA. Both
the discount rates and multiples were based on the medical
technology industry cost of capital and trading ranges,
respectively. This analysis calculated implied equity values
ranging from $34.46 to $53.51 per share, and yielded the
following results:

Implied Aggregate Equity Value Per Share

Assumed Exit Multiple of Estimated 2006 EBITDA

Discount Rates

10.0x

11.0x

12.0x

13.0x

20%

$

43.15

$

46.60

$

50.06

$

53.51

22%

40.72

43.95

47.19

50.42

24%

38.47

41.50

44.54

47.57

26%

36.39

39.24

42.09

44.94

28%

34.46

37.14

39.82

42.50

Gerard Klauer Mattison noted that the
consideration of $44.50 per share under the merger agreement is
within the range of implied considerations from the equity
values resulting from its discounted cash flow analysis.

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process and, consequently, a fairness opinion is not
easily summarized. Gerard Klauer Mattison believes that
selecting any portion of its analyses, without considering all
of its analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying its opinion. In addition, Gerard Klauer Mattison may
have given various analyses and factors more or less weight than
other analyses and factors, and may have deemed various
assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions. As a
result, the ranges of considerations resulting from any
particular analysis described above should not be taken to be
Gerard Klauer Mattisons view of the actual value of
Meridian. In performing its analyses, Gerard Klauer Mattison
made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and economic conditions and other matters. Many
of these matters are beyond the control of Meridian and any
estimates contained in Gerard Klauer Mattisons analyses
are not necessarily indicative of future results or actual
values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
those suggested by such estimates.

Gerard Klauer Mattison conducted the analyses
described above solely as part of its analysis of the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be
received by holders of Meridian common stock in the merger and
its delivery of the fairness opinion to the Meridian board of
directors. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which Meridian might actually be sold.

The type and amount of consideration payable in
the merger were determined through arms-length
negotiations between Meridian and King and were approved by the
Meridian board of directors. Gerard

Klauer Mattison provided advice to Meridian
during these negotiations. Gerard Klauer Mattison did not,
however, recommend any specific consideration to Meridian or
that any specific amount of consideration constituted the only
appropriate consideration.

In connection with Gerard Klauer Mattisons
engagement, Meridian requested that Gerard Klauer Mattison
evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of Meridian common stock of the consideration provided
for in the merger. Under the terms of an engagement letter,
dated August 27, 2002, between Meridian and Gerard Klauer
Mattison, Meridian agreed to pay Gerard Klauer Mattison a fee of
$375,000 for rendering its fairness opinion, which fee was
earned and payable upon date of delivery of the opinion. This
fee will be credited against the financial advisory fees
described below. Under the terms of the engagement letter,
Meridian also agreed to pay Gerard Klauer Mattison a financial
advisory fee in the event of a sale transaction with King in an
amount equal to $1,300,000. In addition to the above described
compensation, Meridian agreed to reimburse Gerard Klauer
Mattison for all of its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with its engagement and to indemnify
Gerard Klauer Mattison and its affiliates and their respective
directors, officers, agents and employees against liabilities
and expenses, including liabilities under the federal securities
laws, related to or arising out of Gerard Klauer Mattisons
engagement.

Material United States Federal Income Tax
Consequences

     General

The following is a summary of the material United
States federal income tax consequences of the merger to Meridian
stockholders. This summary is based upon the provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, applicable current
and proposed United States Treasury Regulations, judicial
authority, and administrative rulings and practice. These
authorities are all subject to change, possibly on a retroactive
basis, at any time, and, therefore, the following statements and
conclusions could be altered or modified. It is assumed that the
shares of Meridian common stock are held as capital assets by a
United States person (
i.e
., a citizen or resident of the
United States or a domestic corporation). This discussion does
not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation
that may be relevant to a particular Meridian stockholder in
light of that Meridian stockholders personal investment
circumstances, or Meridian stockholders subject to special
treatment under the United States federal income tax laws, such
as a life insurance company, tax-exempt organization, financial
institution, United States expatriate, foreign corporation and
nonresident alien individual. In addition, this discussion does
not address the aspects of United States federal income taxation
that may be relevant to a Meridian stockholder who holds shares
of Meridian common stock as part of a hedging,
straddle, conversion or other integrated
transaction, or to a Meridian stockholder who holds shares of
Meridian common stock in an individual retirement account,
401(k) plan or similar tax-favored account or to a Meridian
stockholder who acquired shares of Meridian common stock through
the exercise of employee stock options or other compensation
arrangements. In addition, the discussion does not address any
aspect of foreign, state or local taxation or estate and gift
taxation that may be applicable to a Meridian stockholder.

Consequences
Of The Merger To Meridian Stockholders

The receipt of the merger consideration in the
merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal
income tax purposes. In general, for United States federal
income tax purposes, a holder of Meridian common stock will
recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the
amount of cash received and the stockholders adjusted tax
basis in the shares of Meridian common stock converted in the
merger. Gain or loss will be calculated separately for each
identifiable block of shares converted in the merger
(
i.e.
, shares acquired at the same cost in a single
transaction). The gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and
will be long-term capital gain or loss if, at the effective time
of the merger, the shares of Meridian common stock so converted
were held for more than one year. In the case of noncorporate
stockholders, including individuals, long-term capital gain is
currently eligible for reduced rates of United States federal
income tax. There are limitations on the deductibility of
capital losses.

     Backup
Withholding

Under the United States federal income tax backup
withholding rules, unless an exemption applies, backup
withholding at a rate of 30% will apply to the payment of merger
consideration unless the Meridian stockholder or other payee
provides a taxpayer identification number, or TIN
(social security number, in the case of an individual, or
employer identification number, in the case of other
stockholders), and certifies under penalties of perjury that its
TIN is correct, the stockholder is not subject to backup
withholding and the stockholder is a United States person. Each
Meridian stockholder and, if applicable, each other payee,
should complete and sign the substitute Form W-9 that will
be part of the letter of transmittal to be returned to the
paying agent in order to provide the information and
certification necessary to avoid backup withholding, unless an
applicable exemption exists and is otherwise proved in a manner
satisfactory to the paying agent. The exemptions provide that
certain persons (including, among others, corporations and
certain foreign individuals) are generally not subject to backup
withholding. In order for a foreign individual to qualify as an
exempt recipient, however, he or she must submit a signed
statement (such as a Certificate of Foreign Status on Internal
Revenue Service Form W-8BEN) attesting to his or her exempt
status. Any amounts withheld will be allowed as a credit against
the stockholders United States federal income tax
liability for that year.

You should consult your own tax advisors to
determine the United States federal, state and local and foreign
tax consequences of the merger to you in view of your own
particular circumstances.

Governmental and Regulatory
Approvals

While we believe that we will receive the
regulatory approvals and clearances for the merger that are
described below in the fourth calendar quarter of 2002 or early
in the first calendar quarter of 2003, we cannot be certain that
the merger will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or as
to the timing for the grant or denial of these approvals. Under
the merger agreement, we and King have agreed to use
commercially reasonable efforts to, among other things, take any
action or obtain any clearance or approval required by any
governmental authority or applicable law, subject to the
limitations described under The Merger
Agreement  Agreement To Cooperate.

Transactions such as the merger are reviewed by
the United States Department of Justice and the United States
Federal Trade Commission to determine whether they comply with
applicable antitrust laws. Under the provisions of the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended, or HSR Act, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder applicable to the merger, the merger may
not be completed until applicable waiting period requirements
have expired or been terminated. We and King filed the requisite
notification reports with the Department of Justice and Federal
Trade Commission on October      ,
2002. The waiting period under the HSR Act will expire at
11:59 p.m. on November      ,
2002, unless this period is terminated earlier or extended.

The Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission frequently scrutinize the legality under the
antitrust laws of transactions such as the merger. At any time
before or after the merger, the Department of Justice or the
Federal Trade Commission could take such action under the
antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public
interest, including seeking to enjoin the merger or seeking
divestiture of substantial assets of King or Meridian or their
subsidiaries. Private parties and state attorneys general may
also bring an action under the antitrust laws under certain
circumstances.

Accounting Treatment

The merger will be accounted for by the use of
the purchase method of accounting, in accordance with United
States GAAP. This means that King will record as goodwill the
excess of the purchase price of Meridian over the fair value of
our identifiable assets, including intangible assets, and
liabilities.

Interests of Certain Persons in the
Merger

General

Some of our executive officers and directors have
interests in the merger that are or may be considered different
from, or in addition to, the interests of our stockholders
generally. These interests arise primarily out of either
employment agreements with Meridian, change of control
agreements with Meridian, participation in Meridian benefit
plans, or ownership of stock options of Meridian, and are more
fully described below.

Our board was aware of and considered these
interests when it approved the merger agreement and the merger.
We summarize below the material interests of our directors and
executive officers in the merger.

Interests In Stock Options

As of October 18, 2002, the following
directors and executive officers of Meridian held vested and
unvested options under the Survival Technology, Inc. 1986 Stock
Option Plan, the Brunswick Biomedical Corporation 1993 Stock
Option Plan, the Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc. 1997
Long-Term Incentive Plan and the Meridian Medical Technologies,
Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (the option plans) to
acquire the number of shares and entitling such person to
receive an amount pursuant to such options at the effective time
of the merger, in each case set forth opposite such
persons name:

Amount Payable

Amount Payable

Number of

for

Number of

for

Total

Name and Position

Vested Shares

Vested Shares

Unvested Shares

Unvested Shares

Amount Payable

James H. Miller

396,012

$

14,481,574

102,500

$

2,801,150

$17,282,724

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Thomas L. Anderson

6,000

$

159,915

9,000

$

258,165

$418,080

Director

Bruce M. Dresner

25,500

$

876,696

15,000

$

488,000

$1,364,696

Director

Robert G. Foster

41,800

$

1,542,591

15,000

$

488,000

$2,030,591

Director

David L. Lougee

22,300

$

757,731

15,000

$

488,000

$1,245,731

Director

Peter A. Garbis

40,750

$

1,443,280

14,900

$

448,305

$1,891,585

Vice President, Organization Development

Robert J. Kilgore

21,250

$

674,569

48,750

$

1,684,256

$2,358,825

Senior Vice President and General Manager,
    Specialty Pharmaceuticals

Dennis P. OBrien

53,750

$

1,767,694

41,250

$

1,281,756

$3,049,450

Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial
    Officer

Carl J. Rebert

$

25,000

$

111,250

$111,250

President, Cardiopulmonary Systems

Gerald L. Wannarka

62,175

$

2,152,913

26,725

$

781,963

$2,934,875

Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer

The amount required to be paid to all holders of
options granted under the option plans will be $41,610,842.

Employment Agreement with James H.
    Miller

Under the terms of the employment agreement
approved by the board of directors between Meridian and James H.
Miller, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,
dated as of December 6, 2001,

Mr. Miller would have been entitled to the
following payments had he terminated his employment for
good reason (as defined in his employment agreement)
at the effective time of the merger:

 

his full base compensation earned through the
    date of the effective time of the merger;

 

any bonus to which he had become entitled but
    which had not yet been paid to him;

 

a lump sum cash payment equal to the product of
    (a) three and (b) his combined base compensation for
    the twelve-month period immediately preceding the date of the
    effective time of the merger;

 

a lump sum cash payment equal to his annual
    bonus (defined as the greater of (a) the annual bonus
    paid or payable to him for the fiscal year immediately preceding
    the date of the effective time of the merger and (b) the
    average of the bonuses paid or payable to him in the three
    fiscal years immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the
    merger occurs); and

 

a lump sum cash payment equal to the product of
    (a) his annual bonus (as determined under the preceding
    bullet) and (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the
    number of days in the then-current fiscal year through the date
    of the effective time of the merger and the denominator of which
    is 365.

In connection with the merger, the board of
directors approved an amendment to Mr. Millers
employment agreement, providing that at the effective time of
the merger Mr. Miller will be entitled to receive the
payments described above without Mr. Millers being
required to terminate his employment with Meridian. It is
currently anticipated Mr. Miller will continue to be
employed by Meridian after the effective time of the merger.

In addition, for the 36-month period following
Mr. Millers termination of employment with King and
its affiliates (including Meridian), Mr. Miller will be
entitled to life, disability, accident and health insurance
coverage (under Meridians plan and policies) that are
substantially the same as that which he received immediately
prior to his date of termination of employment, provided that if
any such benefits cannot be provided to Mr. Miller or his
dependents, beneficiaries or estate under any of Meridians
plans, Meridian will cause Mr. Miller to receive such
benefits under alternative plans or arrangements that provide
such coverage on substantially the same terms and at a cost to
Mr. Miller that is not greater than that incurred by him
(determined on an after-tax basis) immediately prior to the date
of his termination of employment.

Mr. Miller is also entitled to receive a
gross-up payment to cover any excise taxes that may be payable
under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code and for any
taxes imposed on that additional payment.

Accordingly, if the merger were completed on
December 31, 2002, Mr. Miller would be paid at the
effective time of the merger a lump sum cash payment (excluding
any accrued compensation and any gross-up payment for excise
taxes imposed under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue
Code) of approximately $1,635,925 pursuant to the terms of his
amended employment agreement.

Change of Control Agreements

Meridian has previously entered into change of
control agreements with Messrs. Rebert, Wannarka, Kilgore,
OBrien and Garbis. These agreements provide for severance
benefits in the event of an occurrence of a termination
event (defined as a termination of employment other than
by reason of death, disability or retirement on or after the
date on which such officer or executive attains age 65, by
Meridian without cause or by the executive upon the occurrence
of one or a number of certain specified events) within the
24-month period following a change of control. The merger will
constitute a change of control under these agreements. In the
event a termination event occurs with respect to one of the
officers or executives set forth above, he will become entitled
to the following:

 

his full base compensation earned through the
    date of the termination event;

 

any bonus to which he had become entitled but had
    not yet been paid;

 

a lump sum cash payment equal to the sum of
    (a) his combined base compensation for the 12-month period
    immediately preceding the date on which notice is given that he
    is terminated or will terminate

employment and (b) his annual bonus (defined
    as the greater of (i) the annual bonus paid or payable to
    such officer or executive for the fiscal year immediately
    preceding the date of termination and (ii) the average of
    the bonuses paid or payable to the officer or executive in the
    three fiscal years immediately preceding the fiscal year in
    which the change of control falls); and

 

a lump sum cash payment equal to the higher of
    the target bonus to which he would have become entitled for the
    fiscal year in which the termination event falls, assuming all
    applicable performance goals for the year of termination would
    have been satisfied, or his annual bonus (as defined under the
    preceding bullet) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of
    which is the number of days in the then-current fiscal year
    through the termination event and the denominator of which is
    365.

In addition, Meridian will maintain for a period
of 12 months following the date of the termination event,
the executives eligibility for and participation in any
health and life insurance plans in which he was eligible to
participate prior to the termination event and upon the same
basis and cost as prior to the termination event, provided that
if, for any reason, Meridian is unable to continue his
participation in any such plan, Meridian will cause the
executive to be eligible to participate in a substantially
equivalent arrangement upon substantially the same basis and
cost (determined on an after-tax basis) as prior to the
termination event.

If the payment of any amounts under the change of
control agreements would not be deductible by reason of
Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code, then to the
extent necessary to make any such portion of the amounts
deductible, the cash payments under the agreements will be
reduced (if necessary, to zero) and the health and life
insurance benefits will next be reduced.

Assuming each of these individuals were entitled
to terminate his employment agreement at the effective time of
the merger and the merger was completed on December 31,
2002, they would receive lump sum cash payments in the amounts
set forth opposite their respective names under their change of
control agreements:

Name

Payment Amount

Carl J. Rebert

$

264,225

Gerald L. Wannarka

$

281,834

Robert J. Kilgore

$

247,138

Dennis P. OBrien

$

284,002

Peter A. Garbis

$

225,270

Other Interests

In addition to the cash payments some of our
executive officers and directors will receive with respect to
the cancellation of their stock options, Messrs. Miller and
Kilgore participate in and have account balances under
Meridians Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. The
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan provides that all
account balances will vest in a single lump sum immediately upon
the occurrence of a change of control, and Messrs. Miller
and Kilgore will be paid their entire account balances in single
lump sums immediately. The merger will constitute a change of
control for purposes of the plan. Assuming the merger is
completed on December 31, 2002, Messrs. Miller and
Kilgore would be entitled to receive single lump sums of
approximately $60,976 and $14,865, respectively, under this plan.

Meridian has had under consideration entering
into an agreement with a company which director Robert G.
Foster has an interest. No definitive terms have been reached
with respect to such potential relationship. The potential
relationship has been disclosed to King and King has expressed
an interest in possibly pursuing a potential relationship.

Indemnification And Insurance

King, Meridian and Merlin have agreed that, to
the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, after the
merger becomes effective, King will indemnify and hold harmless
each present and former director and officer of Meridian or any
of our subsidiaries against any costs or expenses (including
advancing reasonable attorneys fees and expenses),
judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities and
amounts paid in

settlement in connection with the fact that such
person is or was a director, officer or employee of Meridian or
any actual or threatened claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation arising out of, relating to or in connection with
any action or omission occurring or alleged to have occurred
prior to or after the effective time of the merger or the merger
or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
or arising out of or pertaining to the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement. Persons eligible for indemnification
are referred to in this document as the indemnified
parties.

King has agreed that, for a period of six years
after the effective time of the merger, it will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be maintained in
effect the current policies of directors and
officers liability insurance maintained by Meridian and
our subsidiaries (provided that King may substitute
thirdparty policies of at least the same coverage and
amounts containing terms and conditions that are not materially
less favorable than such policies) with respect to matters
arising on or before the effective time of the merger. However,
after the effective time, the surviving corporation will not be
required to pay annual premiums for coverage in excess of 200%
of the premium paid in the year before the merger.

Appraisal Rights

Delaware law entitles the holders of record of
shares of Meridian common stock that follow the procedures
specified in Section 262 of the DGCL to have their shares
appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery and to receive the
fair value of these shares as of the completion of
the merger as determined by the court instead of the merger
consideration. In order to exercise these rights, you must
demand and perfect your rights in accordance with
Section 262. The following is a summary of the material
provisions of Section 262 and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to Section 262, a complete copy of which is
attached as Appendix C to this proxy statement. You should
carefully review Section 262 as well as the information
discussed below to determine your rights to appraisal.

If you elect to exercise the right to an
appraisal under Section 262, you must do all of the
following:

 

file with Meridian at its main office in
    Columbia, Maryland, a written demand for appraisal of shares of
    Meridian common stock held before the vote is taken on the
    merger agreement and the merger at our special meeting. This
    demand must identify the Meridian stockholder and expressly
    request an appraisal. This written demand for appraisal must be
    in addition to and separate from any proxy or vote against the
    merger agreement because voting against or abstaining from
    voting or failing to vote on the merger agreement will not
    constitute a demand for appraisal within the meaning of
    Section 262;

 

not vote in favor of, or consent in writing to,
    the merger agreement and the merger. Failing to vote or
    abstaining from voting will satisfy this requirement, but a vote
    in favor of the merger agreement and the merger, by proxy or in
    person, or the return of a signed proxy card that does not
    specify a vote against approval and adoption of the merger
    agreement and the merger, or that does not specify that you
    abstain from voting on the merger agreement and the merger, will
    constitute a waiver of your right of appraisal and will nullify
    any previously filed written demand for appraisal; and

 

continuously hold shares of Meridian common stock
    through the completion of the merger.

All written demands for appraisal should be
addressed to Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc.,
10240 Old Columbia Road, Columbia, Maryland 21046,
Attention: Dennis P. OBrien, before the vote is taken on
the merger agreement and the merger at the special meeting, and
should be executed by, or on behalf of, the holder of record of
the relevant shares of Meridian common stock. This demand must
reasonably inform Meridian of the identity of the stockholder
and that the stockholder is thereby demanding appraisal of the
stockholders shares of Meridian common stock.

Within ten days after the completion of the
merger, the surviving corporation of the merger will give
written notice of the completion of the merger to each Meridian
stockholder that has satisfied the requirements of
Section 262 and has not voted for or consented to the
proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the
merger. We refer to such a stockholder as a dissenting
stockholder. Within 120 days after the completion of
the merger, the surviving corporation or any dissenting
stockholder may file a petition in the Delaware Court of
Chancery demanding a determination of the fair value of the
shares of

Meridian common stock that are held by all
dissenting stockholders. We advise any dissenting stockholder
desiring to file this petition to file on a timely basis unless
the dissenting stockholder receives notice that a petition has
already been filed by the surviving corporation or another
dissenting stockholder.

If a petition for appraisal is timely filed, the
court will determine which stockholders are entitled to
appraisal rights. The court then will determine the fair value
of the shares of Meridian common stock held by the dissenting
stockholders, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, but together with a
fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid on the amount
determined to be fair value. In determining the fair value, the
court will take into account all relevant factors. The court may
determine the fair value to be more than, less than or equal to
the consideration that the dissenting stockholder would
otherwise be entitled to receive under the merger agreement. If
a petition for appraisal is not timely filed, then the right to
an appraisal will cease. The costs of the appraisal proceeding
may be determined by the court and charged against the parties
as the court determines to be equitable under the circumstances.
Upon the application of any stockholder, the court may determine
the amount of interest, if any, to be paid upon the value of the
shares of Meridian common stock of stockholders entitled to such
interest. Upon application of a stockholder, the court may order
all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in
connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and the fees and
expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of
all shares of Meridian common stock entitled to appraisal.

From and after the completion of the merger, no
dissenting stockholder will have any rights of a Meridian
stockholder with respect to that dissenting stockholders
shares for any purpose, except to receive payment of its fair
value and to receive payment of dividends or other distributions
on that dissenting stockholders shares of Meridian common
stock, if any, payable to Meridian stockholders of record as of
a date prior to the completion of the merger. If a dissenting
stockholder delivers to the surviving corporation a written
withdrawal of the demand for an appraisal within 60 days
after the completion of the merger or, if no petition for
appraisal is filed within 120 days after the completion of the
merger, then the right of that dissenting stockholder to an
appraisal will cease and the dissenting stockholder will be
entitled to receive only the merger consideration.

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the material terms
of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, which we refer to as the
merger agreement. The summary is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the merger agreement, a copy of which
is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement and is
incorporated herein by reference. We encourage you to read the
merger agreement because it, and not this summary, is the legal
document that governs the merger.

Structure and Effective Time

The merger agreement provides for the merger of
Merlin with and into Meridian upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the merger agreement. Meridian will survive the
merger and continue to exist after the merger as a wholly owned
subsidiary of King.

The closing of the merger will occur on the first
business day after the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions
in the merger agreement (except for those conditions to be
satisfied or waived at the closing). The merger will become
effective at the time the certificate of merger is filed with
the Delaware Secretary of State. The parties will file the
certificate of merger as soon as practicable on the closing date.

We cannot assure you when, or if, all the
conditions to completion of the merger will be satisfied or
waived. For more information, see  Conditions to the
Merger. We intend to complete the merger as promptly as
practicable subject to receipt of Meridian stockholder approval
and all requisite regulatory approvals. We expect to close the
merger in the fourth quarter of 2002 or early in the first
quarter of 2003. For more information, see The
Merger  Governmental and Regulatory Approvals,
 Agreement To Cooperate and 
Conditions to the Merger.

Merger Consideration

The merger agreement provides that each share of
Meridian common stock outstanding immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger will be cancelled and converted at
the effective time of the merger into the right to receive
$44.50 in cash, without interest, from King. We refer to this
amount throughout this document as the merger
consideration. The merger consideration represents a
premium of 17% over the closing price of Meridians Stock
on October 18, 2002 of $38.15 per share, a 26% premium over
the average closing price of our stock or the 20 trading days
prior to the signing of the merger agreement of $35.21 per share
and a 51% premium over the one-year closing price of our stock
prior to the signing of the Merger Agreement of $29.49 per share.

Each holder of a certificate representing shares
of Meridian common stock will have no further rights with
respect to these shares, other than the right to receive the
merger consideration applicable to those shares.

Shares of Meridian common stock that are
outstanding immediately prior to the merger and held by any
dissenting stockholder who properly perfects his or her
appraisal rights will not be converted into the right to receive
$44.50 in cash, but rather the dissenting stockholder will be
entitled to payment of the fair value of his or her dissenting
shares in accordance with and subject to Section 262 of the
DGCL. For more information see the section entitled The
Merger  Appraisal Rights.

Payment Procedures

King will select a bank reasonably acceptable to
Meridian to act as paying agent. The paying agent will make
payment of the merger consideration in exchange for certificates
representing the outstanding shares of Meridian common stock.
King will deposit sufficient cash with the paying agent on or
prior to the effective time in order to permit the payment of
the merger consideration. As promptly as practicable after the
effective time, the paying agent will send to our stockholders a
letter of transmittal and instructions explaining how to send
their stock certificates to the paying agent. The paying agent
will mail checks for the appropriate merger consideration
(without interest), minus any withholding taxes required by law,
to our stockholders promptly following the paying agents
receipt and processing of Meridian stock certificates and
properly completed transmittal documents.

Please do not send your stock certificate at this
time.

Treatment of Meridian Stock Options

Under the terms of the merger agreement, each
outstanding option under our stock option plans immediately
before the effective time of the merger, will, at the effective
time of the merger, be cancelled, and each option holder will be
entitled to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of
(a) the number of shares of common stock subject to such
option, and (b) the excess of $44.50 over the exercise
price of such option.

Directors and Officers

The merger agreement provides that the directors
of Merlin immediately before the effective time of the merger
will be the directors of the surviving corporation after the
merger. The merger agreement provides that the officers of
Meridian immediately before the effective time of the merger
will be the officers of the surviving corporation after the
merger, until replaced.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains representations and
warranties by Meridian and King regarding various legal,
financial, business and regulatory matters. The representations
and warranties will not survive after the merger.

Covenants; Conduct of the Business of Meridian
Prior to the Merger

Under the terms of the merger agreement, we have
agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts to obtain as
soon as practicable all consents and approvals of any persons
necessary or desirable for the consummation of the merger,
including, in the case of Meridian, obtaining the requisite
approval of our stockholders and all requisite regulatory
approvals. None of Meridian, King or Merlin may take any action
that would substantially impair the prospects of completing, or
would materially delay, the merger.

The merger agreement provides that Meridian will,
and will cause each of its subsidiaries to carry on its
respective business in the usual, regular and ordinary course in
substantially the same manner as conducted prior to the
execution of the merger agreement and to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve its business and relationship
with customers, employees and others. In addition, Meridian may
not, without the prior written consent of King, except as
otherwise provided in the merger agreement declare, set aside or
pay any dividends on any of its capital stock; issue any capital
stock or options for any capital stock, amend its organizational
documents, sell any assets or properties (other than inventory),
incur indebtedness or make loans, make capital expenditures
except in accordance with Meridians capital budget, pay,
settle or discharge any liabilities or waive any material
rights, acquire any other business or entity; enter into any
material contracts; increase the compensation or fringe benefits
of its directors, officers or employees except in a manner
consistent with past practice; or take other specified actions,
other than in the ordinary course of business, that might impact
its financial condition or business.

No Solicitation

The merger agreement provides that we will not,
and will cause our subsidiaries not to, directly or indirectly,
solicit, initiate or take any action to facilitate, or permit
any of our officers, directors, employees or agents to, directly
or indirectly, solicit, initiate or facilitate the making of any
proposal which constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead
to any competing takeover proposal. The board of directors,
however, is permitted to recommend or endorse any competing
takeover proposal or participate in any discussions or
negotiations relating to such competing proposal if the board
determines in good faith (after consultation with outside
counsel and its financial advisors) that the failure to do so
would constitute a breach of its fiduciary duty to the
stockholders.

A takeover proposal is any tender or
exchange offer, proposal for merger, consolidation or other
business combination involving Meridian or any of our
subsidiaries or any proposal or offer to acquire in any manner a
substantial equity interest in, or a substantial portion of the
assets of, Meridian or any of our subsidiaries, other than the
transactions contemplated or permitted by the merger agreement.

The merger agreement requires us to immediately
notify King orally and promptly notify King in writing after
receipt of any takeover proposal indicating in reasonable detail
the identity of the potential acquiror and all the relevant
details of the takeover proposal.

If we receive a takeover proposal which our board
of directors reasonably determines in good faith (after
consultation with outside counsel and its financial advisors) is
superior to the merger and termination of the merger agreement
is necessary for our board of directors to comply with their
fiduciary duties under applicable law, we may terminate the
merger agreement and pursue such superior takeover proposal if
we give King seven days to match such superior takeover
proposal, King refuses to do so and we pay King a termination
fee of $7.4 million. For more information see the section
entitled  Termination and 
Termination Fee.

Employee Benefits

King has agreed that, for a period of six months
immediately following the effective date of the merger and
subject to applicable collective bargaining agreements, it will
maintain all of our employee benefit plans, other than our stock
option plans and any other plans to the extent they provide for
the issuance of Meridian common stock or benefits based on the
value of Meridian common stock, in effect as of the effective
date of the merger for the benefit of employees of Meridian at
the effective time of the merger who continue to be employed by
the surviving corporation and its subsidiaries without any
reduction in, or elimination of, benefits.

Upon the expiration of that six month period, and
subject to applicable collective bargaining agreements,
employees of Meridian at the effective time of the merger who
continue to be employed by the surviving corporation and its
subsidiaries will generally receive credit for all purposes
(other than for purposes of benefit accrual under a defined
benefit plan and other than as would result in the duplication
of benefits) under any employee benefit plan, severance plan or
vacation plan made available by King or any of its subsidiaries
to those employees. Any waiting periods, pre-existing condition
exclusions and requirements to show evidence of good health
contained in any plans of King or its subsidiaries made
available to such employees that provides medical, dental or
other welfare benefits will not apply to the extent such
periods, exclusions or requirements did not apply to such
employees under our corresponding plans immediately prior to the
end of the six-month period. In addition, employees of Meridian
at the effective time of the merger who continue to be employed
by the surviving corporation and its subsidiaries will generally
receive full credit under Kings applicable vacation plans
and policies for unused vacation credited to such employees as
of the expiration of the six-month period referred to above.

King has agreed to honor all of our obligations
under our compensation and employee benefit plans and under all
employment and severance agreements disclosed to King to which
we or any of our affiliates is party as of the closing date.
King has acknowledged that consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement will constitute a
change of control for purposes of certain agreements
and our stock option plans.

Agreement to Cooperate

We and King have agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action and
to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or
advisable under applicable laws and regulations to complete and
make effective the merger. This includes the use of commercially
reasonable efforts to:

 

make all filings and other required submissions,
    as required under the U.S. federal antitrust laws;

 

obtain all necessary or appropriate waivers,
    consents or approvals of third parties required in order to
    preserve material contractual relationships of Meridian and King
    and their respective subsidiaries; and

 

obtain all necessary or appropriate waivers,
    consents and approvals to effect all necessary registrations,
    filings, and submissions.

We and King have also agreed to take any action,
make any undertaking and receive any clearance or approval
required by any governmental authority or applicable law,
provided, however that King is not required to divest or hold
separate any assets in order to consummate the merger.

Indemnification and Insurance

King has agreed that the indemnification
provisions and the limitations on liability existing in favor of
directors, officers and employees of Meridian contained in our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws as in effect at the
effective time of the merger will survive the merger and will
continue in full force and effect from and after the effective
time of the merger.

King, Meridian and Merlin have agreed that, to
the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, after the
merger becomes effective, King will indemnify and hold harmless
each present and former director and officer of Meridian or any
of our subsidiaries against any costs or expenses (including
advancing reasonable attorneys fees and expenses),
judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities and
amounts paid in settlement in connection with any actual or
threatened claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation
arising out of, relating to or in connection with the fact that
such person is or was a director, officer or employee of
Meridian or any action or omission occurring or alleged to have
occurred prior to or after the effective time of the merger or
the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement or arising out of or pertaining to the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. Persons eligible for
indemnification are referred to in this document as the
indemnified parties.

King has agreed that, for a period of up to six
years after the effective time of the merger, it will cause to
be maintained in effect the current policies of directors
and officers liability insurance maintained by Meridian
and our subsidiaries (provided, that King may substitute
third-party policies of at least the same coverage and amounts
containing terms and conditions that are not less favorable than
such policies) with respect to matters arising on or before the
effective time of the merger. However, after the effective time,
King will not be required to pay for coverage of annual premiums
in excess of 200% of the premium paid in the year before the
merger.

The Meridian Board Recommendation

The merger agreement provides that our board will
recommend that the Meridian stockholders vote in favor of the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger.
However, our board may withdraw or modify its recommendation
prior to stockholder approval of the merger agreement, if our
board determines in good faith, after consultation with outside
counsel and its financial advisors, that it is necessary to do
so in order to comply with its fiduciary obligations.
Notwithstanding any such withdrawal or modification, Meridian is
required to submit the merger agreement to a vote at the special
meeting unless the merger agreement is terminated in accordance
with its terms.

A withdrawal or adverse change in any respect of
our boards recommendation or failure to reaffirm such
recommendation may permit King to terminate the merger agreement
and give rise to the payment of a termination fee of
$7.4 million as described under
 Termination Fee.

Conditions to the Merger

The obligations of Meridian, King and Merlin to
complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction of each of
the conditions described below:

(1) the requisite majority stockholder
    approval of Meridian shall have been obtained;

(2) the waiting period applicable to
    completion of the merger under the HSR Act having expired or
    been terminated; and

(3) no judgment, injunction, order or decree
    of any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction
    prohibiting the completion of the merger shall be in effect.

Unless waived by King, the obligations of King
and Merlin to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction of the following additional conditions:

(1) our representations and warranties being
    true and correct in all material respects both as of the date of
    the merger agreement and the effective date of the merger;
    provided, that King and Merlin can only refuse to close under
    this condition precedent if our failure to comply with our
    representations and warranties (a) constitutes a material
    adverse effect on Meridian and (b) in the reasonable good
    faith judgment of the King board of directors, has adversely
    affected the anticipated economic and business benefits of the
    merger to King in any material way;

(2) our performance in all material respects
    of all of our obligations under the merger agreement;

(3) there shall not be pending any suit,
    action or proceeding having a reasonable likelihood of success,
    challenging the merger or seeking to prohibit or materially
    limit the ownership, operation or control of Meridian by King;

(4) absence of any legal prohibitions or
    restraints that would reasonably be expected to result in a
    prohibition or material limitation on the ownership, operation
    or control of Meridian by King; and

(5) material consents from third parties
    related to the consummation of the merger shall have been
    obtained.

Unless waived by us, our obligation to complete
the merger is subject to the satisfaction of the following
additional conditions:

(1) Kings and Merlins
    representations and warranties being true and correct in all
    material respects both as of the date of the merger agreement
    and the effective date of the merger; provided, that we can only
    refuse to close under this condition precedent if their failure
    to comply with their representations and warranties,
    individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
    to prevent or materially delay the consummation of the merger by
    King; and

(2) Kings and Merlins
    performance in all material respects of all of their obligations
    under the merger agreement.

Important Definitions

In the merger agreement, the phrase
Material Adverse Effect in reference to us means any
change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development
or developments which individually or in the aggregate could
reasonably be expected to result in any change or effect, that
(a) is materially adverse to the (i) business,
(ii) properties, (iii) financial condition, or
(iv) results of operations of Meridian and our
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b) could reasonably be
expected to prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder
or delay the consummation by Meridian of the merger or the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. However, the
phrase Material Adverse Effect specifically excludes:

(1) the impact of changes in general
    economic and/or financial market conditions;

(2) the impact of changes affecting the
    medical device industry or pharmaceutical industry generally,
    except those events, circumstances, changes or effects that
    adversely affect Meridian and its subsidiaries to a greater
    extent than they affect other entities operating in the industry;

(3) the actions or omissions of Meridian or
    any of our subsidiaries taken with the prior written consent of
    King in contemplation of the merger; or

(4) the fees and expenses of the
    Meridians third party advisors engaged in connection with
    the merger or any filing or other governmental fees related to
    the merger.

Termination

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the effective date of the merger as follows:

(1) by the mutual written consent of
    Meridian, King and Merlin;

(2) by either party, if the merger shall not
    have taken place on or before February 15, 2003, unless the
    failure of the closing to occur by this date is due to the
    failure of the party seeking to terminate the agreement to
    perform or observe its covenants and agreements in the merger
    agreement;

(3) by either party, if any governmental
    entity issues an order, decree or ruling, restraining, or
    otherwise preventing or prohibiting the merger and such order,
    decree or ruling becomes final and nonappealable or remains in
    effect for 60 days;

(4) by either party, if the merger agreement
    fails to be adopted and approved at the special meeting by the
    requisite stockholder vote;

(5) by either party, if there has been a
    breach (which has not been cured within the time period allowed)
    by the other party of any representation, warranty, covenant, or
    agreement contained in the merger agreement, or if any
    representation or warranty shall become untrue, where such
    breach would constitute a valid condition allowing the
    terminating party to refuse to close;

(6) by King, if our board of directors has
    withdrawn its approval or recommendation to our stockholders of
    the merger or the merger agreement or fails to reaffirm its
    recommendation if required to do so under the terms of the
    merger agreement or if our board of directors resolves to enter
    into, or we

enter into, an agreement for a competing takeover
    proposal, and in this event, Meridian will pay King the
    termination fee of $7.4 million;

(7) by King, if any governmental entity
    issues an order, decree or ruling that would prohibit or
    materially limit the ownership, operation or control of Meridian
    by King and such order, decree or ruling becomes final and
    nonappealable or is in effect for more than 60 days; and

(8) by Meridian, in order to enter into an
    agreement for a competing takeover proposal if our board of
    directors reasonably determines in good faith (after
    consultation with outside counsel and its financial advisors)
    that such takeover proposal is superior to the merger and that
    termination of the merger agreement is necessary for our board
    of directors to comply with their fiduciary duties under
    applicable law if, seven days after receiving notice of the
    terms of such agreement, King fails to match the terms of such
    agreement, and in such event, Meridian will pay King the
    termination fee of $7.4 million

Termination Fee

Whether or not the merger is consummated,
expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and
the merger will be paid by the party incurring those expenses.
However, in the event of the termination of the merger
agreement, Meridian will be required to pay fees and expenses
under the circumstances outlined below:

(1) Meridian will pay King a termination fee
    of $7.4 million if King terminates the merger agreement for
    one of the reasons listed below:

 

Meridians board of directors withdraws,
    modifies or changes its recommendation of the merger or resolves
    to do so;

 

Meridians board of directors does not
    reaffirm its recommendation for the merger agreement within five
    days of a request made by King;

 

Meridians board of directors resolves to
    enter into, or Meridian enters into, an agreement for a
    competing takeover proposal.

(2) Meridian will pay King a termination fee
    of $7.4 million if Meridian terminates the merger agreement
    after (a) Meridian gives King notice of Meridian resolving
    to enter into an agreement for a competing takeover proposal if
    our board of directors reasonably determines in good faith
    (after consultation with outside counsel and its financial
    advisors) that such takeover proposal is superior to the merger
    and that termination of the merger agreement is necessary for
    our board of directors to comply with their fiduciary duties
    under applicable law, and (b) King fails to match the terms
    of this agreement.

(3) If King or Meridian terminates the
    merger agreement because Meridian stockholders do not approve
    the merger agreement and (a) prior to the failure of
    approval of the stockholders, a competing takeover proposal
    relating to Meridian has been made to Meridian or its
    stockholders or is otherwise publicly announced, and
    (b) Meridian either consummates any transaction
    constituting a takeover proposal within 12 months of the
    date of termination or enters into an agreement with respect to
    any takeover proposal within this 12 month period, then
    Meridian will pay King a termination fee of $7.4 million.

Expenses

Except as described above in
 Termination , the merger
agreement provides that all costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby will be paid by the party incurring the
expenses, including those expenses incurred by Meridian in
connection with printing and filing this proxy statement.

Stock Ownership of Management and Certain
Stockholders of Meridian

The following table sets forth information about
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of
October 19, 2002, by (a) each person who is the
beneficial owner of more than five percent of the outstanding
shares of our common stock, (b) each of our directors,
(c) each of our executive officers, and (d) all of our
executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise
indicated, the persons or entities listed below have sole voting
and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock
beneficially owned by them. For the purposes of this table,
beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
pursuant to which a person or group of persons is deemed to have
beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock
that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days
after the date of this proxy statement.

Number of Shares

Beneficially Owned

Percent of

Beneficial Owner

Directly or Indirectly(1)(2)

Class(3)

Dimensional Fund Advisors, Inc. 

415,400

(4)

9.1

%

1299 Ocean Avenue

    11th Floor

    Santa Monica, CA 90401

Hathaway & Associates Ltd. 

344,000

(4)

7.6

%

119 Rowayton Avenue

    Rowayton, CT 06853

Mylan Laboratories, Inc. 

228,673

(4)

5.0

%

P.O. Box 4310

    781 Chestnut Ridge Road

    Morgantown, West Virginia 26504

Thomas L. Anderson

6,000

*

Bruce M. Dresner

28,425

*

Robert G. Foster

63,637

(5)

1.39

%

David L. Lougee

24,093

*

James H. Miller

403,180

(6)

8.16

%

Peter A. Garbis

41,306

*

Robert J. Kilgore

21,250

*

Dennis P. OBrien

56,131

1.22

%

Carl J. Rebert

*

Gerald L. Wannarka

62,650

1.36

%

All directors and executive officers as a group
    (10 persons)

706,672

13.53

%

*

Less than 1%

(1) 

Unless otherwise indicated, includes shares held
    directly by the individual as well as by such individuals
    spouse, shares held in trust and in other forms of indirect
    ownership over which shares the individual effectively exercises
    sole voting and investment power and shares which the named
    individual has a right to acquire within sixty days of
    October 19, 2002, pursuant to the exercise of stock options
    or warrants.

(2) 

Includes the following number of shares of common
    stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of October 19, 2002: Mr. Anderson, 6,000;
    Mr. Dresner, 26,925; Mr. Foster, 43,225;
    Mr. Lougee, 23,725; Mr. Miller, 398,512;
    Mr. Garbis, 41,150; Mr. Kilgore, 21,250;
    Mr. OBrien, 53,750; Dr. Wannarka, 62,650; and
    all directors and executive officers as a group, 677,187.

(3) 

Based upon 4,544,321 shares of common stock
    outstanding as of the record date, plus shares of common stock
    issuable within 60 days of October 19, 2002 under
    option or warrant.

(4) 

The information set forth in the table above is
    derived solely from a Schedule 13D or 13G or the most
    recent amendment thereof filed with the Commission.

(5) 

Includes 15,070 shares of common stock held
    jointly by Mr. Foster with his wife or children,
    342 shares held individually by Mr. Foster,
    5,000 shares held by a profit sharing plan for the benefit
    of Mr. Foster, 43,225 shares subject to options
    exercisable within 60 days, but excludes 2,900 shares
    of common stock held individually by Mr. Fosters wife
    through an IRA. Mr. Foster disclaims beneficial ownership
    of the shares of common stock held individually by his wife
    through an IRA.

(6) 

Includes 4,668 shares of common stock, but
    excludes 760 shares of common stock held by
    Mr. Millers children and grandchildren.
    Mr. Miller disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of
    common stock held by his children and grandchildren.

Market Price of Meridian Common Stock and
Dividend Information

Meridian common stock is traded on the Nasdaq
National Market. The table below sets forth by quarter, since
the first quarter of 2001, the high and low sale prices of
Meridian common stock on the Nasdaq National Market, as reported
in The Wall Street Journal.

High

Low

Fiscal 2003 Quarters

First (through October 25, 2002)

44.280

22.900

Fiscal 2002 Quarters

Fourth

41.250

31.200

Third

42.950

19.600

Second

28.500

16.620

First

25.250

10.950

Fiscal 2001 Quarters

Fourth

16.000

11.500

Third

13.375

8.875

Second

14.125

9.500

First

19.313

10.250

On October 18, 2002, as reported on the
Nasdaq, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the merger agreement, the high sale price of
Meridian common stock was $39.95 and the low sale price was
$38.15. On November      , 2002
the last full trading day prior to the date of this proxy
statement, the closing price of Meridian common stock as
reported on the Nasdaq was
$                    .
As of November      , 2002, the
approximate number of holders of Meridians common stock
was
[               ].

You are encouraged to obtain current market
quotations for Meridian common stock.

The board of directors has not declared any
dividends on Meridians common stock since its organization.

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

We intend to hold an annual meeting in 2003 only
if the merger is not completed. To the extent that an annual
meeting of Meridian stockholders is held in 2003, a stockholder
proposal to be timely for purposes of Rule 14a-8 of the SEC
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or for purposes of
Meridians bylaws must have been received by July 16,
2002. However, if the annual meeting is not held within
30 days of December 6, 2002, stockholder nominations
of director candidates and other stockholder proposals must be
received by the tenth business day following the earlier of the
day on which notice of the 2003 annual meeting of stockholders
is mailed by Meridian or public disclosure of the date of the
2003 annual meeting is made.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement includes
forwardlooking statements (as defined in the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) with respect
to our financial performance and the merger. Forward-looking
statements are typically identified by future or conditional
verbs or similar expressions regarding events that have yet to
occur such as anticipates, intends,
expects, plans, believes,
estimates, or words or phrases of similar import.
These forward-looking statements are based on Meridians
current expectations and are subject to numerous assumptions,
risks and uncertainties.

The following factors, among others, could cause
actual results to differ materially from forward-looking
statements or historical performance:

  (1) 

failure of the requisite number of Meridian
    stockholders to approve the merger;

 (2) the costs related to the merger;

 (3) potential or actual litigation
    challenging the proposed merger;

 (4) political, economic and
    competitive conditions;

 (5) capital availability or costs;

 (6) fluctuations in demand for
    Meridians products;

 (7) government procurement timing and
    policies;

  (8) 

technological challenges associated with the
    development and manufacture of Meridians products;

 (9) commercial acceptance of
    Meridians products;

(10) 

delay, costs and uncertainties associated with
    clinical testing and government approvals required to market new
    drugs and medical devices;

(11) availability and quality of raw
    materials;

(12) success and timing of efficiency, cost
    reduction and quality enhancement programs;

(13) regulatory and contract compliance;

(14) relationships with significant
    customers;

(15) adequacy of product liability insurance;

(16) 

ability to obtain, timing and success of
    marketing representatives, strategic alliances and medical
    reference centers;

(17) adequacy of intellectual property
    protection;

(18) 

inability to realize cost savings or revenue
    enhancements, implement integration plans and other consequences
    associated with mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, and
    divestitures;

(19) 

state, federal and other legislative and
    regulatory initiatives affecting the healthcare services
    industry;

(20) changes in the laws and regulations to
    which we are subject, or the application thereof; and

(21) fluctuations in the prices for
    healthcare products and services.

In addition to factors previously disclosed by us
and factors identified elsewhere in this proxy statement,
certain other factors could cause actual results to differ
materially from these forward-looking statements. All subsequent
written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us,
or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in
their entirety by reference to these factors.

Our forward-looking statements represent our
judgment only on the dates those statements are made. By making
any forward-looking statements, we assume no duty to update them
to reflect new, changed, or unanticipated events or
circumstances.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Meridian is subject to the informational
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
We file reports, proxy statements and other information with the
SEC. You may read and copy these reports, proxy statements and
other information at the SECs Public Reference Section at
450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may
obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an
Internet web site, located at www.sec.gov, that contains
reports, proxy statements and other information regarding
companies and individuals that file electronically with the SEC.

Copies of any of these documents without their
exhibits are also available without charge to any person to whom
we deliver this document. You must make a written or oral
request to Meridian Medical, Inc., 10240 Old Columbia Road,
Columbia. Maryland 21046; attention: Dennis P. OBrien,
Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer
(telephone: 443/259-7800). In order to ensure timely delivery of
the documents, any request should be made by
December           ,
2002. You may also obtain information about Meridian from our
web site, www.meridianmeds.com.

We have authorized no one to give you any
information or to make any representation about the merger or
our company that differs from or adds to the information
contained in this proxy statement or in the documents we have
publicly filed with the SEC. Therefore, if anyone should give
you any different or additional information, you should not rely
on it.

The information contained in this proxy
statement speaks only as of the date indicated on the cover of
this proxy statement unless the information specifically
indicates that another date applies.

Appendix A

EXECUTION COPY

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

Dated as of October 19, 2002

Among

KING PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.,

MERLIN 2002 ACQUISITION CORP.

And

MERIDIAN MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

________________________________________________________________________________

A-1



Page

ARTICLE I

The Merger

SECTION 1.01.

The Merger

A-4

SECTION 1.02.

Closing

A-4

SECTION 1.03.

Effective Time

A-4

SECTION 1.04.

Effects of the Merger

A-4

SECTION 1.05.

Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws

A-4

SECTION 1.06.

Directors

A-5

SECTION 1.07.

Officers

A-5

ARTICLE II

Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the
    Constituent

Corporations; Exchange of Certificates

SECTION 2.01.

Effect on Capital Stock

A-5

SECTION 2.02.

Exchange of Certificates

A-6

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties

SECTION 3.01.

Representations and Warranties of the Company

A-7

SECTION 3.02.

Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub

A-26

ARTICLE IV

Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business

SECTION 4.01.

Conduct of Business

A-27

SECTION 4.02.

No Solicitation

A-30

ARTICLE V

Additional Agreements

SECTION 5.01.

Preparation of the Proxy Statement;
    Stockholders Meeting

A-32

SECTION 5.02.

Access to Information; Confidentiality

A-32

SECTION 5.03.

Commercially Reasonable Efforts

A-33

SECTION 5.04.

Company Stock Options

A-33

SECTION 5.05.

Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance

A-34

SECTION 5.06.

Fees and Expenses

A-35

SECTION 5.07.

Public Announcements

A-35

SECTION 5.08.

Stockholder Litigation

A-35

SECTION 5.09.

Employee Matters

A-35

SECTION 5.10.

Subsidiary Dissolution.

A-36

ARTICLE VI

Conditions Precedent

SECTION 6.01.

Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to
    Effect the Merger

A-37

SECTION 6.02.

Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub

A-37

SECTION 6.03.

Conditions to Obligation of the Company

A-38

SECTION 6.04.

Frustration of Closing Conditions

A-38

A-2

Page

ARTICLE VII

Termination, Amendment and Waiver

SECTION 7.01.

Termination

A-38

SECTION 7.02.

Effect of Termination

A-39

SECTION 7.03.

Amendment

A-40

SECTION 7.04.

Extension; Waiver

A-40

SECTION 7.05.

Procedure for Termination or Amendment

A-40

ARTICLE VIII

General Provisions

SECTION 8.01.

Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties

A-40

SECTION 8.02.

Notices

A-40

SECTION 8.03.

Definitions

A-41

SECTION 8.04.

Interpretation

A-42

SECTION 8.05.

Consents and Approvals

A-42

SECTION 8.06.

Counterparts

A-42

SECTION 8.07.

Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries

A-42

SECTION 8.08.

GOVERNING LAW

A-42

SECTION 8.09.

Assignment

A-43

SECTION 8.10.

Specific Enforcement; Consent to Jurisdiction

A-43

SECTION 8.11.

Severability

A-43

Annex I

Index of Defined Terms

A-45

Exhibit A

Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
    Corporation

A-48

A-3

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this
Agreement) dated as of October 19, 2002, among
KING PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Tennessee corporation
(Parent), MERLIN 2002 ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent
(Sub), and MERIDIAN MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a
Delaware corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS the Board of Directors of each of the
Company and Sub has approved and declared advisable, and the
Board of Directors of Parent has approved, this Agreement and
the merger of Sub with and into the Company (the
Merger), upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, whereby each issued and
outstanding share of common stock, par value $.10 per share, of
the Company (Company Voting Common Stock) and each
issued and outstanding share of Class A common stock, par
value $.10 per share, of the Company (Company Nonvoting
Common Stock, and, together with the Company Voting Common
Stock, Company Common Stock), other than
(i) shares of Company Common Stock directly owned by
Parent, Sub or the Company and (ii) the Appraisal Shares,
will be converted into the right to receive $44.50 in cash; and

WHEREAS Parent, Sub and the Company desire to
make certain representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained
in this Agreement, and subject to the conditions set forth
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

The Merger

SECTION 1.01.     
The
Merger.
 Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL),
Sub shall be merged with and into the Company at the Effective
Time. Following the Effective Time, the separate corporate
existence of Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as
the surviving corporation in the Merger (the Surviving
Corporation) and shall succeed to and assume all the
rights and obligations of Sub in accordance with the DGCL.

SECTION
1.02.     
Closing.
 The closing
of the Merger (the Closing) will take place at
10:00 a.m. on the first business day after satisfaction or
(to the extent permitted by law) waiver of the conditions set
forth in Article VI (other than those conditions that by
their terms are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to
the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver of
those conditions), at the offices of Cravath, Swaine &
Moore, Worldwide Plaza, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, New
York 10019, unless another time, date or place is agreed to in
writing by Parent and the Company. The date on which the Closing
occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the Closing
Date.

SECTION
1.03.     
Effective Time.

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon as
practicable on the Closing Date, the parties shall file with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a certificate of
merger (the Certificate of Merger) executed and
acknowledged by the parties in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the DGCL and, as soon as practicable on or after
the Closing Date, shall make all other filings or recordings
required under the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective upon
the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware, or at such other time as Parent
and the Company shall agree and shall specify in the Certificate
of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being the
Effective Time).

SECTION
1.04.     
Effects of the Merger.

The Merger shall have the effects set forth in Section 259
of the DGCL.

SECTION
1.05.     
Certificate of
Incorporation and By-laws.
 (a) The First Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the
Company Certificate) shall be amended at the
Effective Time to be in the form of Exhibit A and, as so
amended, such Company Certificate shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter
changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable law.

A-4

(b) The By-laws of Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the By-laws of
the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as
provided therein or by applicable law.

SECTION
1.06.     
Directors.
 The
directors of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier
of their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

SECTION
1.07.     
Officers.
 The officers
of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the officers of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of
their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

ARTICLE II

Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of
the

Constituent Corporations; Exchange of
Certificates

SECTION
2.01.     
Effect on Capital
Stock.
 At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of
Company Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of Parent or
Sub:

(a) 
Capital Stock of Sub.
 Each issued
and outstanding share of capital stock of Sub shall be converted
into and become one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the
Surviving Corporation.

(b) 
Cancelation of Treasury Stock and
Parent-Owned Stock.
 Each share of Company Common Stock that
is directly owned by the Company, Parent or Sub immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be canceled and
retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be
delivered in exchange therefor.

(c) 
Conversion of Company Common
Stock.
 Each share of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
shares to be canceled in accordance with Section 2.01(b)
and the Appraisal Shares) shall be converted into the right to
receive $44.50 in cash, without interest (the Merger
Consideration). At the Effective Time, all such shares of
Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall
automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist,
and each holder of a certificate which immediately prior to the
Effective Time represented any such shares of Company Common
Stock (each, a Certificate) shall cease to have any
rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the
Merger Consideration.

(d) 
Appraisal Rights.
 Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares (the
Appraisal Shares) of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are
held by any holder who is entitled to demand and properly
demands appraisal of such Appraisal Shares pursuant to, and who
complies in all respects with, the provisions of
Section 262 of the DGCL (Section 262)
shall not be converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(c), but instead
such holder shall be entitled to payment of the fair value of
such Appraisal Shares in accordance with the provisions of
Section 262. At the Effective Time, all Appraisal Shares
shall be automatically canceled, shall cease to exist and shall
no longer be outstanding, and each holder of Appraisal Shares
shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the
right to receive the fair value of such Appraisal Shares in
accordance with the provisions of Section 262.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such holder shall fail to
perfect or otherwise shall waive, withdraw or lose the right to
appraisal under Section 262, or a court of competent
jurisdiction shall determine that such holder is not entitled to
the relief provided by Section 262, then the right of such
holder to be paid the fair value of such holders Appraisal
Shares under Section 262 shall cease and such Appraisal
Shares shall be deemed to have been converted at the Effective
Time into, and shall have become, the right to receive the
Merger Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(c). The
Company shall serve prompt notice to Parent of any demands for
appraisal of any shares of Company Common Stock, and Parent
shall have the right to participate in and direct all
negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands. Prior
to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, without the

A-5

prior written consent of Parent, make any payment
with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands,
or agree to do any of the foregoing.

SECTION
2.02.     
Exchange of
Certificates.
 (a) 
Paying Agent.
 As of the
Effective Time, Parent shall appoint Mellon Investor Services,
LLC or another bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to
the Company to act as paying agent (the Paying
Agent) for the payment of the Merger Consideration. From
time to time after the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or
cause the Surviving Corporation to deposit, with the Paying
Agent, cash in an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger
Consideration as and when required to be paid pursuant to this
Agreement(such cash being hereinafter referred to as the
Exchange Fund).

(b) 
Exchange Procedures.
 As soon as
practicable after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the
Paying Agent to mail to each holder of record of a Certificate
(i) a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify
that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificates to the Paying Agent and which shall be in such form
and have such other provisions as Parent may specify and shall
be reasonably acceptable to the Company) and (ii) instructions
for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for the Merger Consideration. Each holder of record of
a Certificate shall, upon surrender to the Paying Agent of such
Certificate, together with such letter of transmittal, duly
executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be required
by the Paying Agent, be entitled to receive in exchange therefor
the amount of cash which the number of shares of Company Common
Stock previously represented by such Certificate shall have been
converted into the right to receive pursuant to
Section 2.01(c), and the Certificate so surrendered shall
forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership
of Company Common Stock which is not registered in the transfer
records of the Company, payment of the Merger Consideration may
be made to a person other than the person in whose name the
Certificate so surrendered is registered if such Certificate
shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for
transfer and the person requesting such payment shall pay any
fiduciary or surety bonds or any transfer or other similar taxes
required by reason of the payment of the Merger Consideration to
a person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or
establish to the satisfaction of Parent that such tax has been
paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by
this Section 2.02(b), each Certificate shall be deemed at
any time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to
receive upon such surrender the Merger Consideration which the
holder thereof has the right to receive in respect of such
Certificate pursuant to this Article II. No interest shall
be paid or will accrue on any cash payable to holders of
Certificates pursuant to the provisions of this Article II.

(c) 
No Further Ownership Rights in
Company Common Stock.
 All cash paid upon the surrender of
Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article II
shall be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all
rights pertaining to the shares of Company Common Stock formerly
represented by such Certificates. At the close of business on
the day on which the Effective Time occurs, the stock transfer
books of the Company shall be closed, and there shall be no
further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of
the Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock
that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.
If, after the Effective Time, any Certificate is presented to
the Surviving Corporation for transfer, it shall be canceled
against delivery of cash to the holder thereof as provided in
this Article II.

(d) 
Termination of the Exchange Fund.

Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to
the holders of the Certificates for six months after the
Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and
any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore
complied with this Article II shall thereafter look only to
Parent for, and Parent shall remain liable for, payment of their
claim for the Merger Consideration pursuant to the provisions of
this Article II.

(e) 
No Liability.
 None of Parent,
Sub, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent
shall be liable to any person in respect of any cash from the
Exchange Fund delivered to a public official pursuant to any
applicable state, federal or other abandoned property, escheat
or similar law. If any Certificate shall not have been
surrendered prior to three years after the Effective Time (or
immediately prior to such earlier date on which any Merger
Consideration would otherwise escheat to or become the property
of any

A-6

Governmental Entity), any such Merger
Consideration shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law,
become the property of Parent, free and clear of all claims or
interest of any person previously entitled thereto.

(f) 
Investment of Exchange Fund.
 The
Paying Agent shall invest the cash in the Exchange Fund as
directed by Parent. Any interest and other income resulting from
such investments shall be paid solely to Parent. Nothing
contained herein and no investment losses resulting from
investment of the Exchange Fund shall diminish the rights of any
holder of Certificates to receipt of the Merger Consideration as
provided herein.

(g) 
Lost Certificates.
 If any
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by
Parent, the posting by such person of a bond or surety in such
amount as Parent may direct as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the
Paying Agent shall deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration with
respect thereto.

(h) 
Withholding Rights.
 Parent, the
Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable
pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares of Company
Common Stock such amounts as Parent, the Surviving Corporation
or the Paying Agent are required to deduct and withhold with
respect to the making of such payment under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or any
provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing
authority by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying
Agent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes
of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the
shares of Company Common Stock in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made by Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent.

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties

SECTION
3.01.     
Representations and
Warranties of the Company.
 Except as set forth in the
Company Disclosure Letter, the Company represents and warrants
to Parent and Sub as follows:

(a) 
Organization, Standing and Corporate
Power.
 Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is
incorporated and has all requisite corporate power and authority
and possesses all governmental licenses, permits, authorizations
and approvals necessary to enable it to use its corporate name
and to own, lease or otherwise hold and operate its properties
and other assets and to carry on its business as presently
conducted and as currently proposed by its management to be
conducted, except where the failure to possess such governmental
licenses, permits, authorizations and approvals individually or
in the aggregate has not had and could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company
and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which
the nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or
operation of its properties makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where the
failure to be so qualified or licensed individually or in the
aggregate has not had and could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has delivered to
Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement true, complete
and correct copies of the Company Certificate and its By-laws
(the Company By-laws), and the comparable
organizational documents of each of its Subsidiaries, in each
case as amended to the date hereof. The Company has made
available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of the
minutes (or, in the case of minutes that have not yet been
finalized, drafts thereof) of all meetings of the stockholders
of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, the Board of
Directors of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and the
committees of each of such Board of Directors, in each case held
since January 1, 1999.

(b) 
Subsidiaries.

(i) Section 3.01(b)(i) of the Company Disclosure
Letter lists each of the Subsidiaries of the Company and, for
each such Subsidiary, the state of incorporation and each
jurisdiction in which such Subsidiary is qualified or licensed
to do business. All the outstanding shares of capital stock of,
or other

A-7

equity interests in, each such Subsidiary have
been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and are
owned directly or indirectly by the Company free and clear of
all pledges, claims, liens, charges, encumbrances or security
interests of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively,
Liens), and free of any restriction on the right to
vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other
equity interests. Except for the capital stock of, or voting
securities or equity interests in, its Subsidiaries, the Company
does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock of, or
other voting securities or equity interests in, any corporation,
partnership, joint venture, association or other entity.

(ii) The information set forth on
    Section 3.01(b)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Letter is
    true and correct in all material respects. Neither the Company
    nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability, whether direct or
    derivative, to any of the stockholders of MTEC, Inc. with
    respect to actions taken or events that have occurred prior to
    the date of this Agreement, including by virtue of any liability
    that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than MTEC,
    Inc.) may have to MTEC, Inc., except, in the case of MTEC, Inc.,
    any liability owed to such stockholders representing a claim to
    such stockholders proportionate share of the current net
    assets of MTEC, Inc.

(c) 
Capital Structure.
 The authorized
capital stock of the Company consists of 17,800,000 shares of
Company Voting Common Stock, 200,000 shares of Company Nonvoting
Common Stock and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
$.01 per share (Company Preferred Stock). At the
close of business on October 18, 2002, (i) 4,514,145
shares of Company Voting Common Stock were issued and
outstanding, (ii) 30,176 shares of Company Voting Common
Stock were held by the Company in its treasury,
(iii) 1,392,747 shares of Company Voting Common Stock were
reserved and available for issuance pursuant to the 1986 Stock
Option Plan of the Company, as amended, the Brunswick Biomedical
Corporation 1993 Stock Option Plan, the 1997 Long-Term Incentive
Plan of the Company, as amended, the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan
of the Company, as amended, and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan
of the Company (such plans, collectively, the Company
Stock Plans) (of which 1,246,059 shares of Company Voting
Common Stock were subject to outstanding Company Stock Options),
(iv) no shares of Company Nonvoting Common Stock or Company
Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding or were held by the
Company as treasury shares and (v) warrants to acquire
127,262 shares of Company Common Stock from the Company pursuant
to the warrant agreements identified on Schedule 3.01(c) of
the Company Disclosure Letter and previously delivered in
complete and correct form to Parent (the Warrants)
were issued and outstanding. Except as set forth above in this
Section 3.01(c), at the close of business on
October 18, 2002, no shares of capital stock or other
voting securities or equity interests of the Company or options,
warrants or other rights to acquire or receive any such stock,
securities or interests were issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding. There are no outstanding stock appreciation rights,
phantom stock rights, performance units, rights to
receive shares of Company Common Stock on a deferred basis or
other rights (other than Company Stock Options and Warrants)
that are linked to the value of Company Common Stock
(collectively, Company Stock-Based Awards).
Section 3.01(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth
a true, complete and correct list, at the close of business on
October 18, 2002, of all outstanding options to purchase
shares of Company Common Stock (collectively, Company
Stock Options) and all outstanding Company Stock-Based
Awards granted under the Company Stock Plans or otherwise (other
than rights under the Companys Employee Stock Purchase
Plan (ESPP)), and all outstanding Warrants, the
number of shares of Company Common Stock (or other stock)
subject thereto, the grant dates, expiration dates, exercise or
base prices (if applicable) and vesting schedules thereof and
the names of the holders thereof. All (i) outstanding
Company Stock Options (other than rights under the ESPP) and
(ii) other outstanding Company Stock-Based Awards are
evidenced by stock option agreements or other award agreements,
in each case in the forms set forth in Section 3.01(c) of
the Company Disclosure Letter, and no stock option agreement or
other award agreement contains terms that are inconsistent with
such forms. The Company does not have any rights to repurchase
at a fixed purchase price outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock and no Company Stock Options or other outstanding Company
Stock-Based Awards are evidenced by restricted stock purchase
agreements. Each Company Stock Option intended to qualify as an
incentive stock option under Section 422 of the
Code so qualifies and the exercise price of each other Company
Stock Option is no less than the fair market value of a share of
Company Common Stock as determined on the date of grant of such
Company Stock Option. At the close of business on
October 18, 2002, there were outstanding Company Stock
Options (other than rights under the

A-8

ESPP) to purchase 1,246,059 shares of Company
Common Stock with exercise prices on a per share basis lower
than the Merger Consideration, and the weighted average exercise
price of such Company Stock Options was equal to $11.106. The
maximum number of shares of Company Common Stock that could be
purchased with accumulated payroll deductions under the ESPP at
the close of business on December 31, 2002 (assuming for
such purpose that the fair market value of a share of Company
Common Stock on such date is equal to the Merger Consideration
and payroll deductions continue at the current rate) is 3,993.
Each Company Stock Option (other than under the ESPP) may, by
its terms, be canceled in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, and each right under the ESPP may, by its
terms, be terminated, in each case as provided by
Section 5.04(a). All outstanding shares of capital stock of
the Company are, and all shares which may be issued pursuant to
the Company Stock Options, Company Stock-Based Awards or the
Warrants will be, when issued in accordance with the terms
thereof, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and not subject to preemptive rights. There are no
bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company
having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable
for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on
which stockholders of the Company may vote. Except as set forth
above in this Section 3.01(c), (x) there are not
issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding (A) any shares
of capital stock or other voting securities or equity interests
of the Company (other than the issuance of shares of Company
Common Stock upon the exercise of Company Stock Options or
Warrants or settlement of Company Stock-Based Awards, in each
case outstanding on the date of this Agreement in accordance
with their terms on the date of this Agreement), (B) any
securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock
or other voting securities or equity interests of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, (C) any warrants, calls, options
or other rights to acquire from the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, and no obligation of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock, voting securities,
equity interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable
or exercisable for capital stock or voting securities of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (y) there are not
any outstanding obligations of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any such
securities or to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
delivered or sold, any such securities. Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any voting agreement with
respect to the voting of any such securities.

(d) 
Authority; Noncontravention.
 The
Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to receipt of
the Stockholder Approval, to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on the
part of the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject, in
the case of the consummation of the Merger, to receipt of the
Stockholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery by each of the other parties hereto,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms, subject, as to enforceability, to bankruptcy, insolvency
and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
creditors rights and to general equity principles. The
Board of Directors of the Company, at a meeting duly called and
held at which all directors of the Company were present, duly
and unanimously adopted resolutions (i) approving and
declaring advisable this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) declaring
that it is in the best interests of the stockholders of the
Company that the Company enter into this Agreement and
consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, (iii) directing that the adoption
of this Agreement be submitted as promptly as practicable to a
vote at a meeting of the stockholders of the Company and
(iv) recommending that the stockholders of the Company
adopt this Agreement, which resolutions have not been
subsequently rescinded, modified or withdrawn in any way except
as permitted by Section 4.02(b). The execution and delivery
of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
compliance with the provisions of this Agreement will not,
conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of, or
default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancelation or
acceleration of any

A-9

obligation or to the loss of a benefit under, or
result in the creation of any Lien in or upon any of the
properties or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
under, (x) the Company Certificate or the Company By-laws
or the comparable organizational documents of any of its
Subsidiaries, (y) any loan or credit agreement, bond,
debenture, note, mortgage, indenture, lease or other contract,
agreement, obligation, commitment, arrangement, understanding,
instrument, permit, franchise or license, whether oral or
written, that is in force and effect (each, including all
amendments thereto, a Contract), to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or any of their
respective properties or assets is subject or (z) subject
to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in the
following sentence, any (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule
or regulation or (B) order, writ, injunction, decree,
judgment or stipulation, in each case applicable to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or
assets, other than, in the case of clauses (y) and (z), any such
conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, rights, losses or
Liens that individually or in the aggregate have not had and
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, action
by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing
with, any Federal, state, local or foreign government, any
court, administrative, regulatory or other governmental agency,
commission or authority or any non-governmental self-regulatory
agency, commission or authority (each, a Governmental
Entity) is required by or with respect to the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation of
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, except for (1) the filing of a premerger
notification and report form by the Company under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended
(the HSR Act), or any other applicable competition,
merger control, antitrust or similar law or regulation,
(2) the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) of (A) a proxy statement relating to
the adoption by the stockholders of the Company of this
Agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the
Proxy Statement) and (B) such reports under
Section 13(a), 13(d), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
as may be required in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (3) the filing
of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant
authorities of other states in which the Company is qualified to
do business, (4) any filings required under the rules and
regulations of the Nasdaq National Market and (5) such
other consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings the failure of which to
be obtained or made individually or in the aggregate has not had
and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(e) 
SEC Documents.
 The Company has
timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
documents (including exhibits and other information incorporated
therein) with the SEC required to be filed by the Company since
January 1, 1999 (the SEC Documents). As of
their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the
Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such SEC
Documents, and none of the SEC Documents contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. Except to the extent that
information contained in any SEC Document has been revised or
superseded by an SEC Document filed by the Company and publicly
available prior to the date of this Agreement (a Filed SEC
Document), none of the SEC Documents contains any untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The financial statements
(including the related notes) of the Company included in the SEC
Documents when filed complied as to form in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto,
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP) (except, in the case of
unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC)
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly
present the financial position of the Company and its
consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the
consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal and recurring year-end audit adjustments).
Except as

A-10

set forth in the most recent financial statements
included in the Filed SEC Documents, neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries has any material liabilities of any nature
(whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) other than
liabilities arising after the date of the balance sheet included
in such financial statements which were incurred in the ordinary
course of business of the Company consistent with past practice.
None of the Subsidiaries of the Company are, or have at any time
since January 1, 1999 been, subject to the reporting
requirements of Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange
Act or similar foreign Legal Provisions.

(f) 
Information Supplied.
 None of the
information supplied or to be supplied by the Company
specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to the
stockholders of the Company and at the time of the
Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading, except that no representation or warranty
is made by the Company with respect to statements made or
incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied
by Parent or Sub in writing specifically for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement. The Proxy
Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with
the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder.

(g) 
Absence of Certain Changes or
Events.
 Except for liabilities incurred in connection with
this Agreement, since the date of the most recent audited
financial statements included in the Filed SEC Documents, the
Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective
businesses only in the ordinary course consistent with past
practice, and since such date there has not been (i) any
Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any declaration, setting
aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution (whether
in cash, stock or property) with respect to any capital stock of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) any purchase,
redemption or other acquisition of any shares of capital stock
or any other securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to
acquire such shares or other securities (except upon the
exercise of options and warrants disclosed in the Company
Disclosure Letter to the extent net exercises are provided for
in the plans or agreements governing such options or warrants),
(iv) any split, combination or reclassification of any
capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any other
securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for
shares of their respective capital stock, (v) (A) any
granting by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any
current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of
the Company or its Subsidiaries of any material increase in
compensation, bonus or fringe or other benefits or any granting
of any type of compensation or benefits to any current or former
director, officer, employee or consultant not previously
receiving or entitled to receive such type of compensation or
benefit, except for normal increases in cash compensation in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or as
was required under any Company Benefit Agreement or Company
Benefit Plan in effect as of the date of the most recent audited
financial statements included in the Filed SEC Documents,
(B) any granting by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to any current or former director, officer, employee or
consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any
right to receive any material increase in severance or
termination pay, or (C) any entry by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries into, or any material amendments of,
(1) any employment, deferred compensation, consulting,
severance, change of control, termination or indemnification
agreement or any other material agreement, plan or policy with
or involving any current or former director, officer, employee
or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
(2) any agreement with any current or former director,
officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries the benefits of which are contingent, or the terms
of which are materially altered, upon the occurrence of a
transaction involving the Company of a nature contemplated by
this Agreement (all such agreements under this clause (C),
collectively, Company Benefit Agreements), except as
required to comply with applicable Legal Provisions,
(D) any adoption of, any material amendment to or any
termination of any Company Benefit Plan, except as required to
comply with applicable Legal Provisions, or (E) any payment
of any benefit under, or the grant of any award under, or any
amendment to, or termination of, any bonus, incentive,
performance or other compensation plan or arrangement, Company
Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan (including in respect
of stock options, phantom stock, stock appreciation
rights, restricted stock, phantom stock rights,
restricted stock units, deferred stock units,

A-11

performance stock units or other stock-based or
stock-related awards or the removal or modification of any
restrictions in any Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit
Plan or awards made thereunder) except as required to comply
with applicable Legal Provisions or any Company Benefit
Agreement or Company Benefit Plan in effect as of the date of
the most recent audited financial statements included in the
Filed SEC Documents, (vi) any damage, destruction or loss,
whether or not covered by insurance, that individually or in the
aggregate has had or could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, (vii) any change in accounting
methods, principles or practices by the Company materially
affecting its assets, liabilities or businesses, except insofar
as may have been required by a change in GAAP, or
(viii) any material tax election or any settlement or
compromise of any material income tax liability.

(h) 
Litigation.
 Except as disclosed
in the Filed SEC Documents, there is no material suit, action or
proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets, nor is there any
material judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any
Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against, or, to
the Knowledge of the Company, investigation by any Governmental
Entity involving, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
of their respective assets.

(i) 
Contracts.
 (i) Except as
disclosed in the Filed SEC Documents, neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, and none of their
respective properties or assets is subject to, any contract or
agreement that is of a nature required to be filed as an exhibit
to a report or filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the
Knowledge of the Company, any third party is in violation in any
material respect of or in default under (nor does there exist
any condition which upon the passage of time or the giving of
notice or both would cause such a violation of or default under)
any material Contract to which it is a party or by which it or
any of its properties or assets is bound.

(ii) Except for Contracts filed in
    unredacted form as exhibits to the Filed SEC Documents,
    Section 3.01(i)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets
    forth a true and complete list as of the date of this Agreement,
    and the Company has made available to Parent prior to the date
    of this Agreement true, complete and correct copies (including
    all amendments, modifications, schedules, exhibits, appendices
    and attachments thereto) of:

(A) all Contracts of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries made in the ordinary course of business having
    an aggregate value, or involving payments by or to the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries, of more than $100,000;

(B) all Contracts with respect to real
    property leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as
    lessee or sublessee;

(C) all Contracts to which the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or that purports to be
    binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, that
    contain a covenant not to compete with any person or business or
    in any area or that restricts in any respect the research,
    development, distribution, training, sale, supply, license,
    marketing or manufacturing of products or services of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(D) all Contracts of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries with any Affiliate, director, officer, employee
    or greater than 5% shareholder of the Company (other than with
    any of the Companys Subsidiaries and other than the
    Company Benefit Agreements);

(E) all Contracts to which the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries is party granting to any third party any
    license to any material property, asset or right;

(F) all confidentiality, standstill or
    similar agreements to which the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party (in the case of confidentiality
    agreements, the primary purpose of which is to protect
    confidential information);

(G) all joint venture, partnership or other
    similar agreements to which the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party;

A-12

(H) all loan agreements, credit agreements,
    notes, debentures, bonds, mortgages, indentures and other
    agreements, leases or instruments of a similar nature
    (collectively, debt obligations) pursuant to which
    any indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
    outstanding or may be incurred and all guarantees of or by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any debt obligations of
    any other person (other than the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries), including the respective aggregate principal
    amounts outstanding as of the date of this Agreement;

(I) all Contracts with the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries that is a prime contract, subcontract, facility
    contract, teaming agreement or arrangement, joint venture, basic
    ordering agreement, pricing agreement, letter contract, purchase
    order, delivery order, change order or other contractual
    arrangement of any kind with (1) a Governmental Entity, (2)
    any prime contractor of a Governmental Entity or (3) any
    subcontractor with respect to any contract of a type described
    in clauses (1) or (2) above (each, a Government
    Contract); and

(J) all Contracts to which the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries is a party relating to the research,
    development, distribution, training, sale, supply, license,
    marketing or manufacturing by third parties of any product of
    the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any product
    licensed by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company.

(iii) None of the Contracts to which the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party relating to the
    research, development, distribution, training in respect of,
    sale, supply, license, marketing or manufacturing by third
    parties of any product of the Company (A) grant an
    exclusive right to such third party for the research,
    development, distribution, supply, license, marketing or
    manufacturing of any such product, (B) grant any royalties
    to such third party or (C) grant to such third party any
    right of first refusal, right of first offer or other
    preferential right with respect to the acquisition, purchase,
    disposition or divestiture of any asset, property, product or
    right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(j) 
Compliance with Laws; Environmental
Matters.
 (i) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
is in compliance in all material respects with all statutes,
laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, judgments, orders and
decrees of any Governmental Entity applicable to it, its
properties or assets or its business or operations
(collectively, Legal Provisions). Each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries has in effect all approvals,
authorizations, certificates, filings, quotas, franchises,
licenses, notices, permits, consents, registrations and rights
of or with all Governmental Entities (collectively,
Permits), including all Permits under the United
States Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as amended (the
FDCA), and the regulations of the Federal Food and
Drug Administration (the FDA) promulgated
thereunder, necessary for it to own, lease or operate its
properties and other assets and to carry on its business and
operations as presently conducted and as currently proposed by
its management to be conducted. There has occurred no default
under, or material violation of, any such Permit. There is no
suit, action or proceeding pending, or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened that alleges a default or material violation
of any such Permit and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there
are no facts which could reasonably be expected to give rise to
a default or material violation of any such Permit. The
consummation of the Merger would not cause the revocation,
cancelation default or violation of any such Permit. To the
Knowledge of the Company, no material action or investigation by
any Governmental Entity and no material suit, action or
proceeding by any other person, in each case with respect to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
properties or assets under any Legal Provision, is pending or
threatened.

(ii) Except for those matters that
    individually or in the aggregate have not had and could not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:

(A) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
    is, and has been, in compliance with all applicable
    Environmental Laws (as defined below), and neither the Company
    nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written
    communication alleging that the Company is or may be in
    violation of, or may have any liability under, any Environmental
    Law;

(B) (1) each of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries validly possesses and is in compliance with all
    material Permits required under Environmental Laws to own, lease
    or operate its properties or

A-13

assets and to carry on its business and
    operations as presently conducted, (2) all such
    environmental Permits are valid and in good standing, and
    (3) neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries has been
    advised by any Governmental Entity of any actual or potential
    change in the status or terms and conditions of any such Permit;

(C) there are no Environmental Claims (as
    defined below) pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
    threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries;

(D) there has been no Release(as defined
    below) or Treatment, Storage and/or Disposal (as defined below)
    of Hazardous Materials (as defined below) that could reasonably
    be expected to form the basis of any Environmental Claim against
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, to the Knowledge of
    the Company, against any person whose liabilities for such
    Environmental Claims the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has,
    or may have, retained or assumed, either contractually or by
    operation of law;

(E) neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has retained or assumed, either contractually or by
    operation of law, any liabilities or obligations that could
    reasonably be expected to form the basis of any Environmental
    Claim against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and

(F) to the Knowledge of the Company, there
    are no facts, circumstances or conditions that could reasonably
    be expected to form the basis for any Environmental Claim
    against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

The term Environmental Claims means
any and all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions,
suits, orders, demands, directives, claims, liens,
investigations, proceedings or written or oral notices of
noncompliance or violation by or from any person alleging
liability of any kind or nature arising out or, based on or
resulting from (y) the presence or Release of, or exposure
to, any Hazardous Material at any location or (z) the
failure to comply with any Environmental Law. The term
Environmental Law means any United States Federal,
state and local or foreign (including those of the United
Kingdom, Northern Ireland and the European Union) laws,
statutes, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders,
decrees, judgments, injunctions, common law, notices, Permits,
treaties or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered
into by or with any Governmental Entity, relating in any way to
pollution, the environment, natural resources or human health
and safety, as all may be amended from time to time. The term
Hazardous Materials means (1) petroleum
products and by-products, asbestos and asbestos-containing
materials, radioactive materials or wastes, urea formaldehyde
foam insulation, medical or infectious wastes, polychlorinated
biphenyls, or ozone-depleting substances; and (2) any other
chemical, material, substance, waste, pollutant or contaminant
that is prohibited, limited or regulated by or pursuant to any
Environmental Law. The term Release means any actual
or threatened release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping,
emitting, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping,
disposing or migrating into or through the environment or within
any building, structure, facility or fixture. The term
Treatment, Storage and/or Disposal means treatment,
storage and/or disposal under Environmental Laws, including
under the Resource Compensation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901
et seq.

(k) 
Absence of Changes in Company Benefit
Plans.
 Except (i) as disclosed in the Filed SEC
Documents or (ii) as required to comply with applicable
Legal Provisions, since the date of the most recent audited
financial statements included in the Filed SEC Documents, there
has not been any adoption or amendment by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries of any collective bargaining agreement or any
employment, bonus, pension, profit sharing, deferred
compensation, incentive compensation, stock ownership, stock
purchase, stock appreciation, restricted stock, stock option,
phantom stock, performance, retirement, thrift,
savings, stock bonus, paid time off, perquisite, fringe benefit,
vacation, severance, disability, death benefit, hospitalization,
medical, welfare benefit or other plan, program, policy,
arrangement or understanding (whether or not legally binding)
maintained, contributed to or required to be maintained or
contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
other person or entity that, together with the Company, is
treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c),
(m) or (o) of the Code or any other substantially
similar Legal Provisions of the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland
and the European Union (each, a Commonly Controlled
Entity), in each case providing benefits to any current or
former director, officer,

A-14

employee or consultant of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries (collectively, excluding collective bargaining
agreements the Company Benefit Plans) other than
immaterial Company Benefit Plans that do not provide benefits to
directors, officers or senior management of the Company, or any
material change in any actuarial or other assumption used to
calculate funding obligations with respect to any Company
Pension Plans, or any change in the manner in which
contributions to any Company Pension Plans are made or the basis
on which such contributions are determined. Except as disclosed
in the Filed SEC Documents, there exist no currently binding
Company Benefit Agreements.

(l) 
Labor Relations.
 There are no
collective bargaining or other labor union agreements to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound. None of the
employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are
represented by any union with respect to their employment by the
Company or such Subsidiary. Since January 1, 1999, neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has experienced any
union organization attempts or work stoppage due to labor
disagreements. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable
statutes, laws, ordinances, rules and regulations relating to
employment and employment practices, occupational safety and
health standards, terms and conditions of employment and wages
and hours, and is not engaged in any unfair labor practice. The
Company has not received written notice of any unfair labor
practice charge or complaint against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries which is pending and, to the Knowledge of the
Company, there is no unfair labor practice charge or complaint
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries threatened before
the National Labor Relations Board or any comparable state or
foreign agency or authority, including any agency or authority
of the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland or the European Union.
There is no labor strike, dispute, request for representation,
slowdown or stoppage actually pending or, to the Knowledge of
the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. To the Knowledge of the Company, no
question concerning representation has been raised or is
threatened with respect to the employees of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. No employment-related grievances that are
individually or in the aggregate reasonably likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect, nor any arbitration proceedings arising
out of collective bargaining agreements, are pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the Filed SEC
Documents, since January 1, 1999, neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in any plant
closing or mass layoff, as defined in the
Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act, or engaged in
any similar activities for purposes of any comparable state or
local law or the laws of foreign jurisdictions, including the
United Kingdom, Northern Ireland and the European Union, in each
case without complying in all material respects with the notice
requirements and other applicable provisions of such laws.

(m) 
ERISA Compliance.

(i) Section 3.01(m)(i) of the Company Disclosure
Letter contains a true, complete and correct list of each
Company Benefit Plan that is an employee pension benefit
plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
(ERISA)) (sometimes referred to herein as a
Company Pension Plan), each Company Benefit Plan
that is an employee welfare benefit plan (as defined
in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and all other Company Benefit
Plans. The Company has made available to Parent true, complete
and correct copies of (A) each Company Benefit Plan (or, in
the case of any unwritten Company Benefit Plans, descriptions
thereof), (B) the two most recent annual reports on
Form 5500 required to be filed with the Internal Revenue
Service (the IRS) with respect to each Company
Benefit Plan (if any such report was required), (C) the
most recent summary plan description for each Company Benefit
Plan for which such summary plan description is required and
(D) each trust agreement and insurance or group annuity
contract relating to any Company Benefit Plan, if any. Each
Company Benefit Plan has been administered in all material
respects in accordance with its terms. The Company, its
Subsidiaries and all the Company Benefit Plans are all in
compliance in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other applicable laws
relating to the Company Benefit Plans, including laws of foreign
jurisdictions (including the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland
and the European Union) relating to the Company Benefit Plans,
and the terms of all collective bargaining agreements.

(ii) All Company Pension Plans intended to
    be tax-qualified (other than any Company Multiemployer Pension
    Plan) have received favorable determination letters from the IRS
    with respect to TRA

A-15

    (as defined in Section 1 of Rev. Proc. 93-39), and have
    timely filed with the IRS determination letter applications with
    respect to GUST (as defined in Section 1 of
    Notice 2001-42), to the effect that such Company Pension Plans
    are qualified and exempt from Federal income taxes under
    Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, no such
    determination letter has been revoked (or, to the Knowledge of
    the Company, has revocation been threatened) and, to the
    Knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred since the date
    of the most recent determination letter or application therefor
    relating to any such Company Pension Plan that would materially
    adversely affect the qualification of such Company Pension Plan
    or materially increase the costs relating thereto or require
    security under Section 307 of ERISA. All Company Pension
    Plans required by applicable law to have been approved by any
    foreign Governmental Entity, including any Governmental Entity
    of the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland or the European Union,
    have been so approved, no such approval has been revoked (or, to
    the Knowledge of the Company, has revocation been threatened)
    and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred
    since the date of the most recent approval or application
    therefor relating to any such Company Pension Plan that would
    materially affect any such approval relating thereto or
    materially increase the costs relating thereto. The Company has
    made available to Parent a true, complete and correct copy of
    the most recent determination letter received with respect to
    each Company Pension Plan, if any, as well as a true, complete
    and correct copy of each pending application for a determination
    letter, if any. The Company has also made available to Parent a
    true, complete and correct list of all amendments to any Company
    Pension Plan as to which a favorable determination letter has
    not yet been received.

    (iii) No Company Pension Plan, other than any Company
    Pension Plan that is a multiemployer plan within the
    meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA (a Company
    Multiemployer Pension Plan) is subject to Section 412 of
    the Code or Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA. No liability
    under Title IV of ERISA which has not been satisfied in full has
    been or is reasonably expected to be incurred by the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing, frozen or
    terminated single-employer plan (within the meaning
    of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA) or Company Multiemployer
    Pension Plan, in each case currently or formerly maintained or
    contributed to (or required to be maintained or contributed to)
    by any of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any Commonly
    Controlled Entity. Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has incurred a complete withdrawal or a
    partial withdrawal (as such terms are defined in
    Sections 4203 and 4205, respectively, of ERISA) since the
    effective date of such Sections 4203 and 4205 with respect
    to any Company Multiemployer Pension Plan.

    (iv) Except as would not give rise to any material
    liability, all material reports, returns and similar documents
    with respect to all Company Benefit Plans required to be filed
    with any Governmental Entity or distributed to any Company
    Benefit Plan participant have been duly and timely filed or
    distributed. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
    received written notice of, and to the Knowledge of the Company,
    there are no investigations by any Governmental Entity with
    respect to, termination proceedings or other claims (except
    claims for benefits payable in the normal operation of the
    Company Benefit Plans), suits or proceedings against or
    involving any Company Benefit Plan or asserting any rights or
    claims to benefits under any Company Benefit Plan that could
    reasonably be expected to give rise to any material liability,
    and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there are not any facts
    that could give rise to any material liability in the event of
    any such investigation, claim, suit or proceeding.

    (v) Except as would not give rise to any material
    liability, all contributions, premiums and benefit payments
    under or in connection with the Company Benefit Plans that are
    required to have been made as of the date hereof in accordance
    with the terms of the Company Benefit Plans have been timely
    made or have been reflected on the most recent consolidated
    balance sheet filed or incorporated by reference into the Filed
    SEC Documents.

    (vi) With respect to each Company Benefit Plan,
    (A) there has not occurred any prohibited transaction
    (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or
    Section 4975 of the Code) in which the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees, or, to
    the Knowledge of the Company, any trustee, administrator or
    other fiduciary of such Company Benefit Plan, or, to the
    Knowledge of the Company, any agent of the foregoing, has
    engaged that could subject the Company or

A-16

any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
    respective employees, or a trustee, administrator or other
    fiduciary of any trust created under any Company Benefit Plan,
    to a material tax or penalty on prohibited transactions imposed
    by Section 4975 of the Code or sanction imposed under Title
    I of ERISA and (B) neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any trustee,
    administrator or other fiduciary of any Company Benefit Plan nor
    any agent of any of the foregoing, has engaged in any
    transaction or acted in a manner, or failed to act in any
    manner, that could reasonably be expected to subject the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
    any trustee, administrator or other fiduciary, to any liability
    for breach of fiduciary duty under ERISA or any material
    liability for breach of fiduciary duty under any other
    applicable law. No Company Benefit Plan or related trust has
    been terminated, nor has there been any reportable
    event (as that term is defined in Section 4043 of
    ERISA) for which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been
    waived with respect to any Company Benefit Plan during the last
    five years.

(vii) Section 3.01(m)(vii) of the
    Company Disclosure Letter discloses whether each Company Benefit
    Plan that is an employee welfare benefit plan is
    (A) unfunded or self-insured, (B) funded through a
    welfare benefit fund, as such term is defined in
    Section 419(e) of the Code, or other funding mechanism or
    (C) insured. Each such employee welfare benefit plan may be
    amended or terminated (including with respect to benefits
    provided to retirees and other former employees) without
    material liability to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at
    any time after the Effective Time. Each of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries complies in all material respects with the
    applicable requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the Code or
    any similar state statute with respect to each Company Benefit
    Plan that is a group health plan, as such term is defined in
    Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code or such state statute.
    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material
    obligations for retiree health, dental or life insurance
    benefits under any Company Benefit Plan (other than (i) for
    continuation coverage required under Section 4980(f) of the
    Code, (ii) death or retirement benefits under any Company
    Pension Plan or (iii) benefits, the full cost of which,
    including any cost to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is
    payable by current or former employees or directors (or their
    beneficiaries)).

(viii) None of the execution and delivery of
    this Agreement, the obtaining of the Stockholder Approval or the
    consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated
    by this Agreement (including as a result of any termination of
    employment on or following the Effective Time) will
    (A) entitle any current or former director, officer,
    employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    to severance or termination pay, (B) accelerate the time of
    payment or vesting, or trigger any payment or funding (through a
    grantor trust or otherwise) of, compensation or benefits under,
    increase the amount payable or trigger any other material
    obligation pursuant to, any Company Benefit Plan or Company
    Benefit Agreement or (C) result in any breach or violation
    of, or a default under, any Company Benefit Plan or Company
    Benefit Agreement.

(ix) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has any material liability or obligations,
    including under or on account of a Company Benefit Plan, arising
    out of the hiring of persons to provide services to the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries and treating such persons as
    consultants or independent contractors and not as employees of
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(x) No deduction by the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries in respect of any applicable employee
    remuneration (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of
    the Code) has been disallowed or is subject to disallowance by
    reason of Section 162(m) of the Code.

(n) 
No Excess Parachute Payments.

Other than payments or benefits that may be made to the persons
listed in Section 3.01(n) of the Company Disclosure Letter
(Primary Company Executives), no amount or other
entitlement or economic benefit that could be received (whether
in cash or property or the vesting of property) as a result of
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the obtaining of
the Stockholder Approval, the consummation of the Merger or any
other transaction contemplated by this Agreement (including as a
result of termination of employment on or following the
Effective Time) by or for the benefit of any director, officer,
employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Affiliates
who is a disqualified individual (as such term is
defined in the 1989 proposed Treasury
Regulation Section 1.280G-1) under any

A-17

Company Benefit Plan, Company Benefit Agreement or otherwise
would be characterized as an excess parachute
payment (as such term is defined in
Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code), and no disqualified
individual is entitled to receive any additional payment from
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Surviving
Corporation or any other person in the event that the excise tax
required by Section 4999(a) of the Code is imposed on such
disqualified individual (a Parachute Gross Up
Payment). Section 3.01(n) of the Company Disclosure Letter
sets forth, calculated as of the date of this Agreement,
(i) a good faith estimate of the base amount
(as such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code)
for each Primary Company Executive and each other disqualified
individual (defined as set forth above) whose Company Stock
Options will vest pursuant to their terms in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the obtaining of the
Stockholder Approval, the consummation of the Merger or any
other transaction contemplated by this Agreement (including as a
result of any termination of employment on or following the
Effective Time) and (ii) the estimated maximum amount that
could be paid or provided to each Primary Company Executive as a
result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
obtaining of the Stockholder Approval, the consummation of the
Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement
(including as a result of any termination of employment on or
following the Effective Time).

(o) 
Taxes. 
(i) Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries and each Company Consolidated Group has filed or
has caused to be filed all material tax returns required to be
filed by it, and all such returns are complete and accurate in
all material respects. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
and each Company Consolidated Group has paid or caused to be
paid (or the Company has paid on its behalf) all material taxes
due and owing, and the most recent financial statements
contained in the Filed SEC Documents reflect an adequate reserve
(excluding any reserves for deferred taxes) for all material
taxes payable by the Company and its Subsidiaries for all
taxable periods and portions thereof accrued through the date of
such financial statements.

    (ii) No deficiencies, audit examinations, refund
    litigation, proposed adjustments or matters in controversy for
    any taxes have been proposed, asserted or assessed in writing
    against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Company
    Consolidated Group which have not been settled and paid. All
    assessments for taxes due and owing by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries or any Company Consolidated Group with respect to
    completed and settled examinations or concluded litigation have
    been paid. There is no currently effective agreement or other
    document with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    extending, or having the effect of extending, the period of
    assessment or collection of any taxes.

    (iii) None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will
    be required to include in a taxable period ending after the
    Effective Time taxable income attributable to income that
    accrued in a prior taxable period but was not recognized for tax
    purposes in any prior taxable period as a result of the
    installment method of accounting, the completed contract method
    of accounting, the long-term contract method of accounting, the
    cash method of accounting or Section 481 of the Code or
    comparable provisions of United States Federal, state, local or
    United Kingdom, Northern Ireland or other European Union or
    other non-United States tax law.

    (iv) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
    constituted either a distributing corporation or a
    controlled corporation in a distribution of stock
    qualifying for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the
    Code (A) in the two years prior to the date of this
    Agreement or (B) which could otherwise constitute part of a
    plan or series of related transactions
    (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in
    conjunction with the Merger.

    (v) The Company and its Subsidiaries have complied in all
    material respects with all applicable statutes, laws,
    ordinances, rules and regulations relating to the payment and
    withholding of taxes (including withholding of taxes pursuant to
    Sections 1441, 1442, 3121 and 3402 of the Code and similar
    provisions under any United States Federal, state or local or
    United Kingdom, Northern Ireland or other European Union or
    other non-United States tax laws) and have, within the time and
    the manner prescribed by law, withheld from and paid over to the
    proper Governmental Entities all material taxes required to be
    so withheld and paid over under applicable laws.

A-18

(vi) None of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries was, at any time during a period specified in
    Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code, a United States
    real property holding corporation within the meaning of
    Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.

(vii) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries (A) is a party to any tax sharing, allocation
    or indemnification agreement other than an agreement exclusively
    among the Company or its Subsidiaries, or (B) has any
    liability for the taxes of any person (other than the Company or
    its Subsidiaries) under Treasury
    Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any similar provision
    of state, local or United Kingdom, Northern Ireland or other
    European Union or other non-United States tax law.

(viii) As used in this Agreement, (A) a
    tax or taxes shall mean all United
    States Federal, state or local or United Kingdom, Northern
    Ireland or other European Union or other non-United States
    income, property, sales, excise and other taxes and similar
    governmental charges, including any interest, penalties and
    additions with respect thereto imposed by any Governmental
    Entity, (B) tax return shall mean any United States
    Federal, state or local or United Kingdom, Northern Ireland or
    other European Union or other non-United States and other
    applicable return, declaration, report, claim for refund,
    information return or similar statement required to be filed by
    or with a Governmental Entity with respect to any tax, and (C)
    Company Consolidated Group shall mean any affiliated
    group within the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Code, in
    which the Company (or any Subsidiary of the Company) is or has
    ever been a member or any group of corporations with which the
    Company files, has filed or is or was required to file an
    affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or aggregate tax
    return.

(p) 
Title to Properties.

(i) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good and
marketable title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its
real property and personal property except for such as are no
longer used or useful in the conduct of its business or as have
been disposed of in the ordinary course of business and except
for defects in title, easements, restrictive covenants and
similar encumbrances that individually or in the aggregate have
not materially interfered with, and could not reasonably be
expected to materially interfere with, its ability to conduct
its business as presently conducted and as currently proposed by
its management to be conducted. All such real property and
personal property, other than real property and personal
property in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has a
leasehold interest, are free and clear of all Liens, except for
Liens that individually or in the aggregate have not materially
interfered with, and could not reasonably be expected to
materially interfere with, the ability of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries to conduct their respective businesses as
presently conducted and as currently proposed by its management
to be conducted.

(ii) Each of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, each third
    party has complied in all material respects with the terms of
    all leases to which the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is a
    party and under which it is in occupancy, and all such leases
    are in full force and effect. Each of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries enjoys peaceful and undisturbed possession under
    all such leases in all material respects. Neither the Company
    nor any of its Subsidiaries has received a written notice from
    any third party of a fact that could reasonably be expected to
    be materially detrimental to the continued enjoyment by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries of its peaceful and
    undisturbed possession under all leases to which it is a party
    and under which it is in occupancy.

(q) 
Intellectual Property.

(i) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries exclusively
owns all rights, title and interest in, to and under, or is
validly licensed or otherwise has the exclusive right
(A) to use (without any obligation to make any fixed or
contingent payments, including royalty payments) all patents,
patent applications, trademarks, trademark registrations and
applications, trademark rights, tradenames, tradename
registrations and applications, tradename rights, domain names,
service marks, service mark registrations and applications,
service mark rights, copyrights, copyright registrations and
applications, software, technical know-how, trade secrets and
other proprietary intellectual property rights and computer
programs (collectively, Intellectual Property
Rights) listed on Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, and (B) to make, use, sell, offer for
sale, import and/or export the products, methods, processes,
compositions, compounds, devices, articles of manufacture and
subject matter covered by or embodied under such Intellectual
Property Rights listed on Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the
Company Disclosure Letter, in each case free and clear of all
Liens. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable
title in, to and under those

A-19

certain Intellectual Property Rights listed on
Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter that
are owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

    (ii) Neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
    been notified or has Knowledge of any pending or threatened
    claims, disputes, charges, conflicts, actions, allegations or
    challenges that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
    infringing or violating or has infringed or violated or will
    infringe or violate (including with respect to the manufacture,
    use, sale, offer for sale, importation or exportation by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries of their respective products,
    methods, processes, compositions, compounds, devices or articles
    of manufacture) any material Intellectual Property Right of any
    other person. To the Knowledge of the Company, no person or
    persons are infringing or violating or have infringed or
    violated or will infringe or violate the rights of the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Intellectual
    Property Right listed on Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company
    Disclosure Letter.

    (iii) No claims, disputes, charges, conflicts, actions,
    allegations or challenges are pending or, to the Knowledge of
    the Company, threatened with regard to (A) the ownership by
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any of their
    respective Intellectual Property Rights listed on
    Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter that
    are owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
    (B) the licenses for the Intellectual Property Rights
    listed on Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company Disclosure
    Letter that are licensed to the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries.

    (iv) Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company Disclosure
    Letter sets forth, as of the date hereof, a true, complete and
    correct list (by category) of all patents, trademarks, service
    marks, design rights, utility models, copyrights and tradenames
    and all applications for patents, trademarks, service marks,
    copyrights and tradenames owned by or licensed to the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries that are material to the conduct of the
    business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole
    (other than software licenses for generally available software).
    The patent applications listed in Section 3.01(q)(iv) of
    the Company Disclosure Letter are pending and have not been
    abandoned, and have been and continue to be prosecuted by
    competent patent counsel in a diligent manner. All patents,
    trademarks, service marks, copyrights purported to be registered
    by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, tradenames and
    applications therefor owned by or licensed to the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries have been duly registered and/or filed with
    or issued by each appropriate Governmental Entity in the
    jurisdiction indicated in Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the
    Company Disclosure Letter, all necessary affidavits of
    continuing use have been filed, and all necessary maintenance
    fees have been timely paid to continue all such rights in
    effect. None of the patents, registered designs or utility
    models listed in Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company
    Disclosure Letter has expired or has been declared invalid or
    unenforceable, in whole or in part, by any Governmental Entity.
    To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no ongoing
    interferences, oppositions, reissues, reexaminations,
    cancellations, challenges or other proceedings involving any of
    the Intellectual Property Rights listed in
    Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
    including ex parte and post-grant proceedings, in the United
    States Patent and Trademark Office or in any foreign patent
    office, similar administrative agency or court. To the Knowledge
    of the Company, there are no published patents, patent
    applications, articles, prior art references or other factors or
    circumstances that could affect the validity or enforceability
    of any of the Intellectual Property Rights listed in
    Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter. To
    the Knowledge of the Company, each of the patents and patent
    applications listed in Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company
    Disclosure Letter properly identifies each and every inventor of
    the claims thereof as determined in accordance with the laws of
    the jurisdiction in which such patent is issued or such patent
    application is pending. Each person who has or has had any
    rights in or to the Intellectual Property Rights listed on
    Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter that
    are owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries, including, each
    inventor named on the patents and patent applications listed in
    Section 3.01(q)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter, has
    executed an agreement assigning his, her or its entire right,
    title and interest in and to such Intellectual Property Rights,
    and the inventions embodied, described and/or claimed therein,
    to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company. To the Knowledge
    of the Company, no such person has any contractual or other
    obligation that would preclude or conflict with any such
    assignment or otherwise conflict with the

A-20

obligations of such person to the Company or such
    Subsidiary under such agreement with the Company or such
    Subsidiary.

(v) Section 3.01(q)(v)(A) of the
    Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true, complete and
    correct list of all options, rights, licenses, assignments
    (other than assignments from inventors to the Company or its
    Subsidiaries) or interests of any kind concerning the
    Intellectual Property Rights that are material to the conduct of
    the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
    whole, (i) granted to or owned by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries, other than software licenses for generally
    available software, or (ii) granted by the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries to any other person.
    Section 3.01(q)(v)(B) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets
    forth a true, complete and correct list of those options,
    rights, licenses, assignments or interests listed on
    Section 3.01(q)(v)(A) of the Company Disclosure Letter that
    are terminable by the licensor or grantor solely upon the giving
    of notice of 18 months or less.

(vi) No material trade secret of the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries has been published or disclosed by
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of
    the Company, by any other person to any person except pursuant
    to Contracts requiring such other persons to keep such trade
    secrets confidential.

(vii) None of the execution and delivery of
    this Agreement, the obtaining of the Stockholder Approval or the
    consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated
    by this Agreement will (A) entitle any third party to any
    royalty or other payment under any Intellectual Property Right
    of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries solely as a result of
    the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the obtaining of
    the Stockholder Approval and the other transactions contemplated
    by this Agreement, (B) accelerate the time of any royalty
    or other payment or trigger any royalty or other payment,
    increase the amount of any royalty or other payment or trigger
    any other obligation under any Intellectual Property Right of
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries listed in
    Section 3.01(q)(v) of the Company Disclosure Letter or
    (C) terminate, or give rise to the right to terminate, any
    Contract concerning the Intellectual Property Rights of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries listed in
    Section 3.01(q)(v) of the Company Disclosure Letter.

(r) 
Voting Requirements.
 The
affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Company Voting Common Stock at the Stockholders
Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof to adopt this
Agreement (the Stockholder Approval) is the only
vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of
the Company necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the
transactions contemplated hereby.

(s) 
State Takeover Statutes.
 The
Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously approved the
terms of this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and such
approval represents all the action necessary to render
inapplicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the provisions of
Section 203 of the DGCL (Section 203) to
the extent, if any, Section 203 would otherwise be
applicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No other state
takeover statute or similar statute or regulation, including
those of the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland and the European
Union, applies or purports to apply to this Agreement, the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(t) 
Brokers and Other Advisors.
 No
broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person,
other than Gerard Klauer Mattison & Co., the fees and
expenses of which will be paid by the Company, is entitled to
any brokers, finders, financial advisors or
other similar fee or commission in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company. No broker,
investment banker, financial advisor or other person, other than
Gerard Klauer Mattison & Co. provided substantive services
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the
Merger, the negotiation and execution of this Agreement or any
of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company has
delivered to Parent true, complete and correct copies of all
agreements under which any such fees or

A-21

expenses are payable and all indemnification and
other agreements related to the engagement of the persons to
whom such fees are payable.

(u) 
Opinion of Financial Advisor.
 The
Company has received the opinion of Gerard Klauer Mattison &
Co., dated the date hereof, to the effect that, as of such date,
the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of shares of Company Common Stock, a signed
copy of which opinion has been delivered to Parent.

(v) 
Rights Agreement.
 The Company is
not party to or legally bound by any agreement, plan or
arrangement (a Rights Agreement) whereby, upon the
acquisition of beneficial ownership of a specified percentage of
any class of the Companys capital stock by a person or
group (an Acquiring Person), whether with or without
the approval of such acquisition by the Board of Directors of
the Company or any committee or subgroup thereof, the
stockholders of the Company, except for the Acquiring Person,
receive rights to or otherwise become entitled to receive or
purchase (i) shares of a class of capital stock of the
Company having rights, preferences or qualifications that are
different from the rights, preferences or qualifications of the
class of capital stock acquired by the Acquiring Person,
(ii) shares of a class of capital stock of the Company for
less than fair market value, (iii) shares of a class of
capital stock of any person that is the successor entity of the
Company in a merger, consolidation or similar transaction with
the Company for less than fair market value or (iv) any
other rights that if exercised would have the effect of diluting
the economic or voting interests of the Acquiring Person (any of
the rights described in clauses (i)-(iv) are referred to herein
as Rights).

(w) 
Regulatory Compliance.

(i) As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the
FDA under the FDCA, as amended, and the regulations thereunder
and the Public Health Services Act, as amended
(PHSA) and the regulations thereunder or similar
Legal Provisions, each product subject to the jurisdiction of
the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) under the
Controlled Substances Act, as amended, or similar Legal
Provisions, and Controlled Substances Import and Export Act, as
amended (CSA) and the regulations thereunder or
similar Legal Provisions (each such product, a
Pharmaceutical Product) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/ or marketed by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Pharmaceutical
Product licensed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
any licensee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a
Product Licensee), such Pharmaceutical Product is
being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold
and/ or marketed by the Company, its Subsidiaries and each
Product Licensee in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable requirements under FDCA, PHSA, CSA and similar Legal
Provisions, including those relating to registration,
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, application
approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory
practices, good clinical practices, product listing quotas,
labeling, advertising, record keeping, filing of reports and
security. None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
Product Licensee has received any notice, warning letter or
other communication from the FDA, DEA, or any other Governmental
Entity (A) contesting the premarket clearance, licensure,
registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of,
the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, sale of,
controlled substance scheduling of and quotas for, or the
labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product or
(B) otherwise alleging any violation of any Legal Provision
by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any Product Licensee.

(ii) Except as disclosed in the Filed SEC
    Documents, no Pharmaceutical Products of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries or Pharmaceutical Products which are licensed
    by the Company to any Product Licensee have been recalled,
    replaced or suspended or, at the direction of any Governmental
    Entity, withdrawn or discontinued, nor have any registrations
    from a Governmental Entity, including any DEA registrations,
    been terminated by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
    Product Licensee in the United States or outside the United
    States (whether voluntarily or otherwise). To the Knowledge of
    the Company, there are no completed or pending efforts to impose
    a clinical hold on any clinical investigation, proceedings
    seeking the recall, withdrawal, replacement, suspension or
    seizure of any such Pharmaceutical Product, or proceedings
    seeking the suspension or revocation of any registrations from a
    Governmental Entity (including any DEA registrations), including
    an order to show cause against the Company, any of its
    Subsidiaries or any Product Licensee, nor have any such efforts
    or proceedings been pending at any prior time.

A-22

    (iii) As to each Pharmaceutical Product of the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries for which a human biological license
    application, human establishment license application, human
    product license application, new human drug application,
    investigational new human drug application, abbreviated or
    supplemental new human drug application, or abbreviated or
    supplemental new animal drug application, new animal drug
    application, registration or quota issued by the DEA, or similar
    state or foreign regulatory application has been approved, the
    Company, its Subsidiaries and each Product Licensee are in
    compliance in all material respects with 21 U.S.C. sec.
    355, 360b, 42 U.S.C. sec.  351, and 21 U.S.C.
    sec. 822, and 21 C.F.R. Parts 312, 314, 511, 514,
    601, and 1301 et seq., respectively, and similar Legal
    Provisions and all terms and conditions of such applications. As
    to each such application or other submission that the Company,
    its Subsidiaries or a Product Licensee has submitted to, but not
    yet gained approval or other permission from the FDA, DEA or any
    other Governmental Entity, the Company, its Subsidiaries and
    each Product Licensee has responded to all requests for
    information fully in accordance with such requests and taken all
    additional actions reasonably required by the FDA, DEA or such
    other Governmental Entity in connection with the application or
    submission. To the Companys Knowledge, there are no facts
    or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to delay, in
    any material respect, or prevent approval of any pending
    applications or other submissions to the FDA, DEA or any other
    Governmental Entity. As to each such Pharmaceutical Product, the
    Company, its Subsidiaries and each Product Licensee and the
    officers, employees or agents of the Company, its Subsidiaries
    and each Product Licensee have included in the application for
    such Pharmaceutical Product, where required, the certification
    described in 21 U.S.C. sec. 335a(k)(1) and similar
    Legal Provisions and the list described in 21 U.S.C.
    sec. 335a(k)(2) and similar Legal Provisions, and such
    certification and such list was in each case true and accurate
    when made and remained true and accurate thereafter. In
    addition, the Company, its Subsidiaries and each Product
    Licensee are in material compliance with all applicable
    registration and listing requirements set forth in
    21 U.S.C. sec. 360 and 21 C.F.R. Part 207
    and similar Legal Provisions.

    (iv) Each article of any Pharmaceutical Product
    manufactured and released and/or distributed by the Company, any
    of its Subsidiaries and any Product Licensee is not adulterated
    within the meaning of 21 U.S.C. sec. 351 (or similar
    Legal Provisions) or misbranded within the meaning of
    21 U.S.C. sec. 352 (or similar Legal Provisions).

    (v) None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or, to
    the Knowledge of the Company, any Product Licensee or any
    officer, employee or agent of the Company, any of its
    Subsidiaries or any Product Licensee has made any untrue
    statement of a material fact or fraudulent statement to the FDA
    or other Governmental Entity, failed to disclose a fact required
    to be disclosed to the FDA or any other Governmental Entity, or
    committed an act, made a statement, or failed to make a
    statement that, at the time such disclosure was made, could
    reasonably be expected to provide a basis for the FDA or any
    other Governmental Entity to invoke its policy respecting
    Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and
    Illegal Gratuities, set forth in 56 Fed.
    Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) or any similar policy.
    None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the
    Knowledge of the Company, any Product Licensee or any officer,
    employee or agent of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
    Product Licensee has been convicted of any crime or engaged in
    any conduct for which debarment is mandated by 21 U.S.C.
    sec. 335a(a) or other similar Legal Provisions or
    authorized by 21 U.S.C. sec. 335a(b) or any similar
    Legal Provisions.

    (vi) None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
    Product Licensee has received any written notice that the FDA or
    any other Governmental Entity has commenced, or threatened to
    initiate, any action, including lawsuits, arbitrations, or legal
    or administrative or regulatory proceedings, charges,
    complaints, or investigations (other than routine governmental
    inspections or similar activities), nor are there any completed
    or pending efforts to withdraw its approval of, request the
    recall of, suspension of, seizure of, change the quotas for
    controlled substances, or change the controlled substances
    schedules of any Pharmaceutical Product of the Company, any of
    its Subsidiaries or any Product Licensee, or commenced, or
    threatened to initiate, any action to impose a clinical hold on
    any clinical investigation by the Company, any of its
    Subsidiaries or any Product Licensee, withdraw advertising or
    sales promotion materials, or any action to enjoin production
    at, or suspend or revoke the DEA registration or any facility

A-23

    of, or enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with
    the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or a Product Licensee.

    (vii) The Company, each of its Subsidiaries and each
    Product Licensee are in material compliance with and are not in
    violation in any material respect of, all applicable laws, rules
    and regulations regarding the conduct of pre-clinical and
    clinical investigations, including, good laboratory practices,
    good clinical practices, investigational new drug requirements
    regarding informed consent and institutional review boards
    designed to ensure the protection of the rights and welfare of
    human subjects, including, the requirements provided in
    21 C.F.R. Parts 50, 56, 58 and 312. Each clinical
    trial with respect to Pharmaceutical Products of the Company,
    each of its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of the Company,
    each Product Licensee has been conducted in accordance with its
    clinical trial protocol in all material respects and the
    Company, one of its Subsidiaries or a Product Licensee has filed
    all required notices (and made available to Parent copies
    thereof) of adverse drug experiences, injuries or deaths
    relating to clinical trials of such Pharmaceutical Products, and
    the Company, one of its Subsidiaries or a Product Licensee has
    filed all required notices of any such occurrence.

    (viii) The Company, one of its Subsidiaries or a Product
    Licensee is authorized to sell Pharmaceutical Products in each
    of the countries in which such Pharmaceutical Products are
    currently being sold and all permits necessary for such sale are
    held by the Company, one of its Subsidiaries or a Product
    Licensee. To the extent that any biological drugs or other drug
    is intended for export from the United States, each of the
    Company, its Subsidiaries and each Product Licensee is in
    compliance in all material respects with all of the requirements
    in 21 U.S.C. sec. 381(e) or sec. 382, and the
    Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C.
    sec. 951, et. seq.).

    (ix) All manufacturing, warehousing, distributing, and
    testing operations conducted by or for the benefit of the
    Company, its Subsidiaries and each Product Licensee are not in
    violation of and have been and are being conducted in material
    compliance with the good manufacturing practice regulations set
    forth in 21 C.F.R. Parts 210 and 211 and similar Legal
    Provisions.

    (x) No person has filed a claim for loss or potential loss
    under any indemnity covering participants in clinical trials of
    Pharmaceutical Products of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any
    Product Licensee.

    (xi) No material modifications to the process by which
    Pharmaceutical Products of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
    or any Product Licensee that are being produced for use in
    clinical trials will be necessary in order to manufacture
    commercial quantities of such Pharmaceutical Products.

    (xii) The Company and its Subsidiaries do not manufacture,
    sell or distribute, and have not developed and are not currently
    developing any veterinary biological products or
    radiopharmaceuticals.

    (xiii) The Company has provided or made available to Parent
    all documents in its possession, the possession of its
    Subsidiaries or the possession of any Product Licensee
    concerning communication to or from the FDA, DEA or other
    Governmental Entity or prepared by the FDA, DEA or other
    Governmental Entity which bear in any material respect on
    compliance with the FDA, DEA or such other Governmental
    Entitys regulatory requirements, including but not limited
    to, any deficiency letter, warning letter, non-approvable
    letter/ order, withdrawal letter/ order, or similar
    communications.

    (xiv) The Company, its Subsidiaries and each Product
    Licensee are not in violation of and are in material compliance
    with all applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding the
    manufacture, analysis, distribution and investigation of
    controlled substances including the requirements provided by
    21 U.S.C. sec. 801, et. seq., and 21 C.F.R.
    sec. 1300 et. seq.

(x) 
Unlawful Payments.
 None of the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries, or any officer, director, employee, agent or
representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
made, directly or indirectly, any bribe or kickback, illegal
political contribution, payment from corporate funds which was
incorrectly recorded on the books and records of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, unlawful payment from corporate funds
to governmental or municipal officials in their individual
capacities for the purpose of affecting their action or the
actions of the jurisdiction which they represent to obtain
favorable treatment in securing

A-24

business or licenses or to obtain special
concessions of any kind whatsoever, or illegal payment from
corporate funds to obtain or retain any business.

(y) 
Warrants.
 No holder of a Warrant
has exercised, and no such holder has notified the Company that
it intends to exercise, any rights which could entitle such
holder to receive, upon exercise of a Warrant, consideration in
respect of each Common Share subject to such Warrant that is
greater than the Merger Consideration minus the exercise price
in respect of each Common Share subject to such Warrant that is
payable upon the exercise of such Warrant. All Warrants may, by
their terms, be canceled in exchange for a lump sum cash payment
in accordance with and to the extent required by
Section 3.01(y) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

(z) 
Government Contracts.
 (i) To
the Knowledge of the Company, none of the employees, consultants
or agents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or during
the last six years has been (except as to routine security
investigations) under administrative, civil or criminal
investigation, indictment or information by any Governmental
Entity. There is no pending, and during the last six years there
has been no, audit or investigation by a Governmental Entity
with respect to any alleged improper activity, misstatement or
omission arising under or relating to a Government Contract.
During the last six years, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has conducted or initiated any internal
investigation, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, has had
reason to conduct, initiate or report any internal
investigation, or has made a voluntary disclosure with respect
to any alleged improper activity, misstatement or omission
arising under or relating to a Government Contract. None of the
Company, its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company,
any of their respective employees, consultants or agents has
made any intentional misstatement or omission in connection with
any voluntary disclosure that has led or is expected to lead,
either before or after the Closing Date, to any of the
consequences set forth the immediately preceding two sentences
or any other material damage, penalty assessment, recoupment of
payment or disallowance of cost.

(ii) To the Knowledge of the Company, there
    are (A) no outstanding material claims against the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries by a Governmental Entity or by any
    prime contractor, subcontractor, vendor or other third party
    arising under or relating to any Government Contract and
    (B) no disputes between the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries and a Governmental Entity under the Contract
    Disputes Act or similar Legal Provisions or between the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries and any prime contractor,
    subcontractor or vendor arising under or relating to any
    Government Contract. No event, condition or omission has
    occurred that would constitute grounds for a material claim or a
    dispute under clauses (A) or (B). Neither the Company nor
    any of its Subsidiaries has an interest in any pending or
    potential claim under the Contract Disputes Act or similar Legal
    Provisions against a Governmental Entity or any prime
    contractor, subcontractor or vendor arising under or relating to
    any Government Contract.

(iii) None of the Company, its Subsidiaries
    nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective
    employees, consultants or agents is (or during the last six
    years has been) suspended or debarred from doing business with a
    Governmental Entity or is (or during such period was) the
    subject of a finding of non-responsibility or ineligibility for
    contracting with a Governmental Entity.

(iv) All material test and inspection
    results that the Company or its Subsidiaries have provided to a
    Governmental Entity or any other entity pursuant to a Government
    Contract or as a part of the delivery to a Governmental Entity
    pursuant to a Government Contract of any article designed,
    engineered or manufactured by the Company or its Subsidiaries
    were complete and correct in all material respects. Either the
    Company or one of its Subsidiaries has provided all material
    test and inspection results to the relevant Governmental Entity
    pursuant to each Government Contract as required by applicable
    Legal Provisions and the terms of the applicable Government
    Contract.

(v) With respect to each Government Contract
    (A) the Company or one of its Subsidiaries has complied in
    all material respects with the terms and conditions of such
    Government Contract; (B) the Company or one of its
    Subsidiaries has complied with all material requirements of all
    applicable Legal Provisions pertaining to such Government
    Contract; (C) all material representations and
    certifications set forth in or pertaining to such Government
    Contract were current, complete and correct as of their

A-25

effective date, and the Company or one of its
    Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with all such
    representations and certifications; (D) no Governmental
    Entity nor any prime contractor, subcontractor or other entity
    has notified the Company or its Subsidiaries in writing that the
    Company or its Subsidiaries has breached or violated any
    material Legal Provisions pertaining to such Government
    Contract; (E) no termination for convenience, termination
    for default, cure notice or show cause notice is currently in
    effect pertaining to such Government Contract and, no event,
    condition or omission has occurred or exists that would
    constitute grounds to any such action; (F) no cost incurred
    by the Company or its Subsidiaries pertaining to such Government
    Contract is the subject of any investigation or has been
    disallowed by the relevant Governmental Entity; (G) no
    money due to the Company or its Subsidiaries pursuant to such
    Government Contract has been withheld or set off and
    (H) such Government Contract is valid and subsisting.

SECTION
3.02.     
Representations and
Warranties of Parent and Sub.
 Parent and Sub jointly and
severally represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

(a) 
Organization, Standing and Corporate
Power.
 Each of Parent and Sub is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated and has all
requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business
as now being conducted. Each of Parent and Sub is duly qualified
or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such
jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed
individually or in the aggregate has not had and could not
reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(b) 
Authority; Noncontravention.
 Each
of Parent and Sub has all requisite corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
Parent and Sub and no other corporate proceedings on the part of
Parent or Sub are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby do not require approval
of the holders of any shares of capital stock of Parent. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and
Sub, as applicable, and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery by the Company, constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of Parent and Sub, as applicable,
enforceable against Parent and Sub, as applicable, in accordance
with its terms, subject, as to enforceability, to bankruptcy,
insolvency and other laws of general applicability relating to
or affecting creditors rights and to general equity
principles. The execution and delivery of this Agreement do not,
and the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement will not, conflict with, or result
in any violation or breach of, or default (with or without
notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right
of termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or
to the loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of any
Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Parent or Sub under
(x) the Second Amended and Restated Charter or By-laws of
Parent or the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of Sub,
(y) any Contract to which Parent or Sub is a party or any
of their respective properties or assets is subject or
(z) subject to the governmental filings and other matters
referred to in the following sentence, any (A) statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation or (B) order, writ,
injunction, decree, judgment or stipulation, in each case
applicable to Parent or Sub or their respective properties or
assets, other than, in the case of clauses (y) and (z), any
such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, rights, losses
or Liens that individually or in the aggregate have not had and
could not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect. No consent, approval, order or authorization of,
action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or
filing with, any Governmental Entity is required by or with
respect to Parent or Sub in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub or the consummation
by Parent and Sub of the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, except for (1) the filing
of a premerger notification and report form by Parent under the
HSR Act or any other applicable competition, merger control,
antitrust or similar law or regulation, (2) the filing of
the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the
State of

A-26

Delaware and (3) such other consents,
approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations
and filings the failure of which to be obtained or made
individually or in the aggregate has not had and could not
reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(c)     
Information
Supplied.
 None of the information supplied or to be supplied
by Parent or Sub specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first
mailed to the stockholders of the Company and at the time of the
Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading.

(d)     
Financial
Resources.
 Parent has available to it sufficient financial
resources to fulfill its obligations hereunder.

ARTICLE IV

Covenants Relating to Conduct of
Business

SECTION
4.01.     
Conduct of Business.

(a)     
Conduct of Business by the
Company.
 During the period from the date of this Agreement
to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each
of its Subsidiaries to, carry on its business in the ordinary
course consistent with past practice (including in respect of
research and development activities and programs) and in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws,
regulations and treaties and, to the extent consistent
therewith, use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve
intact its current business organizations, keep available the
services of its current officers, employees and consultants and
preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors,
licensees, distributors and others having business dealings with
it with the intention that its goodwill and ongoing business
shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time, except as set forth
in Section 4.01(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during the
period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time,
the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, without Parents prior written consent
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed):

(i)(x) declare, set aside or pay any
    dividends on, or make any other distributions (whether in cash,
    stock or property) in respect of, any of its capital stock,
    other than dividends or distributions by a direct or indirect
    wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company to its parent,
    (y) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock
    or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in
    respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
    capital stock or (z) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
    any shares of its capital stock or any other securities thereof
    or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares or
    other securities (except upon the exercise of options
    outstanding on the date of this Agreement as set forth in the
    Company Disclosure Letter to the extent net exercises are
    provided for in the plans or agreements governing such options);

(ii) issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or
    otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien any shares of its
    capital stock, any other voting securities or any securities
    convertible into, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire,
    any such shares, voting securities or convertible securities, or
    any phantom stock, phantom stock rights,
    stock appreciation rights or stock based performance units
    (other than the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock upon
    the exercise of Company Stock Options or Warrants or settlement
    of Company Stock-Based Awards, in each case outstanding on the
    date of this Agreement in accordance with their terms on the
    date of this Agreement);

(iii) amend the Company Certificate or the
    Company By-laws or other comparable charter or organizational
    documents of any of the Companys Subsidiaries;

(iv) directly or indirectly acquire
    (x) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing
    assets of, or by any other manner, any person or division,
    business or equity interest of any person or (y) any asset
    or assets other than in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice;

A-27

    (v)(x) sell, lease, license, mortgage, sell and leaseback
    or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien or otherwise
    dispose of any of its properties or assets or any interests
    therein (including securitizations), except for sales of
    inventory and used equipment in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice; or (y) enter into modify or
    amend any lease of property, except for modifications or
    amendments that are not adverse to the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries;

    (vi)(x) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or
    guarantee any such indebtedness of another person, issue or sell
    any debt securities or calls, options, warrants or other rights
    to acquire any debt securities of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries, guarantee any debt securities of another person,
    enter into any keep well or other agreement to
    maintain any financial statement condition of another person or
    enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of
    the foregoing or (y) make any loans, advances or capital
    contributions to, or investments in, any other person, other
    than to (A) any of the Companys Subsidiaries or
    (B) employees in respect of travel expenses in the ordinary
    course of business consistent with past practice;

    (vii) except as contemplated by the Companys current
    capital budget set forth in Section 4.01(a) of the Company
    Disclosure Letter, make any new capital expenditure or
    expenditures which, individually, is in excess of $50,000 or, in
    the aggregate, are in excess of $200,000;

    (viii)(w) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims,
    liabilities, obligations or litigation (absolute, accrued,
    asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the
    payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction in the ordinary
    course of business consistent with past practice or for the
    settlement of product warranty claims that are fully covered and
    will be paid by a third party insurer (except for applicable
    deductibles) or in accordance with their terms, of liabilities
    disclosed, reflected or reserved against in the most recent
    audited financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the
    Company included in the Filed SEC Documents (for amounts not in
    excess of such reserves) or incurred since the date of such
    financial statements in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice, (x) cancel any indebtedness,
    (y) waive or assign any claims or rights of substantial
    value or (z) waive any benefits of, or agree to modify in
    any respect, or, subject to the terms hereof, fail to enforce,
    or consent to any matter with respect to which consent is
    required under, any confidentiality, standstill or similar
    agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
    party;

    (ix) modify, amend or terminate any material Contract to
    which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or
    waive, release or assign any material rights or claims
    thereunder;

    (x) enter into any material Contracts relating to the
    research, development, distribution, training, sale, supply,
    license, marketing, co-promotion or manufacturing by third
    parties of products of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
    Company or products licensed by the Company or any Subsidiary of
    the Company, other than pursuant to any such Contracts currently
    in place (that have been made available to Parent prior to the
    date hereof) in accordance with their terms as of the date
    hereof or otherwise in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice;

    (xi) enter into, modify, amend or terminate any Contract
    which if so entered into, modified, amended or terminated could
    reasonably be expected to (A) have a Material Adverse
    Effect, (B) impair in any material respect the ability of
    the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or
    (C) prevent or materially delay the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

    (xii) enter into any Contract to the extent consummation of
    the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or compliance by
    the Company with the provisions of this Agreement could
    reasonably be expected to conflict with, or result in a
    violation or breach of, or default (with or without notice or
    lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of, or
    result in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of any
    obligation or to the loss of a benefit under, or result in the
    creation of any Lien in or upon any of the properties or assets
    of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, or give rise to
    any increased, additional, accelerated, or guaranteed right or
    entitlements of any third party under, or result in any material
    alteration of, any provision of such Contract;

A-28

(xiii) enter into any Contract containing
    any restriction on the ability of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries to assign its rights, interests or obligations
    thereunder, unless such restriction expressly excludes any
    assignment to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection
    with or following the consummation of the Merger and the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(xiv) except as otherwise contemplated by
    this Agreement, enter into any agreement of a nature that would
    be required to be filed as an exhibit to Form 10-K under
    the Exchange Act, other than in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice;

(xv) except as otherwise contemplated by
    this Agreement or as required to comply with applicable Legal
    Provisions or as required to comply with Company Benefit Plans
    and Company Benefit Agreements as in effect on the date of this
    Agreement and disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter,
    (A) adopt, enter into, terminate or amend (I) any
    collective bargaining agreement or Company Benefit Plan or
    (II) any Company Benefit Agreement or other agreement, plan
    or policy involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
    one or more of their respective current or former directors,
    officers, employees or consultants, (B) except as set forth
    in Section 4.01(a)(xv) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
    increase in any manner the compensation, bonus or fringe or
    other benefits of, or pay any bonus to, any current or former
    director, officer, employee or consultant other than normal
    increases in cash compensation (other than to officers and
    directors) in the ordinary course of business consistent with
    past practice, (C) pay any benefit or amount not required
    under any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement or
    any other benefit plan or arrangement of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries as in effect on the date of this Agreement,
    (D) except with respect to payments under the
    Companys disclosed severance policy, grant or pay any
    severance or termination pay or increase in any manner the
    severance or termination pay of any current or former director,
    officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries, (E) grant any awards under any bonus,
    incentive, performance or other compensation plan or
    arrangement, Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan
    (including the grant of Company Stock Options,
    phantom stock, stock appreciation rights,
    phantom stock rights, stock based or stock related
    awards, performance units or restricted stock or the removal of
    existing restrictions in any Company Benefit Agreements, Company
    Benefit Plans or agreements or awards made thereunder), other
    than increases permitted under clause (B) above,
    (F) amend or modify any Stock Option, Warrant or other
    Company Stock-Based Award, (G) take any action to fund or
    in any other way secure the payment of compensation or benefits
    under any employee plan, agreement, contract or arrangement or
    Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement, (H) take
    any action to accelerate the vesting or payment of any
    compensation or benefit under any Company Benefit Plan or
    Company Benefit Agreement or (I) materially change any
    actuarial or other assumption used to calculate funding
    obligations with respect to any Company Pension Plan or change
    the manner in which contributions to any Company Pension Plan
    are made or the basis on which such contributions are determined;

(xvi) except as required by GAAP, revalue
    any material assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
    make any change in accounting methods, principles or practices;

(xvii) sell, transfer or license to any
    person or otherwise extend, amend or modify any rights to
    material Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries, except in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice; or

(xviii) authorize any of, or commit,
    resolve, propose or agree to take any of, the foregoing actions.

(b) 
Other Actions.
 The Company and
Parent shall not, and shall not permit any of their respective
Subsidiaries to, take any action that would, or that could
reasonably be expected to, result in (i) any of the
representations and warranties of such party set forth in this
Agreement that are qualified by materiality becoming untrue or
(ii) any of such representations and warranties that are
not so qualified becoming untrue in any material respect.

(c) 
Advice of Changes; Filings.
 The
Company and Parent shall promptly advise the other party orally
and in writing of (i) any representation or warranty made
by it (and, in the case of Parent, made by Sub) contained in
this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality being or
becoming as of any time between the

A-29

date of this Agreement and the Effective Date
untrue or inaccurate at such time in any respect or any such
representation or warranty that is not so qualified being or
becoming as of any time between the date of this Agreement and
the Effective Date untrue or inaccurate at such time in any
material respect or (ii) the failure of it (and, in the
case of Parent, of Sub) to comply with or satisfy in any
material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be
complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement;

provided
, 
however
, that no such notification shall
affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
of the parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the
conditions to the obligations of the parties under this
Agreement. The Company and Parent shall promptly provide the
other copies of all filings made by such party with any
Governmental Entity in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, other than the portions of
such filings that include confidential information not directly
related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) 
Certain Tax Matters.
 During the
period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time,
the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to,
(i) timely file all tax returns (Post-Signing
Returns) required to be filed by or on behalf of each such
entity; (ii) timely pay all taxes due and payable in
respect of such Post-Signing Returns that are so filed;
(iii) accrue a reserve in the books and records and
financial statements of any such entity in accordance with past
practice for all taxes payable by such entity for which no
Post-Signing Return is due prior to the Effective Time;
(iv) promptly notify Parent of any suit, claim, action,
investigation, proceeding or audit (collectively,
Actions) pending against or with respect to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any material
tax; (v) not make any material tax election or settle or
compromise any Actions in respect of any tax other than in the
ordinary course of business or as required by applicable Legal
Provisions; and (vi) cause all existing tax sharing
agreements, tax indemnity obligations and similar agreements,
arrangements and practices with respect to taxes to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be a party or by
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may otherwise
be bound to be terminated as of the Closing Date so that after
such date neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
have any further rights or liabilities thereunder.

The Company shall deliver to Parent at or prior
to the Closing a certificate from the Company, dated no more
than 30 days prior to the Closing Date and signed by a
responsible corporate officer of the Company under penalties of
perjury, to the effect that, to such responsible corporate
officers knowledge and belief, the Company has not been at
any time in the previous five years a United States real
property holding corporation, as such term is defined in
Section 897(c) of the Code.

SECTION 4.02.     
No
Solicitation.
 (a) The Company shall not, nor shall it
authorize or permit any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective directors, officers or employees or any investment
banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other
advisor, agent or representative (collectively,
Representatives) retained by it or any of its
Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly through another person,
(i) solicit, initiate or encourage, or take any other
action to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any
proposal that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to
lead to a Takeover Proposal or (ii) enter into, continue or
otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations
regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect
to, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, any Takeover
Proposal. Without limiting the foregoing, it is agreed that any
violation of the restrictions set forth in the preceding
sentence by any Representative of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, whether or not such person is purporting to act on
behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise,
shall be a breach of this Section 4.02(a) by the Company.
The Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to,
immediately cease and cause to be terminated all existing
discussions or negotiations with any person conducted heretofore
with respect to any Takeover Proposal and request the prompt
return or destruction of all confidential information previously
furnished. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to
obtaining the Stockholder Approval, in response to a bona fide
written Takeover Proposal that the Board of Directors of the
Company determines in good faith (after consultation with
outside counsel and Gerard Klauer Mattison & Co. or another
financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation)
constitutes or is reasonably likely to constitute a Superior
Proposal, and which Takeover Proposal was unsolicited and made
after the date hereof and did not otherwise result from a breach
of this Section 4.02(a), the Company may, if its Board of
Directors determines in good faith (after consultation with
outside counsel and Gerard Klauer Mattison & Co.
or another financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation) that it is

A-30

required to do so in order to comply with its
fiduciary duties to the stockholders of the Company under
applicable Legal Provisions, and subject to compliance with
Section 4.02(c) and after giving Parent written notice of
such determination, (x) furnish information with respect to
the Company and its Subsidiaries to the person making such
Takeover Proposal (and its Representatives) pursuant to a
customary confidentiality agreement, 
provided
 that all
such information has previously been provided to Parent or is
provided to Parent prior to or substantially concurrent with the
time it is provided to such person, and (y) participate in
discussions or negotiations with the person making such Takeover
Proposal (and its Representatives) regarding such Takeover
Proposal.

The term Takeover Proposal means any
inquiry, proposal or offer from any person relating to, or that
could reasonably be expected to lead to, any direct or indirect
acquisition or purchase, in one transaction or a series of
transactions, of assets or businesses that constitute 20% or
more of the revenues, net income or assets of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 20% or more of any class
of equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would
result in any person beneficially owning 20% or more of any
class of equity securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or any merger, consolidation, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint
venture, binding share exchange or similar transaction involving
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which any
person or the shareholders of any person would own 20% or more
of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or of any resulting parent company of the Company,
other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

The term Superior Proposal means any
bona fide offer made by a third party that if consummated would
result in such person (or its shareholders) owning, directly or
indirectly, all or substantially all of the shares of Company
Common Stock then outstanding (or of the surviving entity in a
merger or the direct or indirect parent of the surviving entity
in a merger) or all or substantially all the assets of the
Company, which the Board of Directors of the Company determines
in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel and
Gerard Klauer Mattison & Co. or another financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation) (i) would result in
greater value to the stockholders of the Company from a
financial point of view than the Merger (taking into account all
the terms and conditions of such offer and this Agreement
(including any changes to the financial terms of this Agreement
proposed by Parent in response to such offer or otherwise)) and
(ii) is reasonably capable of being completed, taking into
account all financial, legal, regulatory and other aspects of
such proposal.

(b) Neither the Board of Directors of the
Company nor any committee thereof shall directly or indirectly
(i) (A) withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to
Parent), or propose to withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse
to Parent), the approval, recommendation or declaration of
advisability by such Board of Directors or any such committee
thereof of this Agreement, or the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
(B) recommend, adopt or approve, or propose publicly to
recommend, adopt or approve, any Takeover Proposal (any action
described in this clause (i) being referred to as an
Adverse Recommendation Change) or (ii) approve
or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, or allow the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to execute or enter into, any
letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in
principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option
agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or
other similar agreement constituting or related to, or that is
intended to or could reasonably be expected to lead to, any
Takeover Proposal (other than a confidentiality agreement
referred to in Section 4.02(a)); 
provided
, however,
that the Company shall not be prohibited from entering into an
agreement referred to in and in accordance with
Section 7.01(f)(iv). Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any
time prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval, the Board of
Directors of the Company may make an Adverse Recommendation
Change if such Board of Directors determines in good faith
(after consultation with outside counsel) that it is required to
do so in order to comply with its fiduciary duties to the
stockholders of the Company under applicable Legal Provisions.

(c) In addition to the obligations of the
Company set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
Section 4.02, the Company shall promptly advise Parent
orally and in writing of any Takeover Proposal or any inquiry
with respect to or that could reasonably be expected to lead to
any Takeover Proposal, the material terms and conditions of any
such Takeover Proposal or inquiry (including any changes
thereto) and the

A-31

identity of the person making any such Takeover
Proposal or inquiry. The Company shall (i) keep Parent
fully informed on a current basis of the status and details
(including any change to the terms thereof) of any such Takeover
Proposal or inquiry and (ii) provide to Parent as soon as
practicable after receipt or delivery thereof with copies of all
correspondence and other written material sent or provided to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from any person that
describes any of the terms or conditions of any Takeover
Proposal.

(d) Nothing contained in this
Section 4.02 shall prohibit the Company from
(i) taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position
contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act, or (ii) communicating information about any
Takeover Proposal to its stockholders if the Board of Directors
of the Company determines in good faith (after consultation with
outside counsel) that it is required to do so in order to comply
with its fiduciary duties to the stockholders of the Company
under applicable Legal Provisions.

ARTICLE V

Additional Agreements

SECTION
5.01.     
Preparation of the Proxy
Statement; Stockholders Meeting.
 (a) As promptly
as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company
shall prepare and, subject to Parents right to review,
comment on and make objections with respect to the Proxy
Statement as provided below, the Company shall file with the SEC
the Proxy Statement and the Company shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to respond as promptly as practicable to any
comments of the SEC with respect thereto and to cause the Proxy
Statement to be mailed to the stockholders of the Company as
promptly as practicable following the date of this Agreement.
The Company shall promptly notify Parent upon the receipt of any
comments from the SEC or the staff of the SEC or any request
from the SEC or the staff of the SEC for amendments or
supplements to the Proxy Statement and shall provide Parent with
copies of all correspondence between the Company and its
Representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC and the staff of
the SEC, on the other hand. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior
to filing or mailing the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or
supplement thereto) or responding to any comments of the SEC or
the staff of the SEC with respect thereto, the Company
(i) shall provide Parent an adequate opportunity to review
and comment on such document or response, (ii) shall
include in such document or response all comments reasonably
proposed by Parent and (iii) shall not file or mail such
document or respond to the SEC or the staff of the SEC over
Parents reasonable objection.

(b) The Company shall, as soon as
practicable following the date of this Agreement, establish a
record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a
meeting of its stockholders (the Stockholders
Meeting) solely for the purpose of obtaining the
Stockholder Approval. Subject to Section 4.02(b), the
Company shall, through its Board of Directors, recommend to its
stockholders adoption of this Agreement and shall include such
recommendation in the Proxy Statement. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Companys obligations
pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 5.01(b)
shall not be affected by (i) the commencement, public
proposal, public disclosure or communication to the Company of
any Takeover Proposal or (ii) the withdrawal or
modification by the Board of Directors of the Company or any
committee thereof of such Board of Directors or such
committees approval or recommendation of this Agreement,
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company
properly exercises its right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.01(f), the Companys obligations
pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 5.01(b)
shall terminate.

SECTION
5.02.     
Access to Information;
Confidentiality.
 The Company shall afford to Parent, and to
Parents officers, employees, accountants, counsel,
consultants, financial advisors and other Representatives,
reasonable access (including for the purpose of coordinating
integration activities and transition planning with the
employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries) during normal
business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time or
the termination of this Agreement to all its and its
Subsidiaries properties, books, contracts, commitments,
personnel and records and, during such period, the Company shall
furnish promptly to Parent (a) a copy of each report,
schedule, registration statement and other document filed by it
during such period pursuant to the requirements of Federal or
state securities laws and (b) all other information

A-32

concerning its and its Subsidiaries
business, properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably
request. Except for disclosures expressly permitted by the terms
of the confidentiality letter agreement dated as of
August 28, 2002, between Parent and the Company (as it may
be amended from time to time, the Confidentiality
Agreement), Parent shall hold, and shall cause its
officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors
and other Representatives to hold, all information received from
the Company, directly or indirectly, in confidence in accordance
with the Confidentiality Agreement. No investigation pursuant to
this Section 5.02 or information provided or received by
any party hereto pursuant to this Agreement will affect any of
the representations or warranties of the parties hereto
contained in this Agreement or the conditions hereunder to the
obligations of the parties hereto.

SECTION
5.03.     
Commercially Reasonable
Efforts.
 Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use its
commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary,
proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the
most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including using
commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the following:
(i) the taking of all acts necessary to cause the
conditions to Closing to be satisfied as promptly as
practicable, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or
nonactions, waivers, consents and approvals from Governmental
Entities and the making of all necessary registrations and
filings (including filings with Governmental Entities) and the
taking of all steps as may be necessary to obtain an approval or
waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by any
Governmental Entity, (iii) the obtaining of all necessary
consents, approvals or waivers from third parties and
(iv) the execution and delivery of any additional
instruments necessary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by, and to fully carry out the purposes of, this
Agreement. In connection with and without limiting the
foregoing, the Company and its Board of Directors shall
(1) take all action necessary to ensure that no state
takeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes
applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (2) if any
state takeover statute or similar statute becomes applicable to
this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, take all action necessary to
ensure that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as practicable
on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to
minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on this
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to
require Parent to agree to, or proffer to, divest or hold
separate any assets or any portion of any business of Parent,
the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

SECTION
5.04.     
Company Stock Options;
Warrants.
 (a) As soon as practicable following the date
of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company (or, if
appropriate, any committee thereof administering the Company
Stock Plans) shall adopt such resolutions or take such other
actions as may be required to effect the following:

(i) adjust the terms of all outstanding
    Company Stock Options (other than rights under the ESPP) as
    necessary to provide that, at the Effective Time, each such
    Company Stock Option outstanding immediately prior to the
    Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, shall be canceled
    and the holder thereof shall then become entitled to receive, as
    soon as practicable following the Effective Time, a single lump
    sum cash payment equal to the product of (1) the number of
    shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock
    Option and (2) the excess, if any, of the Merger
    Consideration over the exercise price per share of such Company
    Stock Option;

(ii) terminate the ESPP (and any then
    outstanding offering period thereunder) at the Effective Time in
    accordance with the terms of the ESPP as in effect on the date
    hereof and refund without interest to each participant (or such
    participants beneficiary) as soon as practicable
    thereafter the entire amount, if any, in each participants
    account thereunder; and

(iii) make such other changes to the Company
    Stock Plans as the Company and Parent may agree are appropriate
    to give effect to the Merger.

A-33

(b) All amounts payable to holders of
Company Stock Options pursuant to Section 5.04(a)(i) shall
be subject to any required withholding of Taxes and shall be
paid without interest as soon as practicable following the
Effective Time.

(c) The Company shall ensure that following
the Effective Time, no holder of a Company Stock Option (or
former holder of a Company Stock Option) or any participant in
any Company Stock Plan, Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit
Agreement shall have any right thereunder to acquire any capital
stock of the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any
interest therein (including phantom stock or stock
appreciation rights).

SECTION
5.05.     
Indemnification,
Exculpation and Insurance.
 (a) All rights to
indemnification and exculpation from liabilities for acts or
omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time now
existing in favor of the current or former directors or officers
of the Company as provided in the Company Certificate, the
Company By-laws or any indemnification agreement between such
directors or officers and the Company (in each case, as in
effect on the date hereof) shall be assumed by the Surviving
Corporation in the Merger, without further action, as of the
Effective Time and shall survive the Merger and shall continue
in full force and effect in accordance with their terms.

(b) From and after the Effective Time, in
the event of any threatened or actual claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal or
administrative, including, without limitation, any such claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation in which any person
who is now, or has been at any time prior to the date of this
Agreement, or who becomes prior to the Effective Time, a
director or officer of the Company or its Subsidiaries (the
Indemnified Parties) is, or is threatened to be,
made a party based in whole or in part on, or arising in whole
or in part out of, or pertaining to (i) the fact that he is
or was a director, officer or employee of the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective predecessors; or
(ii) this Agreement and Plan of Merger, or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, whether in any case
asserted or arising before or after the Effective Time, Parent
shall indemnify and hold harmless, as and to the fullest extent
permitted by law, each such Indemnified Party against any
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses in advance of the
final disposition of any claim, suit, proceeding or
investigation to each Indemnified Party to the fullest extent
permitted by law upon receipt of any undertaking required by
applicable Legal Provisions), judgments, fines and amounts paid
in settlement in connection with any such threatened or actual
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, and in the
event of any such threatened or actual claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation (whether asserted or arising before
or after the Effective Time), the Indemnified Parties may retain
counsel reasonably satisfactory to them and to Parent.
Parents obligations under this Section 5.05(b)
continue in full force and effect for a period of six years from
the Effective Time; provided, however, that all rights to
indemnification in respect of any claim (a Claim)
asserted or made within such period shall continue until the
final disposition of such Claim.

(c) In the event that the Surviving
Corporation or any of its successors or assigns
(i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and
is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such
consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or
substantially all of its properties and other assets to any
person, then, and in each such case, Parent shall cause proper
provision to be made so that the successors and assigns of the
Surviving Corporation shall expressly assume the obligations set
forth in this Section 5.05.

(d) For six years after the Effective Time,
Parent shall maintain in effect the Companys current
directors and officers liability insurance in
respect of acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time, covering each person currently covered by the
Companys directors and officers liability
insurance policy (a true, complete and correct copy of which has
been heretofore delivered to Parent), on terms with respect to
such coverage and amount no less favorable in any material
respect than those of such policy in effect on the date hereof;

provided
, 
however
, that Parent may substitute
therefor policies of Parent containing terms with respect to
coverage and amount no less favorable to such directors and
officers; 
provided

further
, 
however
, that
in satisfying its obligation under this Section 5.05(d)
Parent shall not be obligated to pay annual premiums in excess
of 200% of the amount paid by the Company for coverage for its
last full fiscal year (which premiums for coverage for such last
full fiscal year are hereby represented and warranted by the

A-34

Company to be $89,500), it being understood and
agreed that Parent shall nevertheless be obligated to provide
such coverage as may be obtained for such annual 200% amount.

(e) The provisions of this Section 5.05
(i) are intended to be for the benefit of, and will be
enforceable by, each indemnified party, his or her heirs and his
or her representatives and (ii) are in addition to, and not
in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or
contribution that any such person may have by contract or
otherwise.

SECTION
5.06.     
Fees and Expenses.

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this
Section 5.06, all fees and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party
incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is
consummated.

(b) In the event that (i) this
Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to
Section 7.01(e), (ii) this Agreement is terminated by
the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(f) or (iii) (A) a
Takeover Proposal shall have been made to the Company or shall
have been made directly to the stockholders of the Company
generally or shall have otherwise become publicly known or any
person shall have publicly announced an intention (whether or
not conditional) to make a Takeover Proposal,(B) this Agreement
is terminated by either Parent or the Company pursuant to
Section 7.01(b)(i) (but only if a vote to obtain the
Stockholder Approval or the Stockholders Meeting has not
been held) or Section 7.01(b)(iii) and (C) within
12 months after such termination, the Company enters into a
definitive agreement to consummate, or consummates, the
transactions contemplated by any Takeover Proposal (solely for
purposes of Section 5.06(b)(iii), the term Takeover
Proposal shall have the meaning set forth in the
definition of Takeover Proposal contained in
Section 4.02(a) except that all references to
20% shall be deemed references to 50%),
then the Company shall pay Parent a fee equal to $7,400,000 (the
Termination Fee) by wire transfer of same-day funds
(x) in the case of a payment required by clause (i) or
(ii) above, on the date of termination of this Agreement
and (y) in the case of a payment required by clause
(iii) above, on the date of the first to occur of the
events referred to in clause (iii)(C).

(c) The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the agreements contained in Section 5.06(b) are an integral
part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
that, without these agreements, Parent would not enter into this
Agreement; accordingly, if the Company fails promptly to pay the
amount due pursuant to Section 5.06(b), and, in order to
obtain such payment, Parent commences a suit that results in a
judgment against the Company for the Termination Fee, the
Company shall pay to Parent its costs and expenses (including
attorneys fees and expenses) in connection with such suit,
together with interest on the amount of the Termination Fee from
the date such payment was required to be made until the date of
payment at the prime rate of Citibank, N.A. in effect on the
date such payment was required to be made.

SECTION
5.07.     
Public Announcements.

Parent and the Company shall consult with each other before
issuing, and give each other the opportunity to review and
comment upon, any press release or other public statements with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including the Merger, and shall not issue any such press release
or make any such public statement prior to such consultation,
except as may be required by applicable Legal Provisions, court
process or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with
any national securities exchange or national securities
quotation system. The parties agree that the initial press
release to be issued with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the form heretofore
agreed to by the parties.

SECTION
5.08.     
Stockholder
Litigation.
 The Company shall give Parent the opportunity to
participate in the defense or settlement of any stockholder
litigation against the Company and/or its directors relating to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no such
settlement shall be agreed to without Parents prior
written consent.

SECTION
5.09.     
Employee Matters.

(a) Subject to applicable collective bargaining agreements,
for the six-month period immediately following the Effective
Time, Parent shall maintain or cause the Surviving Corporation
to maintain for the benefit of employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time (the
Affected Employees) who continue to be employed by
the Surviving Corporation

A-35

and its Subsidiaries, the Company Benefit Plans
(other than the Company Stock Plans and any other plans to the
extent they provide for the issuance of Company Common Stock or
benefits based on the value of Company Common Stock) without any
benefit reduction or elimination. Neither Parent nor the
Surviving Corporation nor any of their subsidiaries shall have
any obligation to issue, or adopt any plans or arrangements
providing for the issuance of shares of capital stock, warrants,
options, stock appreciation rights or other rights in respect of
any shares of capital stock of any entity or any securities
convertible or exchangeable into such shares pursuant to any
such plans or arrangements.

(b) Subject to applicable collective
bargaining agreements, commencing upon the expiration of the
six-month period referred to in Section 5.09(a), with
respect to any employee benefit plan (as defined in
Section 3(3) of ERISA), severance or vacation plan
maintained by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and made
available to Affected Employees (Parents
Plans), service with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries shall be treated for all purposes (other than for
purposes of benefit accrual under any defined benefit pension
plan and other than as would result in the duplication of
benefits) as service with Parent and its Subsidiaries (solely to
the extent such service was recognized for such purposes under
the corresponding Company Benefit Plan, if any such
corresponding Company Benefit Plan exists immediately prior to
the Effective Time). Any waiting periods, pre-existing condition
exclusions and requirements to show evidence of good health
contained in any of Parents Plans that provide medical,
dental and other welfare benefits shall not apply with respect
to Affected Employees and their dependents and beneficiaries to
the extent that such periods, exclusions or requirements did not
apply to such Affected Employees and their dependents and
beneficiaries under corresponding Company Benefit Plans
immediately prior to the end of the six-month period referred to
in Section 5.09(a). Affected Employees shall receive full
credit under Parents vacation plan or policy which is
applicable to such Affected Employees for all unused vacation
credited to such Affected Employees as of the expiration of the
six-month period referred to in Section 5.09(a) (the
Accrued Unused Vacation); provided that, with
respect to the calendar year in which the expiration of such
six-month period occurs, exclusive of the Accrued Unused
Vacation, the maximum amount of vacation that an Affected
Employee may be granted or may accrue under Parents
vacation plan or policy for the remainder of such calendar year
shall be a proportionate amount, based on the portion of such
calendar year remaining after the end of such six-month period,
of the amount of vacation such Affected Employee would have been
granted or accrued for such calendar year had the Affected
Employee been covered under Parents vacation plan or
policy for the entirety of such calendar year.

(c) Parent shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to honor the Companys obligations under the
Company Benefit Plans and Company Benefit Agreements disclosed
in the Company Disclosure Letter, as such plans and agreements
are in effect as of the Closing Date, and Parent acknowledges
and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to acknowledge that
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall constitute a Change of Control for
purposes of such Company Benefit Plans and Company Benefit
Agreements.

(d) Nothing contained herein shall be
construed as requiring Parent or the Surviving Corporation to
continue the employment of any specific person.

SECTION
5.10.     
Subsidiary
Dissolution.
 Upon the written request of Parent, the Company
shall, as promptly as practicable, use its commercially
reasonable efforts to take all actions necessary to dissolve the
corporate existence of MTEC, Inc. in accordance with all
applicable Legal Provisions.

A-36

ARTICLE VI

Conditions Precedent

SECTION
6.01.     
Conditions to Each
Partys Obligation to Effect the Merger.
 The respective
obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver on or
prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

(a) 
Stockholder Approval.
 The
Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained.

(b) 
HSR Act.
 The waiting period (and
any extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR
Act shall have been terminated or shall have expired.

(c) 
No Injunctions or Restraints.
 No
temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction
or other judgment or order issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction or other statute, law, rule, legal restraint or
prohibition (collectively, Restraints) shall be in
effect prohibiting the consummation of the Merger.

SECTION
6.02.     
Conditions to Obligations
of Parent and Sub.
 The obligations of Parent and Sub to
effect the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction or (to
the extent permitted by law) waiver on or prior to the Closing
Date of the following conditions:

(a) 
Representations and Warranties.

The representations and warranties of the Company contained in
this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on the
Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and
warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as
of such earlier date), except to the extent that the failure of
such representations and warranties to be true and correct as of
such dates (without giving effect to any qualifications or
limitations as to materiality or Material
Adverse Effect set forth therein), individually or in the
aggregate, (i) has not had and could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) in the
reasonable good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of
Parent, has not adversely effected, and could not reasonably be
expected to adversely affect, in a material way the anticipated
economic and business benefits of the Merger to Parent;

provided
 that in making any such determination the Board
of Directors of Parent may not consider any failure of a
representation or warranty to be true and correct resulting from
the matters described in clauses (1) through (4) in
the last proviso to Section 8.03(d). Parent shall have
received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the
chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of the
Company to such effect.

(b) 
Performance of Obligations of the
Company.
 The Company shall have performed in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by it under
this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and Parent shall
have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by
the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of
the Company to such effect.

(c) 
No Litigation.
 There shall not be
pending any suit, action or proceeding by any Governmental
Entity, or by any other person, in either case having a
reasonable likelihood of success, (i) challenging the
acquisition by Parent or Sub of any shares of Company Common
Stock, seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the
Merger, or seeking to place limitations on the ownership of
shares of Company Common Stock (or shares of common stock of the
Surviving Corporation) by Parent or Sub or seeking to obtain
from the Company, Parent or Sub any damages that are material in
relation to the Company, (ii) seeking to prohibit or
materially limit the ownership or operation by the Company,
Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries of any material
portion of any business or of any material assets of the
Company, Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or to
compel the Company, Parent or any of their respective
Subsidiaries to divest or hold separate any material portion of
any business or of any material assets of the Company, Parent or
any of their respective Subsidiaries, as a result of the Merger,
(iii) seeking to prohibit Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
from effectively controlling in any material respect the
business or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or (iv) otherwise having, or being reasonably expected to have,
a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) 
Restraints.
 No Restraint that
could reasonably be expected to result, directly or indirectly,
in any of the effects referred to in clauses (i) through
(iv) of paragraph (c) of this Section 6.02 shall
be in effect.

A-37

(e) 
Consents.
 Parent shall have
received evidence, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to it, that Parent or the Company shall have obtained all
consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications and orders
of Governmental Entities or third parties required (x) to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
(y) to insure that Parent, directly or indirectly, holds or
has the right to use after the Effective Time in the same manner
used by the Company and its Subsidiaries prior to the Effective
Time and prior to the date of this Agreement all rights and
assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including consents
to assignments of material Contracts and Intellectual Property
Rights), except where the failure to receive such consents,
approvals, authorizations, qualifications or orders,
individually or in the aggregate, (i) has not had and could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and
(ii) in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Board of
Directors of Parent, has not adversely effected, and could not
be reasonably be expected to adversely affect, in a material way
the anticipated economic and business benefits of the Merger to
Parent.

SECTION
6.03.     
Conditions to Obligation
of the Company.
 The obligation of the Company to effect the
Merger is further subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent
permitted by law) waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:

(a) 
Representations and Warranties.

The representations and warranties of Parent and Sub contained
in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on the
Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and
warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as
of such earlier date), except to the extent that the failure of
such representations and warranties to be true and correct as of
such dates (without giving effect to any qualifications or
limitations as to materiality or Parent
Material Adverse Effect set forth therein), individually
or in the aggregate, has not had and could not reasonably be
expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The Company
shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by
an executive officer of Parent to such effect.

(b) 
Performance of Obligations of Parent
and Sub.
 Parent and Sub shall have performed in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by them under
this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company
shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by
an executive officer of Parent to such effect.

SECTION
6.04.     
Frustration of Closing
Conditions.
 None of the Company, Parent or Sub may rely on
the failure of any condition set forth in Section 6.01, 6.02 or
6.03, as the case may be, to be satisfied if such failure was
caused by such partys failure to act in good faith or to
use its commercially reasonable efforts to consummate the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as
required by and subject to Section 5.03.

ARTICLE VII

Termination, Amendment and Waiver

SECTION
7.01.     
Termination.
 This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after receipt of the Stockholder
Approval:

(a) by mutual written consent of Parent and
the Company;

(b) by either Parent or the Company:

(i) if the Merger shall not have been
    consummated on or before February 15, 2003; 
provided,
    however,
 that the right to terminate this Agreement under
    this Section 7.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party
    whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause of or
    resulted in the failure of the Merger to be consummated on or
    before such date;

(ii) if any Restraint having any of the
    effects set forth in Section 6.01(c) shall be in effect for
    more than 60 days or shall have become final and
    nonappealable; or

A-38

(iii) if the Stockholder Approval shall not
    have been obtained at the Stockholders Meeting duly
    convened therefor or at any adjournment or postponement thereof;

(c) by Parent (i) if the Company shall
have breached or failed to perform any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement,
which breach or failure to perform (A) would give rise to
the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) or
6.02(b) and (B) is incapable of being cured or has not been
cured by the Company within 30 calendar days following receipt
of written notice of such breach or failure to perform from
Parent or (ii) if any Restraint having the effects referred
to in clauses (i) through (iv) of Section 6.02(c)
shall be in effect for more than 60 days or shall have
become final and nonappealable;

(d) by the Company, if Parent shall have
breached or failed to perform any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement,
which breach or failure to perform (A) would give rise to
the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.03(a) or
6.03(b) and (B) is incapable of being cured or has not been
cured by Parent within 30 calendar days following receipt of
written notice of such breach or failure to perform from the
Company;

(e) by Parent, in the event that (i) an
Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred, (ii) the
Board of Directors of the Company fails publicly to reaffirm its
recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement within five business
days of a written request by Parent to provide such
reaffirmation or (iii) if the Board of Directors of the
Company resolves to enter into, or the Company enters into, a
Takeover Proposal; or

(f) by the Company, at any time prior to
obtaining the Stockholder Approval, upon the Board of Directors
of the Company resolving to enter into, subject to the terms of
this Agreement, a definitive agreement containing a Takeover
Proposal by a third party; 
provided,
 however, that
(i) the Board of Directors of the Company shall not so
resolve unless (A) the Company shall have complied with its
obligations under Section 4.02 hereof, (B) the Board
of Directors of the Company shall have reasonably determined in
good faith (after consultation with outside counsel and Gerard
Klauer Mattison & Co. or another financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation) that such Takeover Proposal
constitutes a Superior Proposal and such action is necessary for
the Board of Directors of the Company to comply with its
fiduciary duties to the stockholders of the Company under
applicable Legal Provisions, and (C) the Company shall have
fully negotiated the final terms of such Takeover Proposal; (ii)
immediately following the Board of Directors of the Company so
resolving, the Company shall have so notified Parent and
provided to Parent in writing the identity of the person making,
and the final terms and conditions of, such Takeover Proposal;
(iii) such termination pursuant to this
Section 7.01(f) shall not be effective unless and until
Parent shall not have made, by 5:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time
of the seventh business day after Parents receipt of
notice of the final terms and conditions of such Takeover
Proposal, a substantially similar or superior proposal (a
Matching Proposal) to such Takeover Proposal (it
being understood and agreed that any amendment to the price or
any other term of such Takeover Proposal shall require a new
notice to Parent and a new seven business day period);
(iv) the Company shall have the right to enter into a
definitive agreement containing a Takeover Proposal during the
period commencing upon the Board of Directors of the Company so
resolving in accordance with this Section 7.01(f) and
ending upon the termination of this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 7.01(f) so long as (A) the effectiveness of such
agreement is conditioned upon the Company complying with its
obligations under Section 4.02 and this
Section 7.01(f), (B) such agreement is terminable (and
shall be terminated) by the Company if Parent makes a Matching
Proposal in accordance with Section 7.01(f)(iii),
(C) the effectiveness of such agreement is conditioned upon
the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.01(f) and (D) immediately following the
execution of such agreement, such agreement and all related
agreements, exhibits, schedules and other documents are
delivered to Parent; and (v) any purported termination
pursuant to this Section 7.01(f) that is not in compliance
with all of the terms of this Section 7.01(f) shall be null
and void and of no effect.

SECTION
7.02.     
Effect of Termination.

In the event of termination of this Agreement by either the
Company or Parent as provided in Section 7.01, this
Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect,
without any liability or obligation on the part of Parent, Sub
or the Company, other than the provisions

A-39

of Section 3.01(t), the penultimate sentence
of Section 5.02, Section 5.06, this Section 7.02
and Article VIII, which provisions shall survive such
termination, and except to the extent that such termination
results from the material breach by a party of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth
in this Agreement.

SECTION
7.03.     
Amendment.
 This
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time
before or after receipt of the Stockholder Approval; provided,
however, that after such approval has been obtained, there shall
be made no amendment that by law requires further approval by
the stockholders of the Company or the approval of the
shareholders of Parent without such approval having been
obtained. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties
hereto.

SECTION
7.04.     
Extension; Waiver.
 At
any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties may
(a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) to the
extent permitted by law, waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained herein or in any
document delivered pursuant hereto or (c) subject to the
proviso to the first sentence of Section 7.03 and to the
extent permitted by law, waive compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the
part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid
only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to
assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of such rights.

SECTION
7.05.     
Procedure for Termination
or Amendment.
 A termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.01 or an amendment of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.03 shall, in order to be effective, requires, in
the case of Parent or the Company, action by its Board of
Directors or, with respect to any amendment of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.03, the duly authorized committee of
its Board of Directors to the extent permitted by law.

ARTICLE VIII

General Provisions

SECTION
8.01.     
Nonsurvival of
Representations and Warranties.
 None of the representations
and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time.
This Section 8.01 shall not limit any covenant or agreement
of the parties which by its terms contemplates performance after
the Effective Time.

SECTION
8.02.     
Notices.
 Except for
notices that are specifically required by the terms of this
Agreement to be delivered orally, all notices, requests, claims,
demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied
(which is confirmed) or sent by overnight courier (providing
proof of delivery) to the parties at the following addresses (or
at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like
notice):

if to Parent or Sub, to:

King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

501 Fifth Street

Bristol, TN 37620

Telecopy
    No.:     (423) 989-8719

Attention:

John A. A. Bellamy, Esq.

Executive Vice President, Legal

Affairs & General Counsel

A-40

with a copy to:

Cravath, Swaine & Moore

Worldwide Plaza

825 Eighth Avenue

New York, NY 10019

Telecopy
    No.:     (212) 474-3700

Attention:     Scott A.
    Barshay, Esq.

if to the Company, to:

Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc.

10240 Old Columbia Road

Columbia, MD 21046

Telecopy
    No.:     (443) 259-7801

Attention:

James H. Miller

Chairman, President and

Chief Executive Officer

with a copy to:

Arnold & Porter

555 12th Street, N.W.

Washington, DC 20004-1206

Telecopy
    No.:     (202) 942-5999

Attention:     Steven
    Kaplan, Esq.

SECTION
8.03.     
Definitions.
 For
purposes of this Agreement:

(a) an Affiliate of any person
means another person that directly or indirectly, through one or
more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such first person;

(b) Company Disclosure Letter
means the letter delivered by the Company to Parent prior to the
execution of this Agreement, setting forth information relating
to the representations and warranties of the Company included in
Article III hereof and covenants of the Company included in
Article IV hereof (it being understood that any information
disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter with respect to any
particular Section of Article III hereunder shall be deemed
to be disclosed for all Sections of Article III, if and
only if such disclosure contains sufficient factual detail to
render its relevance to such other purpose readily apparent);

(c) Knowledge of any person that
is not an individual means, with respect to any matter in
question, the knowledge of such persons executive officers
and other officers having primary responsibility for such
matter, in each case after reasonable inquiry and investigation;

(d) Material Adverse Effect
means any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
development or developments which individually or in the
aggregate could reasonably be expected to result in any change
or effect, that (A) is materially adverse to the
(i) business, (ii) properties, (iii) financial
condition, or (iv) results of operations of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) could reasonably
be expected to prevent or materially impede, interfere with,
hinder or delay the consummation by the Company of the Merger or
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

provided,
 that for purposes of analyzing whether any
change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development
constitutes a Material Adverse Effect under this
definition, the parties agree that (x) Parent will be
deemed to have no knowledge of any state of facts, change,
effect, condition, development, event or occurrence that is not
readily apparent from the Company Disclosure Letter,
(y) the analysis of materiality shall not be limited to
either a long-term or short-term perspective and (z) each
of the terms contained in clauses (A)(i) through (A)(iv) above
are intended to be separate and distinct; 
provided

further
, that Material Adverse Effect shall not be deemed
to include (1) the impact of changes in general economic
and/or financial market conditions, (2) the impact of

A-41

changes affecting the medical device industry or
pharmaceutical industry generally, except those events,
circumstances, changes or effects that adversely affect the
Company and its Subsidiaries to a greater extent than they
affect other entities operating in such industry,
(3) actions or omissions of the Company (or any of its
Subsidiaries) taken with the prior written consent of Parent in
contemplation of the transactions contemplated hereby or
(4) the fees and expenses of the Companys third party
advisors engaged in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby or any filing or other governmental fees
related to the transactions contemplated hereby;

(e) Parent Material Adverse
Effect means any change, effect, event, occurrence or
state of facts (or any development or developments which
individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to
prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay
the consummation by Parent of the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(f) person means an individual,
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization or
other entity; and

(g) a Subsidiary of any person
means another person, an amount of the voting securities, other
voting rights or voting partnership interests of which is
sufficient to elect at least a majority of its board of
directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such
voting interests, 50% or more of the equity interests of which)
is owned directly or indirectly by such first person.

SECTION
8.04.     
Interpretation.
 When a
reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, a Section,
Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to an Article of, a
Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless
otherwise indicated. The  and headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of
this Agreement. Whenever the words include,
includes or including are used in this
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words
without limitation. The words hereof,
herein and hereunder and words of
similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement. All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the
defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document
made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined
therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are
applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such
terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter
genders of such term. Any agreement, instrument or statute
defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument
that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or
statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented,
including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver
or consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of
comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments
thereto and instruments incorporated therein. References to a
person are also to its permitted successors and assigns.

SECTION
8.05.     
Consents and
Approvals.
 For any matter under this Agreement requiring the
consent or approval of any party to be valid and binding on the
parties hereto, such consent or approval must be in writing.

SECTION
8.06.     
Counterparts.
 This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including
by facsimile), all of which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when one or more
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other parties.

SECTION
8.07.     
Entire Agreement; No
Third-Party Beneficiaries.
 This Agreement and the
Confidentiality Agreement (a) constitute the entire
agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and the
Confidentiality Agreement and (b) except for the provisions
of Article II and Section 5.05, are not intended to
confer upon any person other than the parties any legal or
equitable rights or remedies.

SECTION
8.08.     
GOVERNING LAW.
 THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, REGARDLESS OF THE LAWS
THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE GOVERN UNDER APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF
CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF.

A-42

SECTION
8.09.     
Assignment.
 Neither
this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation
of law or otherwise by any of the parties without the prior
written consent of the other parties, and any assignment without
such consent shall be null and void, except that Sub may assign,
in its sole discretion, any of or all its rights, interests and
obligations under this Agreement to Parent or to any direct or
indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent, but no such
assignment shall relieve Sub of any of its obligations hereunder
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be
binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by,
the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

SECTION
8.10.     
Specific Enforcement;
Consent to Jurisdiction.
 The parties agree that irreparable
damage would occur and that the parties would not have any
adequate remedy at law in the event that any of the provisions
of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly
agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any
Federal court located in the State of Delaware or in any state
court in the State of Delaware, this being in addition to any
other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. In
addition, each of the parties hereto (a) consents to submit
itself to the personal jurisdiction of any Federal court located
in the State of Delaware or of any state court located in the
State of Delaware in the event any dispute arises out of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such
personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from
any such court and (c) agrees that it will not bring any
action relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than a Federal
court located in the State of Delaware or a state court located
in the State of Delaware.

SECTION
8.11.     
Severability.
 If any
term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy,
all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such
determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect
the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law in an acceptable
manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are
fulfilled to the extent possible.

A-43

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company have caused this
Agreement to be signed by their respective officers thereunto
duly authorized, all as of the date first written above.

    KING PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.,

By: 

    Name:

    Title:

    MERLIN 2002 ACQUISITION CORP.,

By: 

    Name:

    Title:

    MERIDIAN MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,

By: 

    Name:

    Title:

A-44

ANNEX I

TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Index of Defined Terms

Term

Accrued Unused Vacation

Section 5.09(b)

Acquiring Person

Section 3.01(v)

Actions

Section 4.01(d)

Adjusted Option

Section 5.04(a)

Adverse Recommendation Change

Section 4.02(b)

Affected Employees

Section 5.09(a)

Affiliate

Section 8.03(a)

Agreement

Preamble

Appraisal Shares

Section 2.01(d)

Certificate

Section 2.01(c)

Certificate of Merger

Section 1.03

Claim

Section 5.05(b)

Closing

Section 1.02

Closing Date

Section 1.02

Code

Section 2.02(h)

Commonly Controlled Entity

Section 3.01(k)

Company

Preamble

Company Benefit Agreements

Section 3.01(g)

Company Benefit Plans

Section 3.01(k)

Company By-laws

Section 3.01(a)

Company Certificate

Section 1.05(a)

Company Common Stock

Preamble

Company Consolidated Group

Section 3.01(o)

Company Disclosure Letter

Section 8.03(b)

Company Pension Plan

Section 3.01(m)

Company Preferred Stock

Section 3.01(c)

Company Stock-Based Awards

Section 3.01(c)

Company Stock Options

Section 3.01(c)

Company Stock Plans

Section 3.01(c)

Confidentiality Agreement

Section 5.02

Contract

Section 3.01(d)

CSA

Section 3.01(w)

DEA

Section 3.01(w)

DGCL

Section 1.01

Effective Time

Section 1.03

Environmental Laws

Section 3.01(j)

ERISA

Section 3.01(m)

ESPP

Section 3.01(c)

Exchange Act

Section 3.01(d)

Exchange Fund

Section 2.02(a)

A-45

Term

Exchange Ratio

Section 5.04(a)

FDA

Section 3.01(j)

FDCA

Section 3.01(j)

Filed SEC Documents

Section 3.01(e)

GAAP

Section 3.01(e)

Government Contract

Section 3.01(i)

Governmental Entity

Section 3.01(d)

Hazardous Materials

Section 3.01(j)

HSR Act

Section 3.01(d)

Indemnified Parties

Section 5.05(b)

Intellectual Property Rights

Section 3.01(q)

IRS

Section 3.01(m)

Knowledge

Section 8.03(c)

Legal Provisions

Section 3.01(j)

Liens

Section 3.01(b)

Matching Proposal

Section 7.01(f)

Material Adverse Change

Section 8.03(d)

Material Adverse Effect

Section 8.03(d)

Merger

Preamble

Merger Consideration

Section 2.01(c)

Notice of Adverse Recommendation

Section 4.02(b)

Parachute Gross Up Payment

Section 3.01(n)

Parent

Preamble

Parent Common Stock

Section 5.04(a)

Parent Material Adverse Effect

Section 8.03(e)

Parents Plans

Section 5.09(b)

Paying Agent

Section 2.02(a)

Permits

Section 3.01(j)

person

Section 8.03(f)

Pharmaceutical Product

Section 3.01(w)

PHCA

Section 3.01(w)

Post-Signing Returns

Section 4.01(d)

Primary Company Executives

Section 3.01(n)

Product Licensee

Section 3.01(w)

Proxy Statement

Section 3.01(d)

Representatives

Section 4.02(a)

Release

Section 3.01(j)

Restraints

Section 6.01(d)

Rights

Section 3.01(v)

Rights Agreement

Section 3.01(v)

SEC

Section 3.01(d)

SEC Documents

Section 3.01(e)

Section 203

Section 3.01(s)

Section 262

Section 2.01(d)

A-46

Term

Securities Act

Section 3.01(e)

Stockholder Approval

Section 3.01(r)

Stockholders Meeting

Section 5.01(b)

Sub

Preamble

Subsidiary

Section 8.03(g)

Superior Proposal

Section 4.02(a)

Surviving Corporation

Section 1.01

Takeover Proposal

Section 4.02(a)

taxes

Section 3.01(o)

taxing authority

Section 3.01(o)

tax returns

Section 3.01(o)

Termination Fee

Section 5.06(b)

Treatment, Storage and/or Disposal

Section 3.01(j)

Warrants

Section 3.01(c)

A-47

EXHIBIT A

TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation

FIRST:
 The name of the corporation (hereinafter
called the Corporation) is MERIDIAN MEDICAL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

SECOND:
 The address, including street, number, city,
and county, of the registered office of the Corporation in the
State of Delaware is 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400,
Wilmington, Delaware 19808, County of New Castle; and the name
of the registered agent of the Corporation in the State of
Delaware at such address is Corporation Service Company.

THIRD:
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage
in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be
organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware.

FOURTH:
 The aggregate number of shares which the
Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000 shares of
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share.

FIFTH:
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the
powers conferred upon it by law, the Board of Directors of the
Corporation is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal
the By-laws of the Corporation.

SIXTH:
 To the fullest extent permitted by the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as it now
exists and as it may hereafter be amended, no director or
officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the
Corporation or any of its stockholders for monetary damages for
breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer; provided,
however, that nothing contained in this Article SIXTH shall
eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer
(i) for any breach of the directors or officers
duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders,
(ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law,
(iii) pursuant to Section 174 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or (iv) for any
transaction from which the director or officer derived an
improper personal benefit. No amendment to or repeal of this
Article SIXTH shall apply to or have any effect on the
liability or alleged liability of any director or officer of the
Corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such
director or officer occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

SEVENTH:
 The Corporation shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by Section 145 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, as the same may be amended and
supplemented, indemnify any and all persons whom it shall have
power to indemnify under said Section from and against any and
all of the expenses, liabilities, or other matters referred to
in or covered by said Section. Such indemnification shall be
mandatory and not discretionary. The indemnification provided
for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to
which those indemnified may be entitled under any by-law,
agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and
as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and
shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of
the heirs, executors, and administrators of such a person. Any
repeal or modification of this Article SEVENTH shall not
adversely affect any right to indemnification of any persons
existing at the time of such repeal or modification with respect
to any matter occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

EIGHTH:
 Unless and except to the extent that the
By-laws of the Corporation shall so require, the election of
directors of the Corporation need not be by written ballot.

A-48

Appendix B

    October 19, 2002

Board of Directors

Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc.

10240 Old Columbia Road

Columbia, Maryland 21046

Gentlemen:

Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc. (the Company)
and King Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Acquiror)
propose to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
Agreement) pursuant to which the Acquiror will
acquire 100% of the outstanding common stock of the Company in a
cash transaction (the Transaction) valued at $44.50
per share (the Purchase Price). The Agreement
provides that the Company will be acquired by the Acquiror
through the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Acquiror
with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving
corporation.

You have asked us whether or not, in our opinion, the Purchase
Price is fair to the holders of common stock of the Company from
a financial point of view.

In arriving at the opinion set forth below, we have, among other
things:

  1. 

    Reviewed the Companys Annual Reports on Form 10-K and
    related publicly-available financial information for the three
    fiscal years ended July 31, 2002;

  2. 

    Reviewed certain financial and operating information relating to
    the business, earnings, cash flow, assets and prospects of the
    Company, furnished to us by the Company;

  3. 

    Reviewed certain financial projections prepared by the
    management of the Company;

  4. 

    Conducted discussions with members of senior management of the
    Company concerning its operations, financial condition and
    prospects;

  5. 

    Reviewed the historical market prices and trading activity for
    shares of the common stock of the Company and compared them with
    those of certain publicly-traded companies which we deemed to be
    reasonably similar to the Company;

  6. 

    Compared the financial performance of the Company with that of
    certain companies which we deemed to be reasonably similar to
    the Company;

  7. 

    Compared the proposed financial terms of the Transaction with
    the financial terms of certain other mergers and acquisitions
    which we deemed to be relevant;

  8. 

    Reviewed a draft of the Agreement dated October 18, 2002,
    including the disclosure schedules;

  9. 

    Performed discounted cash flow analyses; and

10. 

    Reviewed such other financial studies, performed such other
    analyses and investigations and took into account such other
    matters as we deemed appropriate.

In preparing our opinion, we have relied on the accuracy and
completeness of all information reviewed by us, and we have not
independently verified such information or undertaken an
independent valuation or appraisal of the assets of the Company,
nor have we been furnished with any such valuation or appraisal.

With respect to the financial projections supplied to us, we
have assumed that they have been reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and good faith
judgments of senior management of the Company of the future
competitive, operating and regulatory environments and related

B-1

financial performance of the Company. We express no opinion with
respect to such projections or the assumptions on which they are
based. Furthermore, we have neither reviewed the books and
records of the Company nor conducted a physical inspection of
the properties or facilities of the Company. We have assumed
that the executed version of the Agreement will not differ in
any material respect from the last draft we reviewed, and that
the Transaction will be consummated on the terms set forth
therein, without waiver or modification of any material terms.
Our opinion is necessarily based on economic, market and other
conditions and circumstances as they exist and can be evaluated
on, and the information made available to us as of, the date
hereof.

This opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any
stockholder of the Company as to how any such stockholder should
vote on the Transaction. This opinion does not address the
relative merits of the Transaction and any other transactions or
business strategies discussed by the Board of Directors of the
Company as alternatives to the Transaction or the decision of
the Board of Directors of the Company to proceed with the
Transaction.

Our opinion addresses only the fairness from a financial point
of view to the holders of common stock of the Company of the
consideration to be received by such stockholders, and we do not
express any views on any other terms of the Transaction.

It is understood that this letter is for the information of the
Board of Directors and, except for inclusion of this letter in
its entirety in a proxy statement of the Company relating to the
Transaction, may not be used or quoted for any other purpose
without our prior written consent.

In rendering this opinion, we have not been engaged to act as an
agent or fiduciary of the holders of common stock of the Company
or any other third party. We have acted as financial advisor to
the Board of Directors in connection with the transaction
described in this letter and we will receive a fee for our
services.

On the basis of, and subject to the foregoing, we are of the
opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Purchase Price to be
received by the holders of common stock of the Company pursuant
to the Agreement is fair to such stockholders from a financial
point of view.

    Very truly yours,

    GERARD KLAUER MATTISON & CO., INC.

By: 

    /s/ Robert J. Fraiman, Jr. 

    Robert J. Fraiman, Jr.

    Senior Managing Director

B-2

Appendix C

SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

262.     Appraisal rights.

(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who
holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a demand
pursuant to subsection (d) of this section with respect to
such shares, who continuously holds such shares through the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise
complied with subsection (d) of this section and who has
neither voted in favor of the merger or consolidation nor
consented thereto in writing pursuant to 228 of this title
shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery of
the fair value of the stockholders shares of stock under
the circumstances described in subsections (b) and (c) of
this section. As used in this section, the word
stockholder means a holder of record of stock in a
stock corporation and also a member of record of a nonstock
corporation; the words stock and share
mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words and
also membership or membership interest of a member of a nonstock
corporation; and the words depository receipt mean a
receipt or other instrument issued by a depository representing
an interest in one or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely
of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the
depository.

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of
any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation in a
merger or consolidation to be effected pursuant to 251
(other than a merger effected pursuant to 251(g) of this
title), 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 or
264 of this title:

    (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this
    section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
    of stock, which stock, or depository receipts in respect
    thereof, at the record date fixed to determine the stockholders
    entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the meeting of
    stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or
    consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national
    securities exchange or designated as a national market system
    security on an interdealer quotation system by the National
    Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held of
    record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided that no
    appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of
    the constituent corporation surviving a merger if the merger did
    not require for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the
    surviving corporation as provided in subsection (f) of
    251 of this title.

    (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection,
    appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the
    shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent
    corporation if the holders thereof are required by the terms of
    an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to
    251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title
    to accept for such stock anything except:

    a. Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or
    resulting from such merger or consolidation, or depository
    receipts in respect thereof;

    b. Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository
    receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or
    depository receipts in respect thereof) or depository receipts
    at the effective date of the merger or consolidation will be
    either listed on a national securities exchange or designated as
    a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
    system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
    or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

    c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional
    depository receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a.
    and b. of this paragraph; or

    d. Any combination of the shares of stock, depository
    receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional
    depository receipts described in the foregoing
    subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this paragraph.

    (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware
    corporation party to a merger effected under 253 of this
    title is not owned by the parent corporation immediately prior
    to the merger, appraisal rights shall be available for the
    shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

C-1

(c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of
incorporation that appraisal rights under this section shall be
available for the shares of any class or series of its stock as
a result of an amendment to its certificate of incorporation,
any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all
of the assets of the corporation. If the certificate of
incorporation contains such a provision, the procedures of this
section, including those set forth in subsections (d) and
(e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

(d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

    (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which
    appraisal rights are provided under this section is to be
    submitted for approval at a meeting of stockholders, the
    corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,
    shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record
    date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
    rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c)
    hereof that appraisal rights are available for any or all of the
    shares of the constituent corporations, and shall include in
    such notice a copy of this section. Each stockholder electing to
    demand the appraisal of such stockholders shares shall
    deliver to the corporation, before the taking of the vote on the
    merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of such
    stockholders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it
    reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
    stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand
    the appraisal of such stockholders shares. A proxy or vote
    against the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a
    demand. A stockholder electing to take such action must do so by
    a separate written demand as herein provided. Within
    10 days after the effective date of such merger or
    consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall
    notify each stockholder of each constituent corporation who has
    complied with this subsection and has not voted in favor of or
    consented to the merger or consolidation of the date that the
    merger or consolidation has become effective; or

    (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to
    228 or 253 of this title, then either a constituent
    corporation before the effective date of the merger or
    consolidation or the surviving or resulting corporation within
    10 days thereafter shall notify each of the holders of any
    class or series of stock of such constituent corporation who are
    entitled to appraisal rights of the approval of the merger or
    consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for any or
    all shares of such class or series of stock of such constituent
    corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of this
    section. Such notice may, and, if given on or after the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also
    notify such stockholders of the effective date of the merger or
    consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to appraisal rights may,
    within 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice,
    demand in writing from the surviving or resulting corporation
    the appraisal of such holders shares. Such demand will be
    sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the
    identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends
    thereby to demand the appraisal of such holders shares. If
    such notice did not notify stockholders of the effective date of
    the merger or consolidation, either (i) each such
    constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of
    the holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent
    corporation that are entitled to appraisal rights of the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation or (ii) the
    surviving or resulting corporation shall send such a second
    notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such
    effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is
    sent more than 20 days following the sending of the first
    notice, such second notice need only be sent to each stockholder
    who is entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded
    appraisal of such holders shares in accordance with this
    subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary
    or of the transfer agent of the corporation that is required to
    give either notice that such notice has been given shall, in the
    absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated
    therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled
    to receive either notice, each constituent corporation may fix,
    in advance, a record date that shall be not more than
    10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided,
    that if the notice is given on or after the effective date of
    the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be such
    effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is
    given prior to the effective date, the record date shall be the
    close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the
    notice is given.

(e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the
merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation
or any stockholder who has complied with subsections (a)
and (d) hereof and who is otherwise

C-2

entitled to appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court
of Chancery demanding a determination of the value of the stock
of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any
time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to
withdraw such stockholders demand for appraisal and to
accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation.
Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the
requirements of subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon
written request, shall be entitled to receive from the
corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of
shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and
with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received
and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written
statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days
after such stockholders written request for such a
statement is received by the surviving or resulting corporation
or within 10 days after expiration of the period for
delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d)
hereof, whichever is later.

(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder,
service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or
resulting corporation, which shall within 20 days after
such service file in the office of the Register in Chancery in
which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded
payment for their shares and with whom agreements as to the
value of their shares have not been reached by the surviving or
resulting corporation. If the petition shall be filed by the
surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be
accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in
Chancery, if so ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the
time and place fixed for the hearing of such petition by
registered or certified mail to the surviving or resulting
corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the
addresses therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1
or more publications at least 1 week before the day of the
hearing, in a newspaper of general circulation published in the
City of Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as the Court
deems advisable. The Court shall approve the forms of the
notices by mail and by publication, and the costs thereof shall
be borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

(g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall
determine the stockholders who have complied with this section
and who have become entitled to appraisal rights. The Court may
require the stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for
their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery
for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal
proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply with such
direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to such
stockholder.

(h) After determining the stockholders entitled to an
appraisal, the Court shall appraise the shares, determining
their fair value exclusive of any element of value arising from
the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to
be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In
determining such fair value, the Court shall take into account
all relevant factors. In determining the fair rate of interest,
the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate
of interest, which the surviving or resulting corporation would
have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the
proceeding. Upon application by the surviving or resulting
corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate in the
appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit
discovery or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial
upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the
stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name
appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and
who has submitted such stockholders certificates of stock
to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may
participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally
determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal
rights under this section.

(i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of
the shares, together with interest, if any, by the surviving or
resulting corporation to the stockholders entitled thereto.
Interest may be simple or compound, as the Court may direct.
Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case
of holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of
holders of shares represented by certificates upon the surrender
to the corporation of the certificates representing such stock.
The Courts decree may be enforced as other decrees in the
Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving or
resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any
state.

C-3

(j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the
Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in
the circumstances. Upon application of a stockholder, the Court
may order all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any
stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding,
including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees
and the fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata
against the value of all the shares entitled to an appraisal.

(k) From and after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights
as provided in subsection (d) of this section shall be
entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive
payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except
dividends or other distributions payable to stockholders of
record at a date which is prior to the effective date of the
merger or consolidation); provided, however, that if no petition
for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in
subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder
shall deliver to the surviving or resulting corporation a
written withdrawal of such stockholders demand for an
appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation,
either within 60 days after the effective date of the
merger or consolidation as provided in subsection (e) of
this section or thereafter with the written approval of the
corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal
shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal
proceeding in the Court of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any
stockholder without the approval of the Court, and such approval
may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems just.

(l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to
which the shares of such objecting stockholders would have been
converted had they assented to the merger or consolidation shall
have the status of authorized and unissued shares of the
surviving or resulting corporation.

C-4

Please mark your

votes as in this

example

The Proxy when properly executed will be voted in the manner directed
herein. If you sign and return this Proxy without direction, this Proxy
will be voted FOR the approval and adoption of the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of October 19, 2002, among King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
Merlin 2002 Acquisition Corp. and Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc.

The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR proposal 1.

1.

Approval and
Adoption of the
Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as
of October 19,
2002, among King
Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., Merlin 2002
Acquisition Corp.
and Meridian
Medical
Technologies, Inc.

FOR 
[ ]

AGAINST 
[ ]

ABSTAIN 
[ ]

2.

In their
discretion, upon
such other matters,
as may properly
come before the
meeting.

Signature(s): _______________________________________________________

Signature(s):  _______________________________________________________

Date:  _________________

Please sign here personally. Signature of stockholder(s) should correspond
directly with name(s) in which shares are registered. If the stock is
registered in more than one name, each joint owner or fiduciary should
sign personally. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator,
trustee or guardian, please give your full title as such. If a
corporation, please sign the full corporate name by authorized officer,
giving your full title as such. If a partnership, please sign in the
partnership name by authorized person, giving your full title as such.

/\ Fold and Detach Here /\

PROXY VOTING INSTRUCTION CARD

Your vote is important. Casting your vote in one of the three ways
described on this instruction card votes all shares of common stock of
Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc. that you are entitled to vote.

Please consider the issues discussed in the proxy statement and cast your
vote by:



Accessing the World Wide Web site [http://www.  ______________ ] to vote via the Internet.



Using a touch-tone telephone to vote by
phone toll free from the U.S. or Canada. Simply dial
[______] and follow the instructions. When you
are finished voting, your vote will be confirmed and
the call will end.



Completing, dating, signing and mailing
the proxy card in the postage-paid envelope included
with the proxy statement or sending it to Meridian
Medical Technologies, Inc., c/o 
[PROXY SOLICITOR NAME
AND ADDRESS]

You can vote by phone or via the Internet anytime prior to [_________]. You will need the control number printed at the top of this
instruction card to vote by phone or via the Internet. If you do so, you
do not need to mail in your proxy card.

This Proxy Solicited by the Board of Directors of

MERIDIAN MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

for the Special Meeting of Stockholders on December ___, 2002

     The undersigned hereby appoints Dennis P. OBrien and Jody
Michael, and either of them, proxies of the undersigned, with full
power of substitution, to vote all shares of common stock of Meridian
Medical Technologies, Inc. (the Company) that the undersigned is
entitled to vote, at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of the
Company to be held on December ___, 2002, and at any adjournments
thereof with all powers the undersigned would possess if personally
present, as follows on the reverse side of this proxy card.

     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL 1. THIS
PROXY WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED WILL BE VOTED IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED
HEREIN.

(Continued on Other Side, Please Sign and

Date on Other Side, and Return in Enclosed Envelope)

SEE

REVERSE

SIDE

/\ Fold and Detach Here /\

MERIDIAN MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Special Meeting of Stockholders

DATE:

DECEMBER ___, 2002

TIME:

PLACE:

GRAPHIC

w64867x-logo.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 w64867x-logo.gif
M1TE&.#=A+0`Q`/<`````````50``J@``_P`D```D50`DJ@`D_P!)``!)50!)
MJ@!)_P!M``!M50!MJ@!M_P"2``"250"2J@"2_P"V``"V50"VJ@"V_P#;``#;
M50#;J@#;_P#_``#_50#_J@#__R0``"0`520`JB0`_R0D`"0D520DJB0D_R1)
M`"1)521)JB1)_R1M`"1M521MJB1M_R22`"225222JB22_R2V`"2V522VJB2V
M_R3;`"3;523;JB3;_R3_`"3_523_JB3__TD``$D`54D`JDD`_TDD`$DD54DD
MJDDD_TE)`$E)54E)JDE)_TEM`$EM54EMJDEM_TF2`$F254F2JDF2_TFV`$FV
M54FVJDFV_TG;`$G;54G;JDG;_TG_`$G_54G_JDG__VT``&T`56T`JFT`_VTD
M`&TD56TDJFTD_VU)`&U)56U)JFU)_VUM`&UM56UMJFUM_VV2`&V256V2JFV2
M_VVV`&VV56VVJFVV_VW;`&W;56W;JFW;_VW_`&W_56W_JFW__Y(``)(`59(`
MJI(`_Y(D`)(D59(DJI(D_Y))`)))59))JI))_Y)M`))M59)MJI)M_Y*2`)*2
M59*2JI*2_Y*V`)*V59*VJI*V_Y+;`)+;59+;JI+;_Y+_`)+_59+_JI+__[8`
M`+8`5;8`JK8`_[8D`+8D5;8DJK8D_[9)`+9)5;9)JK9)_[9M`+9M5;9MJK9M
M_[:2`+:25;:2JK:2_[:V`+:V5;:VJK:V_[;;`+;;5;;;JK;;_[;_`+;_5;;_
MJK;__]L``-L`5=L`JML`_]LD`-LD5=LDJMLD_]M)`-M)5=M)JMM)_]MM`-MM
M5=MMJMMM_]N2`-N25=N2JMN2_]NV`-NV5=NVJMNV_]O;`-O;5=O;JMO;_]O_
M`-O_5=O_JMO___\``/\`5?\`JO\`__\D`/\D5?\DJO\D__])`/])5?])JO])
M__]M`/]M5?]MJO]M__^2`/^25?^2JO^2__^V`/^V5?^VJO^V___;`/_;5?_;
MJO_;____`/__5?__JO___R'Y!```````+``````M`#$`0`C,``$('$BPH,
M`O\I7,BP(8"&$"-*5/APHD.+"P=B_%=Q(T>)!!UJA-AQ8TF/&$^B7,FRI
38]V212I7;MF[)!,R!+OW;=Z.
M?/L^M8A3[U6X50.'14QXZ]3!4`L2]BL2L.''>"MKY@IYLV?!F8W6C4NY:%V$
1J%-?9LNZM>O7L&/+9AT0`#L_
`
end

GRAPHIC

w64867computer.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 w64867computer.gif
M1TE&.#=A*``H`/<`````````50``J@``_P`D```D50`DJ@`D_P!)``!)50!)
MJ@!)_P!M``!M50!MJ@!M_P"2``"250"2J@"2_P"V``"V50"VJ@"V_P#;``#;
M50#;J@#;_P#_``#_50#_J@#__R0``"0`520`JB0`_R0D`"0D520DJB0D_R1)
M`"1)521)JB1)_R1M`"1M521MJB1M_R22`"225222JB22_R2V`"2V522VJB2V
M_R3;`"3;523;JB3;_R3_`"3_523_JB3__TD``$D`54D`JDD`_TDD`$DD54DD
MJDDD_TE)`$E)54E)JDE)_TEM`$EM54EMJDEM_TF2`$F254F2JDF2_TFV`$FV
M54FVJDFV_TG;`$G;54G;JDG;_TG_`$G_54G_JDG__VT``&T`56T`JFT`_VTD
M`&TD56TDJFTD_VU)`&U)56U)JFU)_VUM`&UM56UMJFUM_VV2`&V256V2JFV2
M_VVV`&VV56VVJFVV_VW;`&W;56W;JFW;_VW_`&W_56W_JFW__Y(``)(`59(`
MJI(`_Y(D`)(D59(DJI(D_Y))`)))59))JI))_Y)M`))M59)MJI)M_Y*2`)*2
M59*2JI*2_Y*V`)*V59*VJI*V_Y+;`)+;59+;JI+;_Y+_`)+_59+_JI+__[8`
M`+8`5;8`JK8`_[8D`+8D5;8DJK8D_[9)`+9)5;9)JK9)_[9M`+9M5;9MJK9M
M_[:2`+:25;:2JK:2_[:V`+:V5;:VJK:V_[;;`+;;5;;;JK;;_[;_`+;_5;;_
MJK;__]L``-L`5=L`JML`_]LD`-LD5=LDJMLD_]M)`-M)5=M)JMM)_]MM`-MM
M5=MMJMMM_]N2`-N25=N2JMN2_]NV`-NV5=NVJMNV_]O;`-O;5=O;JMO;_]O_
M`-O_5=O_JMO___\``/\`5?\`JO\`__\D`/\D5?\DJO\D__])`/])5?])JO])
M__]M`/]M5?]MJO]M__^2`/^25?^2JO^2__^V`/^V5?^VJO^V___;`/_;5?_;
MJO_;____`/__5?__JO___R'Y!```````+``````H`"@`0`CR`/\)'`B@H,
M"!,"&,BPH4,`U@`D44@QXD*'&!L"T&;-&D>/'3^*]'@QH\F3*%.J7,E28\2)
M%`%(DB018L&6`C=V!,ES)$==%G%"U!:SX"Z#%FWB9/A-8--_3Y
UJLNB
M"H,*)0H3Z\2C)5D"L%43*X`4-L.N-%MTJ=FD.[6N96O6JMV[>//JW9L18MR_
M<4?>W%H0;=$4$\FJ56FS:]&)VP:W;$PWK5M=9]E.E"OV99+/B$,G$8V6Z.*4
M0T."Y,B:9T?)DPT"Y;C-XS5MMY.>9ESYH-NT%&U93(HY=F^*

GRAPHIC

w64867phone.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 w64867phone.gif
M1TE&.#=A*``H`/<`````````50``J@``_P`D```D50`DJ@`D_P!)``!)50!)
MJ@!)_P!M``!M50!MJ@!M_P"2``"250"2J@"2_P"V``"V50"VJ@"V_P#;``#;
M50#;J@#;_P#_``#_50#_J@#__R0``"0`520`JB0`_R0D`"0D520DJB0D_R1)
M`"1)521)JB1)_R1M`"1M521MJB1M_R22`"225222JB22_R2V`"2V522VJB2V
M_R3;`"3;523;JB3;_R3_`"3_523_JB3__TD``$D`54D`JDD`_TDD`$DD54DD
MJDDD_TE)`$E)54E)JDE)_TEM`$EM54EMJDEM_TF2`$F254F2JDF2_TFV`$FV
M54FVJDFV_TG;`$G;54G;JDG;_TG_`$G_54G_JDG__VT``&T`56T`JFT`_VTD
M`&TD56TDJFTD_VU)`&U)56U)JFU)_VUM`&UM56UMJFUM_VV2`&V256V2JFV2
M_VVV`&VV56VVJFVV_VW;`&W;56W;JFW;_VW_`&W_56W_JFW__Y(``)(`59(`
MJI(`_Y(D`)(D59(DJI(D_Y))`)))59))JI))_Y)M`))M59)MJI)M_Y*2`)*2
M59*2JI*2_Y*V`)*V59*VJI*V_Y+;`)+;59+;JI+;_Y+_`)+_59+_JI+__[8`
M`+8`5;8`JK8`_[8D`+8D5;8DJK8D_[9)`+9)5;9)JK9)_[9M`+9M5;9MJK9M
M_[:2`+:25;:2JK:2_[:V`+:V5;:VJK:V_[;;`+;;5;;;JK;;_[;_`+;_5;;_
MJK;__]L``-L`5=L`JML`_]LD`-LD5=LDJMLD_]M)`-M)5=M)JMM)_]MM`-MM
M5=MMJMMM_]N2`-N25=N2JMN2_]NV`-NV5=NVJMNV_]O;`-O;5=O;JMO;_]O_
M`-O_5=O_JMO___\``/\`5?\`JO\`__\D`/\D5?\DJO\D__])`/])5?])JO])
M__]M`/]M5?]MJO]M__^2`/^25?^2JO^2__^V`/^V5?^VJO^V___;`/_;5?_;
MJO_;____`/__5?__JO___R'Y!```````+``````H`"@`0`C7`/\)'$BPH,
M"`V":P>N(2A0#2-*G`@`W$.(#1,.E#=PHL>/&36*'$FRI,F3"B,R!`>@Y<6+
M+`&TDY<1@,:9!FE*K-BRHD>;*`6^'$IT:-"C2),J74HRXL.(`(K"9#D57%"/
M[=PQ7!GQ9%:"(!OZ_'BTW<.Q8<4^9,JVK=NW<./*G8L0Z,2L\;1V10I5HE10
M:">*=#HU,$6'3T-J/)Q6L&"$[1#^G`DNGD>3'`MB!>>NHKO+)B-WI&@8M-?.

GRAPHIC

w64867letter.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 w64867letter.gif
M1TE&.#=A*``H`/<`````````50``J@``_P`D```D50`DJ@`D_P!)``!)50!)
MJ@!)_P!M``!M50!MJ@!M_P"2``"250"2J@"2_P"V``"V50"VJ@"V_P#;``#;
M50#;J@#;_P#_``#_50#_J@#__R0``"0`520`JB0`_R0D`"0D520DJB0D_R1)
M`"1)521)JB1)_R1M`"1M521MJB1M_R22`"225222JB22_R2V`"2V522VJB2V
M_R3;`"3;523;JB3;_R3_`"3_523_JB3__TD``$D`54D`JDD`_TDD`$DD54DD
MJDDD_TE)`$E)54E)JDE)_TEM`$EM54EMJDEM_TF2`$F254F2JDF2_TFV`$FV
M54FVJDFV_TG;`$G;54G;JDG;_TG_`$G_54G_JDG__VT``&T`56T`JFT`_VTD
M`&TD56TDJFTD_VU)`&U)56U)JFU)_VUM`&UM56UMJFUM_VV2`&V256V2JFV2
M_VVV`&VV56VVJFVV_VW;`&W;56W;JFW;_VW_`&W_56W_JFW__Y(``)(`59(`
MJI(`_Y(D`)(D59(DJI(D_Y))`)))59))JI))_Y)M`))M59)MJI)M_Y*2`)*2
M59*2JI*2_Y*V`)*V59*VJI*V_Y+;`)+;59+;JI+;_Y+_`)+_59+_JI+__[8`
M`+8`5;8`JK8`_[8D`+8D5;8DJK8D_[9)`+9)5;9)JK9)_[9M`+9M5;9MJK9M
M_[:2`+:25;:2JK:2_[:V`+:V5;:VJK:V_[;;`+;;5;;;JK;;_[;_`+;_5;;_
MJK;__]L``-L`5=L`JML`_]LD`-LD5=LDJMLD_]M)`-M)5=M)JMM)_]MM`-MM
M5=MMJMMM_]N2`-N25=N2JMN2_]NV`-NV5=NVJMNV_]O;`-O;5=O;JMO;_]O_
M`-O_5=O_JMO___\``/\`5?\`JO\`__\D`/\D5?\DJO\D__])`/])5?])JO])
M__]M`/]M5?]MJO]M__^2`/^25?^2JO^2__^V`/^V5?^VJO^V___;`/_;5?_;
MJO_;____`/__5?__JO___R'Y!```````+``````H`"@`0`C``/\)'$BPH,
M"`T"6.C/W[^QU"]`>`(H"$&`DN?/BO(D>)#Q=NS$BRI,F3*%,B%"FRX4B5
M`AFZ9`D.',N;#F'&%*FSI\^?0%5>]'GSHL2&$"N^%*K4HT.6'4%ZA+GQZ,*:
M-9W.',J4(D>H0<.*'4NVK-FS:%."#8L3Z
/",BY3CPXE*4+',*/#KS+56C
M+2UF==J1JUJMA;':M'K7I,R0%J%*;5RRJM&/A2DS+6IXK.:TH$.+'DVZM.G3
%I@,"`#L_
`
end

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----