URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1042810/000095014402013044/0000950144-02-013044.txt

MI GARDENS DR SUITE 200
		CITY:			NORTH MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33179

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1696 N E MIAMI GARDENS DR SUITE 200
		CITY:			NORTH MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33179

S-4/A

g79702a1sv4za.htm

EQUITY ONE, INC.

Equity One, Inc.



As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on December 24, 2002

Registration No. 333-101776

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Amendment No. 1

to

Form S-4

REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933

Equity One, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
charter)

Maryland

52-1794271

(State or other jurisdiction of

    incorporation or organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial

    Classification Code Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

    Identification Number)

1696 N.E. Miami Gardens Drive

North Miami Beach, Florida 33179

(305) 947-1664

(Address, including zip code and telephone
number including area code of Registrants principal
executive offices)

Chaim Katzman

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Equity One, Inc.

1696 N.E. Miami Gardens Drive

North Miami Beach, Florida 33179

(305) 947-1664

(Name, address, including zip code, and
telephone number, including area code, of agent for
service)

Please send copies of all communications
to:

Ira N. Rosner, Esq

    Arthur L. Gallagher, Esq.

    Greenberg Traurig, P.A.

    1221 Brickell Avenue, Suite 2200

    Miami, Florida 33131

    (305) 579-0500

    (305) 579-0717 (Fax)

Brad S. Markoff, Esq.

    Jeffrey D. Miller, Esq.

    Alston & Bird LLP

    3201 Beechleaf Court, Suite 600

    Raleigh, North Carolina 27604-1062

    (919) 862-2200

    (919) 862-2260 (Fax)

Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public:
 As soon as
practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective
and all other conditions to the proposed merger described herein
have been satisfied.

If the securities being registered on this Form
are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding
company and there is compliance with General Instruction G,
check the following
box.    
o

If this Form is filed to register additional
securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same
offering.    
o

If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the
same
offering.    
o

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

Proposed Maximum

Proposed Maximum

Title of Each Class

Amount to be

Offering

Aggregate

Amount of

of Securities to be Registered

Registered

Price Per Unit

Offering Price

Registration Fee

Equity One, Inc. Common Stock, par value $0.01

32,494,550(1)

$13.23(2)

$429,830,692(2)

$39,545(3)*

(1) 

The amount of shares of Equity One, Inc. common
    stock, par value $0.01 per share, to be registered is calculated
    as the product obtained by multiplying (a) the exchange
    ratio of 0.9 Equity One shares for each share of common stock of
    IRT Property Company, par value $1.00 per share, by
    (b) 36,105,056, the aggregate number of shares of IRT
    common stock outstanding (including shares that may be issued
    upon the exercise of options to purchase IRT common stock and
    upon redemption of limited partnership units) on
    December 9, 2002.

(2) 

Pursuant to Rules 457(f) and 457(c) under
    the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and estimated solely for
    the purpose of calculating the registration fee, the proposed
    maximum offering price is equal to the market value of shares of
    common stock of IRT Property Company, based on $11.905, the
    average of the high and low price per share of IRT common stock
    as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on December 4,
    2002, multiplied by the total number of shares of IRT common
    stock to be cancelled in the merger of IRT with and into Equity
    One. The proposed maximum offering price per share of Equity One
    common stock is equal to the proposed maximum aggregate offering
    price determined in the manner described in the preceding
    sentence divided by the maximum number of Equity One shares that
    could be issued in the merger based on an exchange ratio of 0.9.

(3) 

Pursuant to Rule 457(f) and 457(c) under the
    Securities Act, the registration fee has been calculated based
    on the price of $11.905 per share of IRT common stock, as
    calculated in (2) above.

* 

Filing fee previously paid.

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its
effective date until the Registrant shall file a further
amendment that specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with
Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such
date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said
Section 8(a), may determine.



MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS
    VERY IMPORTANT

The board of directors of Equity One, Inc. and
the board of directors of IRT Property Company have each
unanimously approved a merger of IRT with and into Equity One.
We believe the merger will be in the best interest of Equity One
stockholders and IRT shareholders. Accordingly, we ask for your
support in voting for approval of the merger agreement and the
merger.

In the merger, an IRT shareholder may elect to
receive, for each share of IRT common stock, $12.15 in cash,
0.9 shares of Equity One common stock or a combination of
cash and stock, subject to proration as described below. Cash
will be paid instead of issuing fractional shares.

In connection with the merger, IRT shareholders
may not necessarily receive the form of merger consideration
that they elect. The merger agreement limits the number of IRT
shares that may be exchanged for cash in the merger to 50% of
IRTs total outstanding shares. Accordingly, although each
IRT shareholder may elect to receive all of his or her merger
consideration in cash, if cash elections are made for more than
50% of IRTs total outstanding shares, then the number of
shares that will be exchanged for cash will be proportionately
reduced and the remainder will be exchanged for shares of Equity
One common stock. If, however, cash elections are made for less
than 50% of IRTs total outstanding shares, then all IRT
shareholders will receive the form of merger consideration that
they elect.

For those IRT shareholders that receive Equity
One common stock in the merger, the number of shares to be
received for each IRT share is fixed. Therefore, the value of
the consideration to be received by those IRT shareholders will
depend upon the market price of Equity One common stock at the
time of the merger. Equity One common stock is traded on the New
York Stock Exchange under the symbol EQY. On Monday,
December 23, 2002, Equity One common stock closed at
$12.98 per share.

We cannot complete the merger unless Equity One
stockholders and IRT shareholders approve the merger. THEREFORE,
YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. Whether or not you plan to attend
your special meeting, please take the time to vote by completing
and mailing the enclosed proxy card to us. If you sign, date and
mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote,
your proxy will be counted as a vote in favor of the merger. If
you fail to return your proxy card, the effect will be a vote
against the merger unless you attend your special meeting and
vote in person for the merger.

IRT shareholders may also vote by telephone or
through the Internet as instructed on your proxy card. The proxy
solicitation company, Georgeson Shareholder Communications, may
call IRT shareholders directly to solicit their votes by phone.

IRT shareholders are also being asked to make an
election to receive cash, Equity One common stock or a
combination of cash and stock by completing the form of election
included with this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
submitting the form of election along with the stock certificate
or certificates representing all of their IRT shares to Equity
Ones exchange agent as instructed in the form of election.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus provides
you with detailed information about your special meeting and the
proposed merger. You can also get information from publicly
available documents filed by Equity One and IRT with the SEC.

We encourage you to read this entire document carefully,
including the section entitled Risk Factors
beginning on page 18.

The dates, times and places of the special
meetings are as follows:

For Equity One:

For IRT:

February 12, 2003, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern
    time

February 12, 2003, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern
    time

The Sheraton Bal Harbour

The Cobb Galleria Centre

9701 Collins Avenue

Two Galleria Parkway, Room 113

Bal Harbour, Florida 33154

Atlanta, Georgia 30339

Chaim Katzman

Thomas H. McAuley

Chairman of the Board and

Chairman of the Board and

Chief Executive Officer

Chief Executive Officer

Equity One, Inc.

IRT Property Company

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities regulators have approved or disapproved
of the shares of common stock to be issued in the merger or
passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a
criminal offense.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated
December 24, 2002, and is first being mailed to
stockholders on or about December 31, 2002.



SOURCES OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

This joint proxy statement/prospectus
incorporates important business and financial information about
our companies that is not included in or delivered with this
document. If you are a stockholder of Equity One or a
shareholder of IRT, you can obtain any of the documents
incorporated by reference from Equity One or IRT, as the case
may be, or through the SEC or the SECs web site. The
address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. Documents
incorporated by reference are available from the companies,
without charge, excluding all exhibits unless specifically
incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this document.
Stockholders of Equity One or shareholders of IRT may obtain
documents incorporated by reference in this document by
requesting them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate
company at the following addresses:

Equity One, Inc.

IRT Property Company

1696 N.E. Miami Gardens Drive

200 Galleria Parkway, Suite 1400

Miami, Florida 33179

Atlanta, Georgia 30339

Attention: Investor Relations

Attention: Investor Relations

(305) 947-1664

(770) 955-4406

If you would like to request documents, in
order to ensure timely delivery, you must do so at least five
business days before the date of your special meeting. This
means you must request this information no later than Wednesday,
February 5, 2003. If you request any incorporated
documents, Equity One or IRT will mail them to you by first
class mail, or another equally prompt means, within one business
day after it receives your request.



EQUITY ONE, INC.

1696 N.E. Miami Gardens Drive

North Miami Beach, Florida 33179

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To Be Held On February 12, 2003

To our stockholders:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN

that a special meeting of stockholders
of Equity One, Inc., a Maryland corporation, will be held at
10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on Wednesday, February 12,
2003, at the Sheraton Bal Harbour, 9701 Collins Avenue, Bal
Harbour, Florida 33154, for the following purposes:

1. To vote on the approval of the agreement
    and plan of merger, dated October 28, 2002, by and between
    Equity One and IRT Property Company, a Georgia corporation, a
    copy of which is attached as 
Annex A
 to the
    accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, and the merger of
    IRT with and into Equity One.

2. To vote on the approval of the issuance
    of up to 6,911,000 shares of Equity One common stock
    concurrently with the closing of the merger in connection with a
    private placement to affiliated investors pursuant to the common
    stock purchase agreement, dated October 28, 2002, among
    Equity One and those investors, a copy of which is attached as

Annex B
 to the accompanying joint proxy
    statement/prospectus.

3. To elect Mr. Patrick L. Flinn
    as a Class A director of the Equity One board to hold
    office until the 2005 annual meeting of stockholders and until
    his successor is duly elected and qualifies.

4. To transact any other business as may
    properly come before the special meeting or any adjournments or
    postponements of that meeting.

Completion of the merger is dependent upon the
approval by the Equity One stockholders of the merger. In
addition, to the extent necessary to ensure that an aggregate of
22.3 million shares of Equity One common stock will be
issued in connection with the merger, the completion of the
private placement will also be a condition to the completion of
the merger. The completion of the merger is not, however,
dependent on the election of Mr. Flinn to the Equity One
board.

Only holders of record of Equity One common stock
at the close of business on December 30, 2002 are entitled
to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any
adjournments or postponements of that meeting.

It is important that your shares of common stock
be represented and voted at the meeting. If you do not plan to
attend the meeting and vote your shares of common stock in
person, please mark, sign, date and promptly return your
enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope.

Any proxy may be revoked at any time before its
exercise at the meeting.

By order of the Equity One board of directors

ALAN J. MARCUS

Secretary

North Miami Beach, Florida

December 24, 2002

MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS VERY
IMPORTANT

The Equity One board of directors has
unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger of IRT
with and into Equity One, and recommends that you vote to
approve the merger agreement and the merger as well as the other
proposals included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY

Summary Selected Consolidated Financial Data

RISK FACTORS

SPECIAL NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

ABOUT THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT AND PROSPECTUS

THE EQUITY ONE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place of the Equity One Special Meeting

Purpose of the Equity One Special Meeting; the Proposals

Record Date and Quorum Requirement

Voting

Voting Agreements

Revocation of Proxies

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

Proposal I -- Approval of the Merger and the Merger Agreement

Proposal II -- Approval of the Issuance of Equity One Common Stock in the Private Placement

Valuation Summary.

Proposal III -- Election of Mr. Patrick L. Flinn as a Class A Director

THE IRT SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place of the IRT Special Meeting

Purpose of the IRT Special Meeting; the Merger

Recommendation of the IRT Board

Record Date and Quorum Requirement

Voting Procedures; Required Vote

Voting Agreements

Revocation of Proxies

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

List of IRT Shareholders

THE MERGER

Structure of the Merger

Background of the Merger

Equity Ones Reasons for the Merger

Opinion of Equity Ones Financial Advisor

IRTs Reasons for the Merger

Opinion of IRTs Financial Advisor

Interest of Certain Persons in the Merger; Conflicts of Interest

Financing the Merger

Regulatory and Third Party Approvals

Dissenters Rights

Accounting Treatment

Restriction on Resales by Affiliates

The New York Stock Exchange Listing

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

Shareholder Litigation

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The Merger

Closing and Effective Time of the Merger

Conversion of Shares

Final Dividends

Tax Adjustment

Election Procedure

Exchange Procedure

Treatment of IRT Options

Representations and Warranties

Covenants

Additional Agreements

Conditions to Each Partys Obligations to Complete the Merger

Termination; Break-Up Fee and Expenses

Amendment and Waiver

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER AND SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

Authorized Shares

Voting Rights

Classification of the Board

Number of Directors; Removal of Directors; Vacancies

Limitation of Director and Officer Liability

Indemnification

Statutory Takeover Provisions

Stockholder or Shareholder Requested Special Meetings

Stockholder or Shareholder Action by Written Consent

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder or Shareholder Nominations and Stockholder or Shareholder New Business Proposals

Amendment of the Equity One Charter and the IRT Articles of Incorporation

Amendment of the Equity One and IRT Bylaws

Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets

Dissolution of Equity One or IRT; Termination of REIT Status

Dissenters Rights

Distributions

Stockholder or Shareholder Rights Plan

REIT Ownership Limitations

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL DATA

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

OTHER MATTERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

WHAT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD RELY ON

SIGNATURES

Opinion of Ballard Spahr

Opinion of Greenberg Traurig

Opinion of Greenberg Traurig

Opinion of Alston & Bird LLP

Opinion of Alston & Bird

Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

Consent of Ernst & Young, LLP (UIRT)

Equity One Form of Proxy

IRT Form of Proxy



IRT PROPERTY COMPANY

200 Galleria Parkway,
Suite 1400

Atlanta, Georgia 30339

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

To Be Held On February 12, 2003

To our shareholders:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN

that a special meeting of shareholders
of IRT Property Company, a Georgia corporation, will be held at
10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on Wednesday, February 12,
2003, at The Cobb Galleria Centre, Two Galleria Parkway,
Room 113, Atlanta, Georgia 30339, for the following
purposes:

1. To vote on the approval of the agreement
    and plan of merger, dated October 28, 2002, by and between
    IRT and Equity One, Inc., a Maryland corporation, a copy of
    which is attached as 
Annex A
 to the accompanying joint
    proxy statement/prospectus, and the merger of IRT with and into
    Equity One.

2. To transact any other business as may
    properly come before the special meeting or any adjournments or
    postponements of that meeting.

Completion of the merger is dependent upon the
approval by the IRT shareholders of the merger.

Only holders of record of IRT common stock at the
close of business on December 30, 2002 are entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any
adjournments or postponements of that meeting.

It is important that your shares of common stock
be represented and voted at the meeting. If you do not plan to
attend the meeting and vote your shares of common stock in
person, please mark, sign, date and promptly return your
enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope.

You may also vote by telephone or on the Internet
as instructed on your proxy card. Our proxy solicitation
company, Georgeson Shareholder Communications, may also call you
directly to solicit your vote by phone.

Any proxy may be revoked at any time before its
exercise at the meeting.

By order of the IRT board of directors

/s/ W. Benjamin Jones III

W. BENJAMIN JONES III

Executive Vice President and
    Secretary

Atlanta, Georgia

December 24, 2002

MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS
VERY IMPORTANT

The IRT board of directors has unanimously
approved the merger agreement and the merger of IRT with and
into Equity One, and recommends that you vote to approve the
merger agreement and the merger.





Page

Questions and Answers About the Merger

iv

Summary

Risk Factors

Special Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

About This Joint Proxy Statement and Prospectus

The Equity One Special Meeting

Date, Time and Place of the Equity One Special
    Meeting

Purpose of the Equity One Special Meeting; the
    Proposals

Record Date and Quorum Requirement

Voting

Voting Agreements

Revocation of Proxies

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

Proposal I  Approval of the Merger and
    the Merger Agreement

Vote Required

Recommendation of the Equity One Board

Proposal II  Approval of the Issuance
    of Equity One Common Stock in the Private Placement

The Terms of the Private Placement

Background of the Private Placement

Equity Ones Reasons for the Private
    Placement

Opinion of the Equity One Special
    Committees Financial Advisor

Vote Required

Recommendation of the Equity One Board

Proposal III  Election of
    Mr. Patrick L. Flinn as a Class A Director

Nominee for Director

Vote Required

Recommendation of the Equity One Board

The IRT Special Meeting

Date, Time and Place of the IRT Special Meeting

Purpose of the IRT Special Meeting; the Merger

Recommendation of the IRT Board

Record Date and Quorum Requirement

Voting Procedures; Required Vote

Voting Agreements

Revocation of Proxies

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

List of IRT Shareholders

The Merger

Structure of the Merger

Background of the Merger

Equity Ones Reasons for the Merger

Opinion of Equity Ones Financial Advisor

IRTs Reasons for the Merger

i



Page

Opinion of IRTs Financial Advisor

Interest of Certain Persons in the Merger;
    Conflicts of Interest

Financing the Merger

Regulatory and Third Party Approvals

Dissenters Rights

Accounting Treatment

Restriction on Resales by Affiliates

The New York Stock Exchange Listing

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
    Merger

Shareholder Litigation

The Merger Agreement

The Merger

Closing and Effective Time Of The Merger

Conversion of Shares

Final Dividends

Tax Adjustment

Election Procedure

Exchange Procedure

Treatment of IRT Options

Representations and Warranties

Covenants

Additional Agreements

Conditions to Each Partys Obligations to
    Complete the Merger

Termination; Break-Up Fee and Expenses

Amendment and Waiver

Comparison of Stockholder and Shareholder Rights

Authorized Shares

Voting Rights

Classification of the Board

Number of Directors; Removal of Directors;
    Vacancies

Limitation of Director and Officer Liability

Indemnification

Statutory Takeover Provisions

Stockholder or Shareholder Requested Special
    Meetings

Stockholder or Shareholder Action by Written
    Consent

Advance Notice Provisions for Shareholder
    Nominations and Shareholder New Business Proposals

Amendment of the Equity One and IRT Articles of
    Incorporation

Amendment of the Bylaws

Mergers, Consolidations, and Sales of Assets

Dissolution of Equity One or IRT; Termination of
    REIT Status

Dissenters Rights

Distributions

ii



Page

Stockholder or Shareholder Rights Plan

REIT Ownership Limitations

Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Data

Legal Matters

Experts

Stockholder Proposals

Other Matters

Where You Can Find More Information

What Information You Should Rely On

Annexes:

Annex A

Agreement and Plan of Merger

Annex B

Common Stock Purchase Agreement

Annex C

Opinion of Legg Mason Wood Walker, Incorporated

Annex D

Opinion of CIBC World Markets Corp.

Annex E

Opinion of Raymond James & Associates, Inc.

iii



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
MERGER

Q:

What is the purpose of the special
    meetings?

A:

At the special meetings, the stockholders of
    Equity One and the shareholders of IRT will vote to approve the
    merger agreement and the merger of IRT with and into Equity One.
    In addition, the stockholders of Equity One will vote to approve
    the issuance of up to 6,911,000 shares of Equity One common
    stock in connection with a concurrent private placement and to
    elect Mr. Patrick L. Flinn as a Class A director of
    the Equity One board.

Q:

Why are IRT and Equity One proposing the
    merger?

A:

The boards of both companies believe that the
    merger represents a strategic combination of two comparable real
    estate companies that will be in the best interests of all of
    their respective stockholders and shareholders. Following the
    merger, Equity One will own 177 properties in 12 states
    comprising approximately 18.5 million square feet of gross
    leasable area. Equity Ones management believes that the
    portfolio of properties of the combined company will provide
    Equity One stockholders and the IRT shareholders that receive
    Equity One common stock in the merger with greater tenant
    diversity, a more stable earnings stream and enhanced prospects
    for increased dividend payments because a majority of the
    properties of the combined company will be in high-growth areas
    of the United States. In addition, Equity Ones management
    believes that the broader stockholder base of the combined
    company should enhance the market for Equity Ones common
    stock.

To review Equity Ones and IRTs
    reasons for the merger in greater detail, see pages 54
    through 57 and 63 through 67.

Q:

What will I receive as a result of the
    merger?

A.

Equity One
    Stockholders.
 Each Equity One share of
    common stock held by Equity One stockholders will continue to
    represent one share of Equity One common stock after the merger.

IRT Shareholders.
 In
    connection with the merger, for each share of IRT common stock,
    IRT shareholders may elect to receive $12.15 in cash, 0.9 shares
    of Equity One common stock or a combination of cash and stock,
    subject to proration if holders of more than 50% of the
    outstanding shares of IRT common stock elect to receive cash,
    with cash being paid in lieu of any fractional shares.

In addition, if IRT pays a final
    dividend for REIT qualification purposes as more fully
    discussed below, then the per share cash consideration will be
    reduced by the amount of the final dividend for those IRT
    shareholders that elect to receive cash in the merger.

Q:

What actions am I being asked to
    take?

A:

Equity One
    Stockholders.
 Equity One stockholders
    are being asked to approve the following:

 The merger agreement and the merger
    of IRT with and into Equity One;

 The issuance of up to 6,911,000
    shares of Equity One common stock in connection with a private
    placement to affiliated purchasers, the proceeds of which may be
    used to finance a portion of the merger consideration; and

 The election of Mr. Patrick L.
    Flinn as a Class A director of the Equity One board to hold
    office until the 2005 annual meeting of Equity Ones
    stockholders.

IRT Shareholders.

    First, IRT shareholders are being asked to approve the merger
    agreement and the merger of IRT with and into Equity One.

Second, IRT shareholders are being asked to make
    an election to receive cash, Equity One common stock or a
    combination of cash and stock by completing the form of election
    included with this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
    submitting the form of election along with the stock certificate
    or certificates representing all of their IRT shares to Equity
    Ones exchange agent as instructed in the form of election.

Q:

Can an IRT shareholder vote against the merger
    or abstain from voting at the special meeting, but still submit
    a form of election to receive merger consideration?

A:

Yes. Whether you vote for or against or abstain
    from voting on the merger, you should nevertheless complete the
    form of election and submit it and your IRT stock certificate or
    certificates to Equity Ones exchange agent as

iv



instructed in the form of election. An election
    is not considered a vote and will not affect the outcome of the
    vote on the merger.

Q:

Will IRT be required to pay Equity One a
    break-up fee if IRTs shareholders vote to reject the
    merger?

A:

No, unless an alternative acquisition proposal
    shall have been received by IRT prior to the termination of the
    merger agreement and IRT subsequently completes that alternative
    acquisition proposal or another acquisition proposal within 12
    months after such termination. IRT may also be required to pay a
    break-up fee in other circumstances if the merger agreement is
    terminated. See The Merger Agreement 
    Termination; Break-Up Fee and Expenses.

Q:

How will the merger affect the dividends
    payable to IRT shareholders?

A:

Prior to the completion of the merger, IRT
    shareholders will be entitled to receive any IRT regular
    dividend, not to exceed a quarterly rate of $0.235 per share, as
    adjusted for greater or lesser periods and as may be authorized
    by IRTs board of directors. Also, if necessary, IRT
    shareholders may receive a final dividend in an
    amount equal to the minimum amount necessary to maintain
    IRTs REIT status under the Internal Revenue Code and to
    avoid the payment by IRT of any corporate level tax with respect
    to undistributed income or gain, as required by the merger
    agreement. However, there is no assurance that IRTs board
    will declare such a final dividend. The amount of
    any regular dividend paid by IRT will not reduce the merger
    consideration. However, any final dividend paid by
    IRT will reduce the per share cash consideration for those
    shareholders that elect to receive cash in the merger.

After the completion of the merger, IRT
    shareholders that receive Equity One common stock will receive
    any distributions that may be authorized by Equity Ones
    board to all holders of Equity One common stock with a record
    date after the closing. In the merger agreement, Equity One
    agreed to pay a regular quarterly dividend of at least $0.27 per
    share for the dividend period immediately following the merger,
    subject to legally available funds. Based on the exchange ratio
    for the merger consideration payable to IRT shareholders in the
    merger and Equity Ones current quarterly dividend of $0.27
    per share of common stock, an IRT shareholder that elects to
    receive Equity One common stock would receive quarterly Equity
    One distributions on a pro forma combined equivalent basis of
    approximately $0.243 for each share of IRT common stock
    exchanged in the merger. The current quarterly dividend paid by
    IRT on its common stock is $0.235 per share.

After the effective time of the merger, those IRT
    shareholders that receive only cash consideration will not be
    entitled to receive dividends from Equity One.

Q:

What vote is required to approve the merger
    agreement and the merger and, in the case of Equity One
    stockholders, the other stockholder proposals?

A.

Equity One Vote.
 The
    affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
    shares of Equity One common stock is required to approve the
    merger agreement and the merger. The affirmative vote of the
    holders of a majority of the votes cast at the Equity One
    special meeting is required under the New York Stock Exchange
    rules to approve the issuance of shares in the private
    placement, provided that the total votes cast represent over 50%
    in interest of all securities entitled to vote. The election of
    Mr. Patrick L. Flinn must be approved by a plurality
    of the votes cast by the shares of common stock represented in
    person or by proxy at the special meeting.

The holders of approximately 76% of Equity
    Ones common stock have executed voting agreements with IRT
    pursuant to which they are required to vote their shares in
    favor of the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions
    contemplated thereby, including the private placement and the
    election of Mr. Flinn. As a result, unless the voting
    agreements are terminated, the merger, the merger agreement and
    the private placement will be approved by Equity Ones
    stockholders and Mr. Flinn will be elected to the Equity
    One board of directors.

IRT Vote.
 The
    affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
    shares of IRT is required to approve the merger agreement and
    the merger. The holders of approximately 8% of IRTs common
    stock have executed voting agreements with Equity One pursuant
    to which they are required to vote their shares in favor of the
    merger and the merger agreement.

v



Q:

Will IRT shareholders receive the specific
    amount of cash or stock that they elect?

A:

Not necessarily. The merger agreement limits the
    number of IRT shares that may be exchanged for cash in the
    merger to 50% of IRTs total outstanding shares.
    Accordingly, although each IRT shareholder may elect to receive
    all of his or her merger consideration in cash, if cash
    elections are made for more than 50% of IRTs total
    outstanding shares, then the number of shares that will be
    exchanged for cash will be proportionately reduced and the
    remainder will be exchanged for shares of Equity One common
    stock. If, however, cash elections are made for less than 50% of
    IRTs total outstanding shares, then all IRT shareholders
    will receive the form of merger consideration that they elect.

There will be no proration of stock elections.
    Therefore, IRT shareholders who elect to receive only Equity One
    common stock will receive the specific amount of stock that they
    elect.

In addition, in order to preserve the status of
    the merger as a reorganization within the meaning of
    section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, as further
    explained in the section entitled The Merger
    Agreement  Tax Adjustment on page 79,
    Equity One may have to reduce the number of cash elections and
    increase the number of stock elections that are made or deemed
    to be made by IRT shareholders.

Q:

How and when do IRT shareholders make their
    election?

A:

Written instructions and a form of election for
    making your election to receive cash or Equity One common stock,
    or a combination of both cash and stock, are included with this
    joint proxy statement/prospectus, unless your shares are held in
    book-entry form in which case you will receive your form of
    election separately. Simply complete, date and sign the form of
    election and submit it, along with the stock certificate or
    certificates representing all of your IRT shares, as instructed
    in the form of election. If your shares are held in book-entry
    form, you need only submit the form of election, or follow the
    instructions, provided to you by your broker.

Your form of election must be received by Equity
    Ones exchange agent by 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
    on Tuesday, February 11, 2003, the day immediately
    preceding the date of your special meeting. You may change your
    election by completing and submitting a later dated form of
    election prior to the above deadline.

Q:

What if IRT shareholders fail to make a timely
    election?

A:

If IRT shareholders fail to make a timely
    election, they will receive cash, shares of Equity One common
    stock or a combination of stock and cash, as determined by
    Equity One in its sole discretion.

Q:

Assuming an IRT shareholder receives shares of
    Equity One common stock in connection with the merger, will his
    or her rights as a shareholder change?

A:

Yes. If an IRT shareholder receives Equity One
    common stock in connection with the merger, his or her rights
    will change because IRT is a Georgia corporation and Equity One
    is a Maryland corporation. The rights of shareholders and
    stockholders differ under the laws of these states. In addition,
    the governing documents of these companies provide for different
    rights for security holders as well. For a summary of the
    material differences between the rights of IRT shareholders and
    the rights of Equity One stockholders, see pages 92 to 106.

Q:

What happens to the exchange ratio if the
    stock price of Equity One or IRT changes before the closing of
    the merger?

A:

No change will be made to the 0.9 exchange ratio.
    Therefore, because the market value of Equity One common stock
    will fluctuate before the closing of the merger, the value of
    the stock consideration that the IRT shareholders receive in the
    merger will fluctuate as well. If the trading price of Equity
    One common stock decreases, the value received by IRT
    shareholders who receive Equity One common stock will decrease,
    and could be less than the value IRT shareholders would have
    received had the merger closed on the date the merger agreement
    was signed or the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus
    and may be less than the per share consideration received by IRT
    shareholders that receive cash.

vi



Q:

Do changes in the stock price of Equity One or
    IRT have any other consequences to the merger or the likelihood
    of its completion?

A:

Yes. IRTs board of directors may withdraw
    its recommendation of the merger and, under certain
    circumstances, terminate the merger agreement if, on the fourth
    business day prior to the IRT special meeting, Equity Ones
    weighted average trading price for the 30 prior trading days is
    less than $12.06 or for the three prior trading days is less
    than $11.00.

In addition, holders of approximately 76% of
    Equity Ones common stock have agreed to vote their shares
    in favor of the merger. The Equity One stockholders may
    terminate their voting agreements if, on the fourth business day
    prior to the Equity One special meeting, Equity Ones
    weighted average trading price for the 30 prior trading days is
    less than $12.06 or for the three prior trading days is less
    than $11.00.

The Equity One stockholders may also terminate
    their voting agreements if, on the fourth business day prior to
    the special meeting, IRTs weighted average trading price
    for the 30 prior trading days is less than $10.935 or for the
    three prior trading days is less than $9.935. See The
    Equity One Special Meeting  Voting Agreements
    on page 30 for a more complete discussion.

Q:

Will any fractional shares of Equity One
    common stock be issued in the merger?

A:

No. Any IRT shareholder that would be
    entitled to receive a fractional share of Equity One common
    stock in the merger will instead receive cash in an amount
    representing the value of the fractional share.

Q:

What are the boards
    recommendations?

A:

Equity One.
 The
    Equity One board recommends a vote 
FOR
 the
    merger agreement and the merger of IRT with and into Equity One,
    
FOR
 the issuance of up to
    6,911,000 shares of Equity One common stock in connection
    with the concurrent private placement and 
FOR

    the election of Mr. Flinn to the Equity One board. Unless
    an Equity One stockholder gives other instructions on the proxy
    card, the persons named as proxy holders on the proxy card will
    vote in accordance with the recommendations of Equity Ones
    board of directors. The Equity One board recommendations are set
    forth, together with the description of those recommendations,
    in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus.

IRT.
 The IRT board
    recommends a vote 
FOR
 the merger agreement
    and the merger of IRT with and into Equity One. Unless an IRT
    shareholder gives other instructions on the proxy card, the
    persons named as proxy holders on the proxy card will vote in
    accordance with the recommendation of IRTs board of
    directors. The IRT board recommendation is set forth, together
    with the description of that recommendation, in this joint proxy
    statement/ prospectus.

With respect to any other matter that properly
    comes before the meetings, the proxy holders will vote as
    recommended by the boards or, if no recommendation is given, in
    their own discretion.

Q:

Will the shareholders of IRT who receive
    common stock of Equity One in the merger be able to immediately
    resell their shares in the open market?

A:

All unaffiliated shareholders of IRT will be able
    to resell the shares of Equity One common stock they receive in
    the merger following the receipt of those shares pursuant to the
    merger agreement. Generally, unless you are an officer, director
    or holder of more than 10% of IRTs outstanding common
    stock, you are not an affiliate of IRT.

Affiliates of IRT may resell their shares of
    Equity One common stock only in compliance with Rule 145
    under the Securities Act (or Rule 144 for persons who
    become affiliates of Equity One) or as otherwise permitted under
    the Securities Act. For a complete description of these
    restrictions, see The Merger  Restriction on
    Resales by Affiliates on page 73.

Q:

Will the investors in the private placement be
    able to immediately resell their shares in the open
    market?

A:

No. The shares of Equity One common stock
    purchased by the investors in the private placement will

not
 be freely transferable by those investors and may
    only be resold by them in compliance with Rule 144.
    However, Equity One has agreed to register those shares upon
    request of the investors beginning six months following the
    closing of the private

vii



placement and the merger. In addition, Equity One
    granted the investors rights to participate in any registration
    statement that Equity One files following the private placement,
    subject to customary limitations on those rights.

Q:

Do I have dissenters rights?

A:

No. You are not entitled to dissenters
    rights or appraisal rights under any of the Georgia Business
    Corporation Code, the Maryland General Corporation Law or the
    charters of Equity One or IRT. See The Merger 
    Dissenters Rights on page 73.

Q:

Who is entitled to vote?

A:

You are entitled to vote, in person or by proxy,
    at your special meeting or any postponement or adjournment of
    the special meeting if you owned shares of common stock of
    Equity One or IRT as of the close of business (5:00 p.m.,
    Eastern time) on December 30, 2002, the record date.

Q:

Who may attend the special meetings?

A:

If you owned shares of common stock of Equity One
    or IRT as of the record date, you or your duly appointed proxy
    may attend your special meeting.

Q:

How do I vote if I am the record owner of my
    shares?

A:

After carefully reading and considering the
    information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
    please complete and sign your proxy and return it in the
    enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares
    may be represented at the special meeting. IRT shareholders may
    also vote by telephone or on the Internet as instructed on your
    proxy card. The proxy solicitation company, Georgeson
    Shareholder Communications, may also call IRT shareholders
    directly to solicit their votes by phone. If you sign and send
    in your proxy and do not indicate how you want to vote, we will
    count your proxy as a vote in favor of the merger, and in the
    case of Equity One stockholders, in favor of the other proposals
    considered at the special meeting. If you do not send in your
    proxy and do not attend your special meeting, then your failure
    to vote will have the effect of a vote against the approval of
    the merger.

Q:

What if I am a record owner and do not vote my
    shares?

A:

If you are a record owner and fail to return your
    proxy, your shares will not be counted for purposes of
    determining the presence of a quorum at the special meeting and
    determining whether we have received the votes required to
    approve the merger and the other proposals considered at the
    meeting.

 If you return your proxy signed but
    do not indicate how you want to vote, your proxy will be counted
    as a vote 
FOR
 the merger, and in the case of
    Equity One stockholders, in favor of the other proposals
    considered at the special meeting.

 If you return your proxy and abstain
    from voting, your proxy will not be counted as a vote cast on,
    and therefore will have the effect of a vote against, the
    approval of the merger.

Q:

If my broker or bank holds my shares in
    street name, will my broker or bank vote my
    shares?

A:

Your broker or bank will vote your shares in
    favor of the merger, and in the case of Equity One stockholders,
    in favor of the other proposals, 
only
 if you provide them
    with instructions on how to vote. You should follow the
    directions provided by your broker or bank regarding how to
    instruct them to vote your shares. If you do not provide your
    broker or bank with instructions on how to vote your shares,
    they will not vote your shares and their failure to do so will
    have the effect of voting your shares against the approval of
    the merger.

Q:

What are the tax effects of the merger on
    Equity One stockholders and IRT 

     shareholders?

A:

Equity One
    Stockholders.
 Equity One common
    stockholders will not realize either gain or loss for U.S.
    federal income tax purposes as a result of the merger.

IRT Shareholders.

    Whether or not you will recognize any gain or loss from the
    receipt of the merger consideration in exchange for your shares
    of IRT common stock will depend on whether you receive cash or
    common stock of Equity One and your individual tax situation.

You are encouraged to read carefully the section
    of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled Material
    Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger beginning on
    page 74 and to consult your personal tax adviser.

viii



Q:

Can I change my vote after I have mailed my
    signed proxy or, in the case of IRT shareholders, voted by
    telephone or on the 

     Internet?

A:

Yes. You can change your vote at any time before
    your proxy is voted at the special meeting. You can do this in
    one of three ways. First, you can send a written notice stating
    that you would like to revoke your proxy. Second, you can
    complete and submit a new proxy. If you choose either of these
    two methods, you must submit your notice of revocation or your
    new proxy to us at the address below. Third, if you are a record
    holder, you can attend the special meeting and vote in person.
    Your attendance at the special meeting will not, however, by
    itself revoke your proxy.

If your shares are held in street
    name through an account at a brokerage firm or bank, you
    should contact your brokerage firm or bank to change your vote
    or to vote in person at the special meeting.

Q:

When do you expect to complete the
    merger?

A:

We expect to complete the merger in the first
    quarter of 2003. We are working to complete the merger as
    quickly as possible and intend to do so shortly after the
    special meetings, provided that we have satisfied all of the
    conditions that must be met prior to the completion of the
    merger.

Q:

Who will pay for the preparation of the joint
    proxy statement/prospectus and the solicitation of
    proxies?

A:

IRT and Equity One will pay the cost of
    preparing, assembling and mailing this joint proxy
    statement/prospectus, notice of meeting and enclosed proxy card.
    In addition to the use of mail, employees of IRT and Equity One
    may solicit proxies personally and by telephone. These employees
    will receive no compensation for soliciting proxies other than
    their regular salaries. We may request banks, brokers and other
    custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to forward copies of the
    proxy materials to the Equity One stockholders and IRT
    shareholders and to request authority for the execution of
    proxies and we may reimburse such persons for their expenses
    incurred in connection with these activities. In addition, IRT
    has retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications to assist in
    soliciting proxies for which services it will pay a fee expected
    to be approximately $12,000 plus out-of-pocket expenses.

Q:

Should IRT shareholders send in their
    certificates now?

A:

If you are an IRT shareholder and wish to make
    your election for cash, Equity One common stock, or a
    combination of cash and stock, you should submit your form of
    election along with your certificate or certificates
    representing all of your IRT shares to Equity Ones
    exchange agent as instructed in the form of election. However,
    if you do not wish to make an election, you may retain your IRT
    stock certificates, and, after the merger, the exchange agent
    will send to you a letter of transmittal explaining what you
    must do to exchange your IRT common stock certificates for the
    merger consideration payable to you.

Q:

Who can help answer my questions?

A:

If you have any questions about the merger or if
    you need additional copies of this joint proxy
    statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy, you should contact:

Equity One stockholders:

Equity One, Inc.

1696 Miami Gardens Drive

North Miami Beach, Florida 33179

Attention: Investor Relations

Telephone: (305) 947-1664

IRT shareholders:

IRT Property Company

200 Galleria Parkway, Suite 1400

Atlanta, Georgia 30339

Attention: Investor Relations

Telephone: (770) 955-4406

or

Georgeson Shareholder Communications

17 State Street, 10th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Telephone: (866) 328-5440

ix



SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information
from this joint proxy statement/prospectus and may not contain
all of the detailed information that may be important to you. To
understand the merger fully and for a more complete description
of the legal terms of the merger and the other proposals and
related transactions, you should read carefully this entire
document, including the annexes and the other documents to which
we have referred you. See Where You Can Find More
Information on page 121 for additional information
about Equity One and IRT on file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. We have included page references
parenthetically to direct you to a more complete description of
the topics presented in this summary.

The Companies

Equity One, Inc.

1696 N.E. Miami Gardens Drive

North Miami Beach, Florida 33179

(305) 947-1664

Equity One is a real estate investment trust, or
REIT, that principally acquires, renovates, develops and manages
community and neighborhood shopping centers. Equity Ones
shopping centers are primarily anchored by supermarkets or other
necessity-oriented retailers such as drug stores or discount
retail stores. As of September 30, 2002, Equity Ones
portfolio consisted of 88 properties, comprising
56 supermarket-anchored shopping centers, eight drug
store-anchored shopping centers, 18 other retail-anchored
shopping centers, three commercial properties and three retail
development properties, as well as non-controlling interests in
four unconsolidated joint ventures that own commercial
properties. Existing properties are located primarily in
metropolitan areas of Florida and Texas, contain an aggregate of
8.7 million square feet of gross leasable area and were
87.1% occupied based on gross leasable area as of
September 30, 2002.

Equity One was incorporated in Maryland in 1992
and has been operating as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code
since 1995.

IRT Property Company

200 Galleria Parkway, Suite 1400

Atlanta, Georgia 30339

(770) 955-4406

IRT is an owner, operator, redeveloper and
developer of neighborhood and community shopping centers
throughout the southeastern United States. IRT shopping centers
are anchored by necessity-oriented retailers such as
supermarkets, drug stores, national value retailers and
department stores. As of September 30, 2002, IRTs
portfolio consisted of 89 shopping centers, three shopping
center investments, two development properties, one industrial
property and three mortgage loans. The 89 shopping centers and
the three shopping center investments total approximately
9.8 million square feet of retail space, were 92% leased as
of September 30, 2002 and are located in 11 states.

IRT is currently incorporated in Georgia and has
been operating as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code since
its inception in 1969.

The Combined Company

Upon completion of the merger, the separate
corporate existence of IRT will cease and Equity One will
continue as the surviving corporation. The IRT shareholders that
receive Equity One common stock as merger consideration will
become stockholders of Equity One. The corporate existence of
Equity One, with all its purposes, rights, privileges, powers
and objects, will continue unaffected and unimpaired by the
merger, and, as the surviving corporation, it will be governed
by the laws of the State of Maryland.



Following the merger, Equity One will own or
manage 177 properties in 12 states comprising
approximately 18.5 million square feet of gross leasable
area. On a combined basis, Equity One will have a total market
capitalization, including long-term corporate and mortgage debt,
of approximately $1.6 billion, based on Equity Ones
stock price on the date the merger agreement was signed.

The Equity One Special Meeting; Required Vote

(see pages 29 to 42)

The special meeting of Equity One stockholders
will be held at the Sheraton Bal Harbour, 9701 Collins
Avenue, Bal Harbour, Florida 33154, on Wednesday,
February 12, 2003 at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time. At the
special meeting, holders of shares of Equity One common stock
will be asked to approve the merger agreement and the merger of
IRT with and into Equity One. The affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Equity One
common stock is required to approve the merger agreement and the
merger.

Stockholders of Equity One will also be asked to
vote upon a proposal to approve the issuance of up to 6,911,000
shares of Equity One common stock concurrently with the closing
of the merger in connection with a private placement to
affiliated investors. An affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the votes cast at the Equity One special meeting is
required under the New York Stock Exchange rules, provided that
the total votes cast represent over 50% in interest of all
securities entitled to vote.

Finally, holders of Equity One common stock will
be asked to elect Mr. Patrick L. Flinn as a Class A
director of the Equity One board to hold office until the 2005
annual meeting of Equity One stockholders. The election of a
director to the Equity One board of directors must be approved
by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares of common stock
represented in person or by proxy at the special meeting.
Mr. Flinn is expected to be the only nominee for director.
The terms of all other directors of Equity One will continue and
will not be affected by the vote at the special meeting.

The holders of approximately 76% of Equitys
Ones common stock have executed voting agreements with IRT
pursuant to which they are required to vote their shares in
favor of the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, including the issuance of
Equity One common stock in the private placement and the
election of Mr. Flinn to the Equity One board. As a result,
unless the voting agreements are terminated as discussed below
under The Voting Agreements, the merger, the
merger agreement and the private placement will be approved by
Equity Ones stockholders and Mr. Flinn will be
elected to the Equity One board of directors.

You can vote at the Equity One special meeting if
you owned Equity One common stock at the close of business on
December 30, 2002.

The IRT Special Meeting; Required Vote

(see page 43)

The special meeting of IRT shareholders will be
held at the Cobb Galleria Centre, Two Galleria Parkway,
Room 113, Atlanta, Georgia 30339 on Wednesday,
February 12, 2003 at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time. At the
special meeting, holders of shares of IRT common stock will be
asked to approve the merger agreement and the merger of IRT with
and into Equity One. The affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding common stock of IRT entitled
to vote at the special meeting is required to approve the merger
agreement and the merger.

You can vote at the IRT special meeting if you
owned IRT common stock at the close of business on
December 30, 2002.

The Voting Agreements

(see pages 30 and 44)

At the time the merger agreement was signed,
holders of approximately 76% of Equity Ones common stock,
including Equity Ones officers and directors, and holders
of approximately 8% of IRTs common stock, including
IRTs officers and directors and IRTs largest
shareholder who owns approximately 6% of IRTs common
stock, entered into voting agreements with Equity One and IRT.
Pursuant to the voting agreements, the holders granted
irrevocable proxies to vote their shares in favor of the merger,
the merger agreement and



the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, including, in the case of Equity One stockholders, in
favor of the issuance of Equity One common stock in the private
placement and the election of Mr. Flinn to the Equity One
board.

The Equity One stockholders may terminate their
voting agreements if, on the fourth business day prior to the
special meetings, Equity Ones weighted average trading
price for the 30 prior trading days is less than $12.06 or for
the three prior trading days is less than $11.00. In addition,
Equity One stockholders may terminate their voting agreements if
on that same day IRTs weighted average trading price for
the 30 prior trading days is less than $10.935 or for the three
prior trading days is less than $9.935. IRTs largest
shareholder can terminate his voting agreement if IRTs
board of directors withdraws or modifies its recommendation of
the merger.

Merger Consideration; Election of Cash or
Stock 
(see page 78)

In connection with the merger, for each share of
IRT common stock, IRT shareholders may elect to receive $12.15
in cash, 0.9 shares of Equity One common stock or a combination
of cash and stock, subject to proration if holders of more than
50% of IRT common stock elect to receive cash. If IRT
shareholders fail to make a timely election, they will receive
cash, shares of Equity One common stock or a combination of
stock and cash, as determined by Equity One in its sole
discretion. In addition, if IRT pays a final
dividend for REIT qualification purposes as more fully
discussed below, then the per share cash consideration will be
reduced by the amount of such final dividend for those IRT
shareholders that elect to receive cash in the merger.

In connection with the merger, IRT shareholders
may not necessarily receive the form of merger consideration
that they elect. The merger agreement limits the number of IRT
shares that may be exchanged for cash in the merger to 50% of
IRTs total outstanding shares. Accordingly, although each
IRT shareholder may elect to receive all of his or her merger
consideration in cash, if cash elections are made for more than
50% of IRTs total outstanding shares, then the number of
shares that will be exchanged for cash will be proportionately
reduced and the remainder will be exchanged for shares of Equity
One common stock. If, however, cash elections are made for less
than 50% of IRTs total outstanding shares, then all IRT
shareholders will receive the form of merger consideration that
they elect. There will be no proration of stock elections.
Therefore, IRT shareholders that elect to receive only Equity
One common stock will receive the specific amount of stock that
they elect.

In addition, in order to preserve the status of
the merger as a reorganization within the meaning of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, as further
explained in the section entitled The Merger
Agreement  Tax Adjustment on page 79,
Equity One may have to reduce the number of cash elections and
increase the number of stock elections that are made or deemed
to be made by IRT shareholders.

Dividends 
(see pages
79 and 86)

Prior to the completion of the merger, Equity One
stockholders and IRT shareholders will be entitled to receive
any regular dividend, not to exceed a quarterly rate of $0.235
per share in the case of IRT shareholders, as adjusted for
greater or lesser periods, as may be authorized by their
respective boards of directors. Also, if necessary, IRT
shareholders may receive a final dividend in an
amount equal to the minimum amount necessary to maintain
IRTs REIT status under the Internal Revenue Code and to
avoid the payment by IRT of any corporate level tax with respect
to undistributed income or gain, as required by the merger
agreement. The amount of any regular dividend paid by IRT will
not reduce the merger consideration. However, any final dividend
paid by IRT will reduce the per share cash consideration for
those shareholders that elect to receive cash in the merger. If
IRT pays a final dividend to its shareholders, then Equity One
has the right to pay a corresponding special dividend to its
stockholders equal to the final dividend paid per share of IRT
common stock divided by 0.9.

After the completion of the merger, IRT
shareholders that receive Equity One common stock will receive
any distributions that may be authorized by Equity Ones
board to all holders of Equity One common stock with a record
date after the closing. In the merger agreement, Equity One
agreed to pay a regular quarterly



dividend of at least $0.27 per share for the
dividend period immediately following the merger, subject to
legally available funds. Based on the exchange ratio for the
merger consideration payable to IRT shareholders in the merger
and Equity Ones current quarterly dividend of $0.27 per
share of common stock, an IRT shareholder that elects to receive
Equity One common stock would receive quarterly Equity One
distributions on a pro forma combined equivalent basis of
approximately $0.243 for each share of IRT common stock
exchanged in the merger. The current quarterly dividend paid by
IRT on its common stock is $0.235 per share.

After the effective time of the merger, those IRT
shareholders that receive only cash consideration will not be
entitled to receive dividends from Equity One.

Risk Factors 
(see
page 18)

In evaluating whether to vote for or against the
merger, and in the case of IRT shareholders, whether to elect to
receive cash or Equity One common stock, you should carefully
consider the Risk Factors beginning on page 18.

Equity One Board of Directors Recommendations

(see pages 32 and 42)

The Equity One board has unanimously adopted and
approved the merger agreement and the merger, has determined
that the merger agreement and the merger are advisable to, and
in the best interest of, Equity One and its stockholders, and
recommends that Equity One common stockholders vote

FOR
approval of the merger agreement and the
merger, 
FOR
 approval of the issuance of up to
6,911,000 shares of Equity One common stock in connection with
the concurrent private placement to affiliated investors and

FOR
 the proposal to elect Mr. Patrick L.
Flinn as a Class A director to the Equity One board. Equity
One stockholders should refer to the discussion of these
proposals beginning on page 32.

In addition, to review the background and Equity
Ones reasons for the merger and the private placement in
greater detail, as well as certain risks related to the merger,
see pages 33 through 36 and 46 through 57.

Opinions of Equity Ones Financial
Advisors
 (see page 36 and 57)

In connection with the private placement, Legg
Mason Wood Walker, Incorporated, the financial advisor to the
Equity One special committee, has delivered its written and oral
opinion to the special committee as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by
Equity One in the private placement. Legg Masons written
opinion, dated October 28, 2002, is attached to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex C
. 
Legg
Masons opinion is directed only to the fairness to Equity
One, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be
received by Equity One in the private placement and does not
address any other aspect of the transactions related to the
merger or the merger itself. Legg Masons fairness opinion
was provided for the information and assistance of the special
committee in connection with its consideration of the private
placement and is not a recommendation by Legg Mason of any
action to the special committee, the board of directors or any
of Equity Ones stockholders.

In connection with the merger, Equity Ones
financial advisor, CIBC World Markets Corp., delivered to the
Equity One board of directors a written opinion as to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to Equity One of the
merger consideration. The full text of CIBC World Markets
written opinion, dated October 28, 2002, is attached to
this joint proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex D
. We
encourage you to read this opinion carefully in its entirety for
a description of the assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken.

CIBC World Markets opinion is addressed to Equity
Ones board of directors and relates only to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, to Equity One of the merger
consideration. The opinion does not address any other aspects of
the merger or any related transaction and does not constitute a
recommendation to any stockholder as to any matters relating to
the merger or any related transaction.



IRT Board of Directors
Recommendation
 (see page 43)

The IRT board has unanimously adopted and
approved the merger agreement and the merger, has determined
that the merger agreement and the merger are in the best
interest of IRT and its shareholders, and recommends that
IRTs shareholders vote 
FOR
 approval of
the merger agreement and the merger.

To review the background and IRTs reasons
for the merger in greater detail, as well as certain risks
related to the merger, see pages 46 through 54, and 63 through
67.

Opinion of IRTs Financial Advisor

(see page 67)

IRTs financial advisor, Raymond James &
Associates, Inc., has delivered a written opinion to the IRT
board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the consideration to be paid by Equity One in the
merger. Raymond Jamess written opinion, dated
October 28, 2002, is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as 
Annex E
. We encourage you to read
this opinion carefully in its entirety for a description of the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken. 
The Raymond James
opinion was made to IRTs board of directors for its
consideration of the proposed merger and is not a recommendation
to any IRT shareholder as to whether the merger is in that
shareholders best interest or as to whether any
shareholder should vote for or against the merger.

Merger Financing

Equity One intends to finance the estimated
$216 million of merger costs, including the approximately
$208 million cash portion of the merger consideration to be
paid in connection with the merger assuming 50% of IRT
shareholders elect cash, by using a combination of available
borrowing capacity under its various credit facilities, a new
credit facility to be entered into before the closing of the
merger and the proceeds from the issuance of up to 6,911,000
shares of Equity One common stock in connection with the
concurrent private placement.

The Merger Agreement

(see page 78)

The merger agreement is attached as 
Annex
A
 to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. We encourage you
to read this agreement in its entirety. It is the principal
document governing the merger.

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

(see page 87)

Equity One and IRT will complete the merger only
if they satisfy or, in some cases, waive, several conditions,
including the following:

 

the IRT shareholders and the Equity One
    stockholders must approve the merger agreement and the merger;

 

the receipt of satisfactory legal opinions
    regarding Equity Ones and IRTs REIT status for
    federal income tax purposes and the treatment of the merger as a
    reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the
    Internal Revenue Code;

 

IRT must receive evidence to its reasonable
    satisfaction that no fewer than an aggregate of
    22.3 million shares of Equity One common stock will be
    issued in the merger and the private placement;

 

the private placement shall have been completed,
    to the extent required by the merger agreement;

 

the New York Stock Exchange must have approved
    the listing of all shares of Equity One common stock to be
    issued in the merger, subject to official notice of issuance;

 

no statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
    decree or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
    promulgated or enforced by any court or governmental authority
    against Equity One or IRT and be in



effect that prohibits or restricts the completion
    of the merger or makes completion of the merger illegal; and

 

other customary closing conditions.

No Solicitation Provisions

(see page 83)

The merger agreement contains provisions
prohibiting both parties from seeking a competing acquisition
proposal. These no solicitation provisions prohibit
both Equity One and IRT and their subsidiaries, and their
officers, directors, employees and representatives, from taking
actions to solicit a competing acquisition proposal and, subject
to some exceptions that permit the directors of both parties to
comply with their fiduciary duties, from participating in
discussions regarding or furnishing information with respect to
any competing acquisition proposal.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

(see page 89)

Equity One and IRT can jointly agree to terminate
the merger agreement at any time before the closing date without
completing the merger. In addition, the merger agreement may be
terminated and the merger may be abandoned:

 

by either party if there has been a breach of a
    representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in the
    merger agreement or in either of the voting agreements by the
    other party which breach has not been or cannot be permanently
    cured within 30 days following receipt of notice of such
    breach;

 

by either party if a permanent injunction or
    other order of a court or any rule, decree, statute, law,
    executive order or regulation has been enacted, preventing
    completion of the merger;

 

by either party if the merger has not been
    completed prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on March 31,
    2003;

 

by either party if the Equity One stockholders or
    the IRT shareholders do not approve the merger and the merger
    agreement at the applicable special meeting;

 

by IRT if:

(a) the IRT board withdraws, modifies,
    amends or qualifies in any manner adverse to Equity One its
    approval or recommendation of the merger or the merger agreement
    in connection with any acquisition proposal or approves or
    recommends any acquisition proposal;

(b) on the fourth business day before the
    special meeting, the IRT board withdraws, modifies, amends or
    qualifies its approval or recommendation of the merger or the
    merger agreement because the weighted average trading price per
    share of Equity One for the 30 preceding trading days is less
    than $12.06, or the weighted average trading price per share of
    Equity One for the three preceding trading days is less than
    $11.00, and Equity One fails to advise IRT within 48 hours of
    such withdrawal, amendment, modification or qualification that
    it has elected to require IRT to proceed with or otherwise
    adjourn its shareholders meeting; or

(c) IRT decides to enter into a binding
    written agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal; or

 

by Equity One if:

(a) the IRT board fails to recommend,
    withdraws, modifies or qualifies its recommendation, or publicly
    proposes not to recommend or to withdraw, modify, amend or
    qualify, in any manner adverse to Equity One, its approval or
    recommendation of the merger and the merger agreement to
    IRTs shareholders in connection with an acquisition
    proposal, approves or recommends an acquisition proposal, or
    resolves to do any of the foregoing; or

(b) after an announcement or receipt by IRT
    of an acquisition proposal, IRT fails to call the IRT
    shareholders meeting in accordance with the merger
    agreement or to prepare and mail to its shareholders this joint
    proxy statement/prospectus in accordance with the merger
    agreement.



Break-Up Fee 
(see
page 89)

IRT must pay Equity One a break-up fee of
$15 million if the merger agreement is terminated as a
result of any of the following:

 

if IRT terminates the merger agreement because
    the IRT board has withdrawn, modified, amended or qualified in
    any manner adverse to Equity One its approval or recommendation
    of the merger or the merger agreement in connection with any
    acquisition proposal or the IRT board approves or recommends an
    acquisition proposal;

 

if IRT terminates the merger agreement in order
    to enter into a binding written agreement with respect to an
    acquisition proposal; or

 

if Equity One terminates the merger agreement
    because the IRT board has withdrawn, modified, amended or
    qualified in any manner adverse to Equity One its approval or
    recommendation (except if the IRT board has taken such action on
    the fourth business day before the special meeting because
    Equity Ones stock price has fallen below specified
    thresholds) or, after an announcement or receipt by IRT of an
    acquisition proposal, IRT has failed to call the IRT
    shareholders meeting.

In addition, if an alternative acquisition
proposal shall have been received by IRT prior to the
termination of the merger agreement and IRT subsequently
completes that alternative acquisition proposal or another
acquisition proposal within 12 months after such
termination, then IRT must pay to Equity One a fee of
$15 million fee if:

 

IRT shall have terminated the merger agreement
    because a permanent injunction or other order of a court or any
    rule, decree, statute, law, executive order or regulation had
    been enacted, preventing consummation of the merger;

 

IRT shall have terminated the merger agreement
    because the merger was not completed prior to 5:00 p.m.,
    Eastern time, on March 31, 2003 and the reason the merger
    shall not have been completed resulted primarily from action or
    inaction of IRT or any of its subsidiaries;

 

either IRT or Equity One shall have terminated
    the merger agreement because the shareholders of IRT did not
    approve the merger and the merger agreement; or

 

either IRT or Equity One shall have terminated
    the merger agreement because the IRT board withdrew, modified,
    amended or qualified its recommendation of the merger on the
    fourth business day before the special meeting because the
    weighted average trading price per share of Equity One for the
    30 preceding trading days is less than $12.06, or the
    weighted average trading price per share of Equity One for the
    three preceding trading days is less than $11.00.

If an alternative acquisition proposal shall not
have been received by IRT prior to the termination of the merger
agreement or IRT does not subsequently complete that alternative
acquisition proposal or another acquisition proposal within
12 months after such termination, then IRT is not required
to pay Equity One a break-up fee if the merger agreement has
been terminated for any of the reasons in the four preceding
bullet points. Furthermore, IRT is not required to pay Equity
One a break-up fee if the merger agreement is terminated for any
other circumstance not specifically mentioned above.

Summary of Material Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Merger 
(see
page 74)

Equity One
Stockholders.
 Equity One common
stockholders will not realize either gain or loss for U.S.
federal income tax purposes as a result of the merger.

IRT Shareholders.

The merger is structured to qualify as a reorganization within
the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
If the merger does so qualify and you are an IRT shareholder who
receives solely shares of Equity One common stock as merger
consideration, you will not recognize any gain or loss for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, except with respect to cash
received in lieu of a fractional share. In contrast, if you are
an IRT shareholder who receives solely cash, you generally will
recognize gain or loss to the extent of the difference between
the amount of cash you receive and your adjusted basis in your



IRT shares, regardless of whether the merger
qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. In addition,
so long as the merger qualifies as a reorganization within the
meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, if
you are an IRT shareholder who receives both Equity One common
stock and cash, you may be taxed on part or all of the cash you
receive, depending upon your particular situation.

The tax consequences of the merger to you as
an IRT shareholder will depend on your individual situation. You
should consult your personal tax adviser for a full
understanding of the tax consequences of the merger to
you.

Accounting Treatment

(see page 73)

The merger will be accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting with Equity One having acquired
IRT, which means that the assets and liabilities of IRT,
including its intangible assets, will be recorded on Equity
Ones books at their fair market value. The results of
operations and cash flows of IRT will be included in Equity
Ones financial statements prospectively as of the closing
of the merger.

Regulatory Matters

(see page 73)

Neither Equity One nor IRT is aware of any
material federal or state regulatory approvals that must be
obtained in connection with the merger.

Dissenters Rights

(see page 73)

Under the Maryland General Corporation Law and
Equity Ones charter, Equity One stockholders are not
entitled to dissenters rights in connection with the
merger. Under the Georgia Business Corporation Code and
IRTs charter, IRT shareholders are also not entitled to
dissenters rights in connection with the merger.

Interest of Certain Persons in the Merger;
Conflicts of Interest 
(see
page 72)

In considering whether or not to approve the
merger and the merger agreement, IRT shareholders should be
aware that, as described below, some IRT executive officers,
including Thomas H. McAuley, who is also a director of IRT,
have interests in, and will receive benefits from, the merger
that differ from, or are in addition to, and, therefore, may
conflict with, the interests of IRT shareholders generally.

Forgiveness of
Loans.
 Several officers of IRT have
issued promissory notes payable to IRT in the aggregate
outstanding amount of approximately $1 million. Pursuant to the
terms of these notes, upon shareholder approval of the merger, a
change of control will occur, and all outstanding amounts under
these loans will be forgiven.

Equity-Based Awards.

An aggregate of 214,449 shares of unvested restricted stock
previously granted to various executive officers of IRT pursuant
to IRTs compensation plans will vest immediately upon
completion of the merger.

Retention and Severance
Agreements.
 IRT has existing
employment agreements with several of its executive officers
which become effective in the event of a change of control and
will therefore be triggered upon completion of the merger. These
change of control employment agreements will provide
these executives with certain benefits, including rights of
severance if the executives employment is terminated
following the merger, that they would not otherwise have in the
absence of the merger.

In addition, IRT has existing employment
agreements with Thomas H. McAuley, the President and Chief
Executive Officer of IRT, and James G. Levy, the Chief
Financial Officer of IRT, pursuant to which, if the executive
terminates his employment for good reason, the
executive will receive severance payments of approximately
$1.7 million in the case of Mr. McAuley and
approximately $500,000 in the case of Mr. Levy. Good
reason includes any termination by the executive for any
reason during the period beginning 90 days after a change
of control and ending on the last business day 13 months
following the change of control. The



merger will be a change of control
for purposes of these agreements. If any payments are made to
Mr. McAuley or Mr. Levy pursuant to the severance
provisions of their respective employment agreements that would
result in an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal
Revenue Code, the executive officer will receive a tax
reimbursement payment from the surviving company that would put
the executive officer in the same financial position after-tax
that he would have been in if the excise tax did not apply to
such amounts.

In addition, under the severance provisions of
the employment agreements described above, the executive officer
and his eligible dependents will continue to be eligible to
participate in the medical, dental, disability and life
insurance plans and arrangements applicable to him immediately
before his termination of employment, on substantially the same
terms and conditions in effect immediately before the
termination. Coverage will continue for the applicable severance
period.

It is currently anticipated that Mr. McAuley
will terminate his employment 90 days after completion of
the merger and that he will therefore be entitled to receive all
of his severance benefits.



Summary Selected Consolidated Financial
Data

Equity
One

The following tables set forth selected
consolidated financial and operating information on a historical
basis for Equity One. The selected operating data and certain
other data set forth below for the years ended December 31,
2001, 2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997, and the balance sheet data as
of December 31, 2001, 2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997 have been
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of
Equity One. The selected operating and other data as of and for
the nine months ended September 30, 2002 and 2001 have been
derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements of Equity One. The following information should be
read together with the consolidated financial statements and
financial statement notes of Equity One incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Nine Months Ended

September 30,

Year Ended December 31,

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

Statement of Operations Data(1):

Total revenues(2)

$

75,423

$

56,425

$

80,207

$

47,948

$

26,035

$

21,936

$

19,533

Property operating expenses

21,800

16,567

24,067

13,091

6,702

5,611

4,917

Rental property depreciation and amortization

10,109

7,657

10,841

6,177

3,396

2,798

2,310

Interest expense

16,596

15,979

20,756

12,336

4,851

4,667

5,306

Amortization of deferred financing fees

1,142

Put option expense











1,320



(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt

(1,520

)



1,546









General and administrative expenses

5,011

2,454

3,553

2,559

1,622

1,381

1,029

Total costs and expenses

52,578

42,779

61,905

34,433

16,676

15,968

13,781

Other income (expenses)

(889

)

(874

)

(1,755

)

3,718

2,632



Income from continuing operations

$

23,205

$

12,757

$

17,428

$

11,760

$

13,077

$

8,600

$

5,752

Net income

$

32,631

$

13,625

$

18,721

$

12,555

$

13,589

$

9,065

$

6,198

Basic earnings per share:

Income from continuing operations

$

0.72

$

0.63

$

0.77

$

0.82

$

1.21

$

0.96

$

0.89

Net Income

$

1.01

$

0.67

$

0.83

$

0.88

$

1.26

$

1.01

$

0.96

Diluted earnings per share:

Income from continuing operations

$

0.71

$

0.62

$

0.77

$

0.82

$

1.21

$

0.95

$

0.81

Net Income

$

1.00

$

0.66

$

0.83

$

0.87

$

1.26

$

1.00

$

0.87

September 30,

December 31,

(In thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:

Rental property, net

$

671,777

$

613,777

$

627,687

$

483,699

$

204,919

$

138,623

$

119,250

Total assets

718,568

670,007

668,536

542,817

212,497

152,955

126,903

Mortgage notes payable

307,713

331,622

345,047

280,396

97,752

67,145

71,004

Total liabilities

368,918

389,344

390,269

321,267

121,068

71,737

73,323

Minority interest in CEFUS







33,887







Stockholders equity

349,650

280,663

278,267

187,663

91,429

81,218

53,580



Nine Months Ended

September 30,

Year Ended December 31,

(In thousands)

Other Data:

Cash flow from:

Operating activities

$

35,921

$

16,963

$

32,804

$

15,506

$

20,169

$

3,697

$

8,843

Investing activities

(45,587

)

(28,921

)

(44,298

)

(11,165

)

(62,239

)

(23,824

)

(6,173

)

Financing activities

10,170

13,848

10,053

(2,421

)

40,903

19,123

(2,023

)

Gross leaseable area (square feet at end of
    period)

8,677

8,460

8,637

3,169

2,836

2,078

2,004

(1) 

Operating data has been restated to reflect the
    reporting of discontinued operations.

(2) 

Excludes real estate sales.



     IRT

The following tables set forth selected
consolidated financial and operating information on a historical
basis for IRT. The selected operating data and certain other
data set forth below for the years ended December 31, 2001,
2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997, and the balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2001, 2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997 have been
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of
IRT. The selected operating and other data as of and for the
nine months ended September 30, 2002 and 2001 have been
derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements of IRT. The following information should be read
together with the consolidated financial statements and
financial statement notes of IRT incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Nine Months Ended

September 30,

Year Ended December 31,

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

Operating Data:

Gross revenues

$

67,752

$

65,115

$

85,535

$

85,016

$

85,004

$

79,556

$

66,515

Expenses

49,048

47,873

63,996

60,306

58,719

55,344

44,785

Income from continuing operations before income
    taxes, minority interest, gain on sales of properties and
    discontinued operations

18,704

17,242

21,539

24,710

26,285

24,212

21,730

Income tax provision

(9

)

(53

)

(53

)









Minority interest of unitholders in operating
    partnership

(396

)

(405

)

(530

)

(568

)

(654

)

(247

)



Gain on sales of properties and outparcels



2,498

3,848

4,549

2,483

1,213

3,897

Income from continuing operations

18,299

19,282

24,804

28,691

28,114

25,178

25,627

Discontinued operations

Income from discontinued operations, net of
    minority interest

Gain on sales of properties, net of minority
    interest

2,062













Income from discontinued operations

2,357

Income before extraordinary item

20,656

19,597

25,220

29,039

28,488

25,642

26,113

Extraordinary item:

Loss on extinguishment of debt

(156

)







(157

)

(57

)



Net income

$

20,500

$

19,597

$

25,220

$

29,039

$

28,331

$

25,585

$

26,113

Per Share Data:

Income (loss) per common share, basic

Income from continuing operations

$

0.57

$

0.64

$

0.82

$

0.91

$

0.85

$

0.77

$

0.80

Discontinued operations

0.07

0.01

0.01

0.01

0.01

0.01

0.02

Extraordinary item

(0.01

)













Net income

$

0.63

$

0.65

$

0.83

$

0.92

$

0.86

$

0.78

$

0.82

Weighted average shares outstanding

32,360

30,294

30,322

31,536

33,119

32,940

31,868

Income (loss) per common share, diluted

Income from continuing operations

$

0.57

$

0.63

$

0.82

$

0.90

$

0.85

$

0.77

$

0.80

Discontinued operations

0.07

0.01

0.01

0.01

0.01

0.01

0.02

Extraordinary item

(0.01

)













Net income

$

0.63

$

0.64

$

0.83

$

0.91

$

0.86

$

0.78

$

0.82

Weighted average shares outstanding

32,551

31,191

33,301

34,432

33,904

33,305

31,921



September 30,

December 31,

(In thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:

Real estate, before accumulated depreciation

$

695,284

$

660,559

$

683,265

$

637,259

$

630,005

$

622,117

$

537,160

Real estate, net of accumulated depreciation

575,611

554,956

573,921

541,076

543,835

547,174

474,633

Total assets

592,436

576,488

590,500

574,560

565,896

562,259

498,153

Total debt

296,988

319,384

334,361

319,498

290,493

281,585

226,947

Total liabilities

314,776

334,088

349,611

331,426

302,301

292,401

238,476

Minority interest

7,719

7,815

7,755

7,981

7,392

7,085

Total shareholders equity

269,941

234,585

233,134

235,153

256,203

262,773

259,676

Nine Months Ended

September 30,

Year Ended December 31,

(In thousands)

Other Data:

Net cash flows from (used in):

Operating activities

$

30,088

$

28,457

$

39,490

$

38,416

$

41,452

$

36,728

$

34,792

Investing activities

(5,721

)

(6,228

)

(24,229

)

(17,011

)

(8,551

)

(39,586

)

(60,273

)

Financing activities

(26,824

)

(21,498

)

(13,635

)

(21,088

)

(32,731

)

2,927

22,582

Gross leaseable area (square feet at end of
    period)

9,812

9,681

9,655

9,629

9,843

10,035

9,011



Equivalent Per Share Data

The following tables set forth a summary of per
share information for Equity One and IRT on a historical basis,
pro forma combined basis and pro forma combined equivalent
basis. The pro forma combined amounts are based on applying the
purchase method of accounting for the merger, assuming a 50%
cash election by IRT shareholders, and also include certain
other transactions of Equity One as described in the unaudited
pro forma condensed consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The IRT per
share pro forma combined equivalents are calculated by
multiplying the pro forma combined per common share amounts by
the exchange ratio of 0.9 to be paid by Equity One per share of
IRT common stock in the merger.

The pro forma financial information should be
read together with the historical and pro forma financial
statements of Equity One and IRT included or incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See
Where You Can Find More Information beginning on
page 121.

For the Nine

For the Year

Months Ended

Ended

September 30,

December 31,

Basic

Diluted

Basic

Diluted

Net income (loss) per common share
    operations:

Equity One:

From continuing operations

$

0.72

$

0.71

$

0.77

$

0.77

Net income

$

1.01

$

1.00

$

0.83

$

0.83

IRT:

From continuing operations

$

0.57

$

0.57

$

0.82

$

0.82

Net income

$

0.63

$

0.63

$

0.83

$

0.83

Equity One and IRT pro forma combined:

From continuing operations

$

0.75

$

0.75

$

0.87

$

0.86

Net income

$

0.97

$

0.96

$

0.91

$

0.90

IRT pro forma combined equivalent:

From continuing operations

$

0.68

$

0.68

$

0.78

$

0.77

Net income

$

0.87

$

0.86

$

0.82

$

0.81

For the Nine

Months Ended

For the Year Ended

September 30, 2002

December 31, 2001

Cash dividends declared per common
    share:

Equity One

$

0.81

$

1.06

IRT

$

0.71

$

0.94

Equity One and IRT pro forma combined

$

0.88

$

0.96

IRT pro forma combined equivalent

$

0.79

$

0.86

Shareholders equity (book value) per
    common share (end of period):

Equity One

$

10.17

$

9.67

IRT

$

7.89

$

7.64

Equity One and IRT pro forma combined

$

11.38

$

11.61

IRT pro forma combined equivalent

$

10.24

$

10.45



Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Consolidated Financial Data

The following table sets forth the summary
unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial data for
Equity One and IRT as a combined entity, giving effect to the
merger as if it had occurred on the dates indicated and after
giving effect to the pro forma adjustments. The unaudited pro
forma condensed consolidated operating data are presented as if
the merger had been consummated on January 1, 2001. The
unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated balance sheet data at
September 30, 2002 is presented as if the merger had been
consummated on September 30, 2002. The pro forma amounts
also include certain other transactions of Equity One as
described in the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
financial data contained elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. In the opinion of management of Equity
One, all adjustments necessary to reflect the effects of those
transactions have been made. The merger will be accounted for
under the purchase method of accounting as provided by Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141.

The pro forma financial information should be
read together with the respective audited consolidated financial
statements and financial statement notes of Equity One and IRT
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. See Where You Can Find More
Information on page 121. The unaudited pro forma
operating data are presented for informational purposes only and
are not necessarily indicative of what the actual combined
results of operations of Equity One and IRT would have been for
the periods presented, nor do these data purport to represent
the results of future periods. See Unaudited Pro Forma
Financial Data beginning on page 107 in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

Nine Months

Ended

Year Ended

September 30,

December 31,

(In thousands, except per share

amounts)

Statement of Operating Data:

Total revenues

$

143,175

$

181,442

Property operating expenses

39,004

49,383

Interest expense

35,102

53,282

Amortization of deferred financing fees

1,844

Rental property depreciation and amortization

20,468

26,477

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt

(1,364

)

1,546

General and administrative expenses

8,237

9,371

Total costs and expenses

102,349

141,903

Other income (expenses)

(45

)

3,047

Income from continuing operations

$

40,781

$

42,586

Net income

$

52,564

$

44,495

Basic earnings per share

Income from continuing operations

$

0.75

$

0.87

Net income

$

0.97

$

0.91

Diluted earnings per share

Income from continuing operations

$

0.75

$

0.86

Net income

$

0.96

$

0.90

Weighted average shares outstanding

Basic

54,495

49,224

Diluted

55,412

52,525



September 30, 2002

Balance Sheet Data:

Rental property, net

$

1,400,436

Total assets

$

1,471,148

Mortgage notes

$

441,078

Revolving credit facilities

$

181,988

Senior notes, net

$

150,711

Total liabilities

$

825,994

Stockholders equity

$

645,154



Comparative Per Share Market Price and
Dividend Information

The following table sets forth the range of the
reported high and low sale prices per share of shares of Equity
One and IRT common stock as shown on the New York Stock
Exchange, or NYSE, as well as the per share dividends declared
on those shares, for the calendar quarters indicated.

Equity One

IRT

Common Stock

Common Stock

High

Low

Dividends

High

Low

Dividends

First Quarter

$

10.5625

$

9.1875

$

0.26

$

8.6250

$

7.6875

$

0.235

Second Quarter

10.0000

9.0625

0.26

8.7500

7.8750

0.235

Third Quarter

10.5625

9.5625

0.26

9.2500

8.5625

0.235

Fourth Quarter

10.3750

9.3750

0.32

8.5000

7.5625

0.235

First Quarter

$

11.0000

$

9.9375

$

0.26

$

9.3500

$

8.1875

$

0.235

Second Quarter

12.5300

10.0100

0.26

10.8900

8.8600

0.235

Third Quarter

11.9800

10.6400

0.27

10.8800

9.5500

0.235

Fourth Quarter

14.1000

11.5200

0.27

11.2800

10.2500

0.235

First Quarter

$

14.6000

$

13.3000

$

0.27

$

11.7100

$

10.5500

$

0.235

Second Quarter

14.2500

13.2500

0.27

12.7400

11.5500

0.235

Third Quarter

14.1400

12.0800

0.27

12.5200

11.4600

0.235

Fourth Quarter (through

December 23, 2002)

$

13.7000

$

12.2800

$

0.27

$

12.0000

$

10.8000

$

0.311

(1)

(1) 

The fourth quarter 2002 dividend of IRT consists
    of its $0.235 regular quarterly dividend and a partial dividend
    of $0.076 declared by IRT pursuant to the merger agreement to
    synchronize the payment of its dividends with the payment of
    Equity Ones dividends.

The following table sets forth the closing price
per share of Equity One and IRT as reported on the NYSE on
October 28, 2002, the last trading day before Equity One
and IRT announced the proposed merger, and on December 23,
2002, the last trading day before the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. This table also shows the implied value of
one IRT share, which was calculated by multiplying the closing
price per Equity One common share on those dates by 0.9.

Implied Value of One

IRT

Equity One

Share of IRT Common

Common Stock

Common Stock

Stock

October 28, 2002

$

11.60

$

13.59

$

12.231

December 23, 2002

$

11.84

$

12.98

$

11.682

We encourage you to obtain current market prices
for shares of Equity One and IRT common stock on the NYSE.

Equity One intends to list the Equity One common
stock that IRT shareholders will receive in the merger on the
NYSE.

The approximate number of record holders of
Equity One common stock on December 23, 2002, was 400 and
the approximate number of beneficial owners of such shares was
4,500. On December 23, 2002, there were approximately 2,200
holders of record of IRTs common stock and approximately
14,000 beneficial owners.

Equity One intends to continue to declare
quarterly dividends on Equity One common stock after completion
of the merger. In the merger agreement, Equity One agreed to pay
a regular quarterly dividend of at least $0.27 per share for the
initial dividend period immediately following the merger,
subject to legally available funds. However, no assurances can
be made as to the amounts of Equity Ones future dividends
because dividends are subject to Equity Ones cash flow
from operations, earnings, financial condition, capital
requirements and other factors as the Equity One board of
directors considers relevant. Equity One is required to
distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income. The amount
of cash available for dividends is affected by, among other
things, capital expenditures and debt service requirements to
the extent that Equity One were to fund such items out of cash
flow from operations.



RISK FACTORS

In considering whether to vote in favor of the
merger and, if you are an IRT shareholder, whether to elect to
receive cash or Equity One common stock in connection with the
merger, you should consider all of the information included in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the matters
addressed in Special Note Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements on page 27. In addition, you should
carefully consider the following risk factors considered by us,
based on the information available to us, to be material to the
approval of the merger agreement and the merger and/or inherent
in the business of the combined company and in the ownership of
the combined companys stock. These factors are important,
and we have not been able to quantify their potential effects on
the combined company that will result from the merger.

Risks Related to the Merger

IRT shareholders may not receive the form
    of merger consideration that they elect.

The merger agreement limits the number of IRT
shares that may be exchanged for cash in the merger to 50% of
IRTs total outstanding shares. Accordingly, although each
IRT shareholder may elect to receive all of his or her merger
consideration in cash, if cash elections are made for more than
50% of IRTs total outstanding shares, then the number of
shares that may be exchanged for cash will be proportionately
reduced and the remainder will be exchanged for shares of Equity
One common stock.

In addition, in order to preserve the status of
the merger as a reorganization within the meaning of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, as further
explained in the section entitled The Merger
Agreement  Tax Adjustment on page 79,
Equity One may have to reduce the number of cash elections and
increase the number of stock elections that are made or deemed
to be made by IRT shareholders.

IRT and Equity One have agreed to a fixed
    exchange ratio, and, as a result, the shares of Equity One
    common stock to be issued in the merger may have a market value
    that is lower than expected.

The exchange ratio for the stock consideration of
0.9 shares of Equity One common stock for each share of IRT
common stock was fixed at the time of the signing of the merger
agreement and is not subject to adjustment based on changes in
the trading price of Equity One or IRT common stock before the
closing of the merger. As a result, the market price of Equity
One common stock at the time of the merger may vary
significantly from the price on the date the merger agreement
was signed or from the price on either the date of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus or the date of the special meetings.
These variances may arise due to, among other things:

 

changes in the business, operations and prospects
    of Equity One or IRT;

 

the financial condition of current or prospective
    tenants of Equity One or IRT;

 

interest rates, general market and economic
    conditions and other factors;

 

market assessments of the likelihood that the
    merger will be completed and the timing of the merger; and

 

market perception of the future profitability of
    the combined company.

Substantially all of these factors are beyond the
control of Equity One and IRT. It should be noted that during
the 12-month period ending December 23, 2002, the day prior
to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the
closing per share price of Equity One common stock varied from a
low of $12.08 to a high of $14.60. Historical trading prices are
not necessarily indicative of future performance.



IRTs operations may not be integrated
    successfully with those of Equity One, and the intended benefits
    of the merger may not be realized, which could have a negative
    impact on the market price of Equity Ones common stock
    after completion of the merger.

No assurance can be given that the anticipated
expense reductions or other operating synergies will be realized
by Equity One following the merger or that unanticipated costs
will not arise as a result of the merger. For example,
transaction costs, such as increased transfer taxes, consent
fees or professional expenses, could exceed our original
estimates or future operating expenses, such as increased
personnel costs, increased property taxes or increased travel
expenses, could be higher than anticipated, all of which could
have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and
financial condition of the combined company after the merger. If
the expected savings are not realized or unexpected costs are
incurred, the merger could have a significant dilutive effect on
Equity Ones per share operating results, including per
share funds from operations.

In addition, the completion of the merger poses
risks for the ongoing operations of the combined company,
including:

 

the diversion of managements attention to
    the integration of the operations of IRT could have a material
    adverse effect on Equity Ones revenues, expenses and
    operating results; and

 

the IRT portfolio may not perform as well as
    anticipated due to various factors, including the financial
    condition of significant tenants, changes in macro-economic
    conditions and the demand for leasing space in its existing
    markets.

The issuance of Equity One common stock in
    the merger along with the issuance of shares in the concurrent
    private placement may have a dilutive effect on Equity
    Ones operating results on a per share basis.

Depending on the number of IRTs
shareholders that receive Equity One common stock in the merger,
Equity One could be required to issue up to approximately
37.7 million shares of its common stock upon the closing of
the merger and within the 12 months following the closing
of the private placement. If 50% of the IRT shareholders elect
to receive cash and Equity One agrees to issue all 6,911,000
shares in the private placement, then the $92 million of
proceeds from the private placement will be available to pay a
portion of the $208 million of cash consideration owed to
the IRT shareholders. However, if more than 74% of IRT
shareholders receive stock instead of cash, then Equity One does
not anticipate needing any of the proceeds from the private
placement to pay the cash consideration. In such a case, unless
Equity One can productively deploy the cash proceeds from the
private placement, the private placement could potentially have
a dilutive effect on Equity Ones per share operating
results, including per share funds from operations.

As a result of the merger, Equity One may
    be required to repay in full its and IRTs outstanding
    credit facilities as well as the outstanding debt of their
    subsidiaries.

Equity One, IRT and their subsidiaries currently
have debt outstanding of approximately $300 million that
requires that the outstanding principal balances and accrued
interest be repaid in full upon completion of the merger or
otherwise require the consent of the appropriate lenders prior
to completion of the merger. As a result, Equity One may be
required to repay or refinance the outstanding balances of these
loans following the merger. There is no guarantee that Equity
One will be able to refinance these loans on favorable terms, if
at all. In addition, if Equity One cannot repay these loans, it
may default under its other credit facilities. Any default,
therefore, may have an adverse effect on the financial
performance of Equity One and its stock price.

You will experience a reduction in
    percentage ownership and voting power with respect to your
    shares as a result of the merger.

Equity One stockholders and those IRT
shareholders who receive Equity One common stock in the merger
will experience a substantial reduction in their respective
percentage ownership interests and effective voting power
relative to their respective percentage ownership interests in
Equity One and IRT prior to the



merger. In addition, Equity One may issue up to
an additional 6,911,000 shares of its common stock in connection
with the concurrent private placement to certain affiliated
investors in order to finance a portion of the merger
consideration and for other corporate purposes. In the future,
Equity One may issue additional shares of common stock in public
offerings, mergers and acquisitions, redemptions of operating
partnership units or otherwise, all of which would further
reduce your percentage ownership of Equity One.

As a result of the merger, Equity One will
    enter new markets, and it may not be successful operating in
    those markets.

IRT owns properties in the states of Texas,
Florida, Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, Mississippi,
North and South Carolina, Virginia and Kentucky. Equity One
currently owns properties in the states of Florida, Texas and
Arizona, and, therefore, as a result of the merger, Equity One
will enter new markets. In addition, following the merger,
Equity One may make other selective investments in these markets
from time to time and may also make other selective investments
in markets outside of its current markets if appropriate
opportunities arise. Equity Ones management expertise in
Florida and Texas may not assist it in the management of
IRTs properties and its expansion into new markets.
Because of Equity Ones expansion into new market areas, it
may be exposed to risks associated with, among other things:

 

a lack of market knowledge and understanding of
    the local economy;

 

an inability to attract new tenants or maintain
    relationships with existing tenants;

 

an inability to attract and retain employees with
    appropriate experience to manage assets in the new markets;

 

an inability to identify property acquisition
    opportunities;

 

sudden adverse shifts in supply and demand
    factors; and

 

an unfamiliarity with local governmental and
    permitting procedures.

Under certain circumstances, IRT is
    obligated to pay Equity One a break-up fee upon termination of
    the merger agreement.

No assurance can be given that the merger will be
completed. The merger agreement provides for the payment by IRT
of a break-up fee of $15 million if the merger is
terminated by IRT under certain circumstances. The obligation to
make that payment may adversely affect the ability of IRT to
engage in another transaction in the event the merger is not
completed and may have an adverse impact on the financial
condition of IRT. See The Merger Agreement 
Termination; Break-Up Fee and Expenses and The
Merger  IRT Reasons for the Merger.

Shareholder litigation in connection with
    the merger could prevent or delay the completion of the
    merger.

Since October 31, 2002, three IRT
shareholders filed three separate purported class action suits
in the Superior Court of Cobb County, State of Georgia, against
IRT, IRTs board of directors and Equity One alleging
claims of breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment and
irreparable harm. The complaints seek declaratory relief, an
order enjoining completion of the merger and unspecified damages.

Although IRT and Equity One believe that these
suits are without merit and intend to defend themselves
vigorously, there can be no assurance that the pending
litigation will not interfere with the completion of the merger.
IRT and Equity One do not expect that these suits will interfere
with the scheduling of their special meetings or the completion
of the merger, if approved.

Failure of Equity One or IRT to qualify as
    a REIT could result in a significant tax liability for the
    combined company, which would adversely affect its results of
    operations.

Each of Equity One and IRT believes that it has
operated in a manner that allows it to qualify as a REIT under
the Internal Revenue Code and each company intends to continue
to so operate through and including



the effective time of the merger. It is intended
that after the merger, Equity One will operate the combined
business in a manner so that it will continue to qualify as a
REIT. Although we believe that Equity One and IRT are organized
and operate in such a manner, no assurance can be given that
Equity One will remain qualified as a REIT following the merger.
Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly
technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
for which there are only limited judicial or administrative
interpretations and involves the determination of various
factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our
control. In addition, no assurance can be given that new
legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or
court decisions will not significantly change the tax laws with
respect to qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax
consequences of such qualification.

If the combined company fails to qualify as a
REIT, it may, among other things:

 

not be allowed a deduction for distributions to
    stockholders in computing its taxable income;

 

be subject to federal income tax, including any
    applicable alternative minimum tax, on its taxable income at
    regular corporate rates;

 

be subject to increased state and local taxes; and

 

unless entitled to relief under certain statutory
    provisions, be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the
    taxable year in which it lost its qualification and the four
    taxable years following the year during which it lost its
    qualification.

As a result of these factors, the failure of
Equity One to qualify as a REIT following the merger also could
impair its ability to expand its business and raise capital,
could substantially reduce the funds available for distribution
to its stockholders and could reduce the trading price of its
common stock following the merger.

IRTs executive officers have
    conflicts of interest in the merger that differ from the
    interests of IRT shareholders generally.

In considering whether or not to approve the
merger and the merger agreement, IRT shareholders should be
aware that some of IRTs executive officers, including
Thomas H. McAuley, who is also a director of IRT, have interests
in, and will receive benefits from, the merger that differ from,
or are in addition to, and, therefore, may conflict with, the
interests of IRT shareholders generally, including:

 

Forgiveness of
    Loans.
 An aggregate of approximately
    $1 million of loans made to officers of IRT will be forgiven as
    a result of the merger.

 

Equity-Based Awards.

An aggregate of 214,449 shares of
    unvested restricted stock previously granted to various
    executive officers of IRT pursuant to IRTs compensation
    plans will vest immediately upon completion of the merger and
    will be converted into either cash or freely-tradeable stock in
    the merger.

 

Retention and Severance Agreements.

IRT has existing employment agreements
    with several of its executive officers which will entitle them
    to severance benefits, under certain conditions, in the
    aggregate amount of approximately $3 million following the
    completion of the merger, including automatic payments in the
    amounts of $1.7 million to Thomas H. McAuley, the President
    and Chief Executive Officer of IRT, and $500,000 to James G.
    Levy, the Chief Financial Officer of IRT.

Please see the section entitled The
Merger  Interest of Certain Persons in the Merger;
Conflicts of Interest beginning on page 72 for a more
detailed discussion of the potential conflicts of interests of
these officers.

Affiliates of Equity One will have
    significant influence over the combined company, which could
    limit other stockholders ability to influence corporate
    decisions.

Chaim Katzman, the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Equity One, is also Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Gazit-Globe (1982), Ltd., a real estate investment
company which trades on the Tel



Aviv Stock Exchange as part of the T.A.S.E. 100
(TASE: GLOB). Mr. Katzman and his affiliates, including
Gazit-Globe and other related entities such as First Capital
Realty Inc., MGN (USA), Inc., Gazit (1995) Inc., Silver
Maple (2001), Inc. and Ficus, Inc., beneficially own in the
aggregate as of November 1, 2002 approximately 62% of the
outstanding shares of Equity Ones common stock. Following
the merger and the concurrent private placement, this group will
own at least 36% of the outstanding shares of Equity One common
stock and may own up to 48% depending on the number of IRT
shareholders that receive Equity One common stock in the merger
and the number of shares issued in the private placement.
Accordingly, Mr. Katzman will be able to exercise
significant control over the outcome of substantially all
matters required to be submitted to Equity Ones
stockholders for approval following the merger, including
decisions relating to the election of its board of directors and
the determination of its day-to-day corporate and management
policies. In addition, Mr. Katzman will be able to exercise
significant control over the outcome of any proposed merger or
consolidation of Equity One under Maryland law following the
merger. Mr. Katzmans ownership interest in Equity One
may discourage third parties from seeking to acquire control of
Equity One which may adversely affect the market price of its
common stock.

The combined company may be unable to
    obtain an investment-grade credit rating on its senior unsecured
    debt, which could impair its ability to incur additional
    corporate debt at favorable rates in the future.

Currently, IRTs senior unsecured debt is
rated by Moodys Investor Services as Baa3 and by Standard
& Poors as BBB-. Immediately following the
announcement of the proposed merger, both Moodys and
Standard & Poors announced that they were reviewing
IRTs credit rating for possible downgrade if the merger is
completed. We can give no assurance that Equity One will be able
to retain the investment-grade credit rating upon its assumption
of IRTs senior unsecured debt following the completion of
the merger. A corporate credit rating that is below
investment-grade may limit the ability of Equity One to incur
unsecured debt at favorable rates in the future and may, in
turn, limit Equity Ones ability to grow and acquire new
properties. In addition, the interest rate on $50 million
of IRTs senior unsecured debt will increase by
50 basis points if Equity One is unable to obtain an
investment-grade credit rating.

Risks Related to the Properties and Business
of the Combined Company after the Merger

The combined company will be dependent upon
    certain key tenants, and adverse developments in the business of
    these tenants could have a negative impact on the financial
    condition of the combined company.

As part of its business strategy, Equity One will
continue to own shopping centers which are supported by
anchor tenants which, due to size, reputation or
other factors, are particularly responsible for drawing other
tenants and shoppers to its centers. For instance, following the
merger, Publix will be the largest tenant of the combined
company and will account for approximately 1.7 million
square feet, or 9.2%, of its gross leasable area.

At any time, an anchor tenant or other tenant may
experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its
financial condition. As a result, tenants may delay lease
commencement, fail to make rental payments when due or declare
bankruptcy. The combined company would be subject to the risk
that these tenants may be unable to make their lease payments or
may decline to extend a lease upon its expiration. Any tenant
bankruptcies, leasing delays, or failures to make rental
payments when due could result in the termination of the
tenants lease and material losses to the combined company
and harm to its operating results. For example, in
January 2002, Kmart Corporation, an anchor tenant in three
of Equity Ones shopping centers and eight of IRTs
shopping centers, filed for bankruptcy protection and has
subsequently closed stores and terminated leases at one of
Equity Ones centers and two of IRTs centers.
Although Equity One does not believe that Kmarts
bankruptcy will have a materially adverse impact on the
financial condition of the combined company, if Kmart elects to
close all of the stores in Equity Ones and IRTs
centers, it would adversely affect the combined companys
operating results, including funds from operations.



In addition to the loss of rental payments from
the anchor tenant, a lease termination by an anchor tenant or a
failure by that anchor tenant to occupy the premises could
result in lease terminations or reductions in rent by other
tenants in the same shopping center whose leases permit
cancellation or rent reduction if an anchor tenants lease
is terminated. Vacated anchor tenant space also tends to
adversely affect the entire shopping center because of the loss
of the departed anchor tenants power to draw customers to
the center. We cannot provide any assurance that the combined
company will be able to quickly re-lease vacant space on
favorable terms, if at all. Any of these developments could
adversely affect the financial condition of Equity One following
the merger.

Growth of the combined company may be
    impeded if it is not successful in identifying suitable
    acquisitions that meet its criteria.

After the merger, the business strategy of Equity
One will be to make future acquisitions of or investments in
additional real estate assets or other real estate companies.
Integral to this strategy will be the combined companys
ability to expand in the future by identifying suitable
acquisition candidates or investment opportunities that meet its
criteria and are compatible with its growth strategy. Equity One
may not in the future be successful in identifying suitable real
estate assets or other businesses that meet its acquisition
criteria or completing acquisitions or investments on
satisfactory terms. Failures in identifying or completing
acquisitions could reduce the number of acquisitions it is able
to make and may slow its growth, which could in turn harm its
future stock price.

Future acquisitions of real estate assets
    or other real estate companies may not yield the returns
    expected, may result in disruptions to the business of the
    combined company, may strain management resources and may result
    in stockholder dilution.

Equity Ones acquisition strategy and its
market selection process may not ultimately be successful and
may not provide positive returns on its capital. If Equity One
acquires a business, it will be required to integrate the
operations, personnel and accounting and information systems of
the acquired business and train, retain and motivate any key
personnel from the acquired business. In addition, acquisitions
may cause disruptions in its operations and divert
managements attention away from day-to-day operations,
which could impair its relationships with its current tenants
and employees. The issuance of equity securities in connection
with any acquisitions could be substantially dilutive to the
stockholders of the combined company.

The combined company will face increasing
    competition for the acquisition of real estate assets, which may
    impede its ability to make future acquisitions or may increase
    the cost of these acquisitions.

Following the merger, Equity One will continue to
compete with many other entities engaged in real estate
investment activities for acquisitions of community and
neighborhood shopping centers, including institutional pension
funds, other REITs and other owner-operators of shopping
centers. These competitors may drive up the price Equity One
must pay for real estate assets or other real estate companies
it seeks to acquire or may succeed in acquiring those companies
or assets themselves. In addition, potential acquisition targets
may find competitors to be more attractive suitors because they
may have greater resources, may be willing to pay more or may
have a more compatible operating philosophy. In particular,
larger REITs may enjoy significant competitive advantages that
result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital and
enhanced operating efficiencies. In addition, the number of
entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable
investment properties may increase. Such competition may reduce
the number of suitable properties and increase the bargaining
position of the owners of those properties. This will result in
increased demand for these assets, and, therefore, increased
prices paid for them. If Equity One must pay higher prices for
properties, its profitability will be reduced, and its
stockholders may experience a lower return on their investment.



Geographic concentration of the combined
    companys properties will make its business vulnerable to
    economic downturns in Florida.

After completion of the merger, approximately 46%
of Equity Ones gross leasable area will be located in
Florida. As a result, economic and real estate conditions in
Florida will significantly affect Equity Ones revenues and
the value of its properties. Business layoffs or downsizing,
industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other similar
factors may adversely affect the economic climate in Florida.
Any resulting oversupply or reduced demand for retail properties
in Florida would adversely affect Equity Ones operating
performance and limit Equity Ones ability to make
distributions to stockholders.

The combined company may be subjected to
    liability for environmental contamination for which it does not
    have insurance and which might have a material adverse impact on
    the combined companys financial condition and results of
    operations.

As an owner and operator of real estate and real
estate-related facilities, Equity One may be liable for the
costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances
present at, on, under, in or released from its properties, as
well as for governmental fines and damages for injuries to
persons and property. Equity One may be liable without regard to
whether it knew of, or was responsible for, the environmental
contamination and with respect to properties currently owned by
IRT, whether the contamination occurred before or after the
merger. Equity One and IRT have several properties in their
combined portfolio that will require or are currently undergoing
varying levels of environmental remediation. Unlike IRT, Equity
One does not currently, and the combined company will not after
the merger, maintain an environmental insurance policy.

The investments in development and
    redevelopment projects by the combined company may not yield
    anticipated returns, which would harm its operating results and
    reduce the amount of funds available for distributions to
    stockholders.

A component of the growth strategy for Equity One
following the merger will be to continue the development of
IRTs development projects as well as the development and
redevelopment of properties within its existing portfolio. In
addition, Equity One intends to develop new shopping centers at
other locations and pursue other development and redevelopment
activities as opportunities arise. There can be no assurance
that Equity One will be able to do so successfully. Such
activities may include expanding and/or renovating properties or
developing new sites. Expansion, renovation and development
projects generally require expenditures of capital, as well as
various governmental and other approvals, which Equity One may
not be able to obtain, or may only obtain after delay and at
substantial costs.

While the policies of Equity One following the
merger with respect to expansion, renovation and development
activities are intended to limit some of the risks otherwise
associated with such activities, such as initiating construction
only after securing commitments from anchor tenants, it will
nevertheless be subject to risks that construction costs of a
property, such as cost overruns and timing delays due to lack of
availability of materials and labor, weather conditions and
other factors outside of its control, may exceed original
estimates, possibly making the property uneconomical. Any
substantial unanticipated delays or expenses could adversely
affect the investment returns from these redevelopment projects
and harm the operating results of the combined company. In
addition, occupancy rates and rents at a newly completed
property may not be sufficient to make the property profitable,
construction and permanent financing may not be available on
favorable terms for development and construction and lease-up
may not be completed on schedule, resulting in increased debt
service expense and construction costs.

The combined company will have substantial
    debt obligations which may reduce its operating performance and
    put it at a competitive disadvantage.

Following the merger, Equity One will have
outstanding debt in the principal amount of approximately
$774 million, including $128 million used to pay
various acquisition related costs in the merger and will have a
pro forma debt-to-total market capitalization ratio of
approximately 51% assuming 50% of IRT shareholders elect cash
and based on Equity Ones closing stock price on the date
the merger agreement was



signed. In addition, Equity One may incur
additional indebtedness in the future. As a result, it will be
subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing,
including the risk that its cash flow will be insufficient to
meet required payments of principal and interest, the risk that
interest rates may increase on variable-rate debt, and the risk
that indebtedness on its properties will not be refinanced at
maturity or that the terms of such refinancing will not be as
favorable as the terms of such indebtedness.

If the internally generated cash of Equity One
following the merger will be adequate to repay only a portion of
its indebtedness prior to maturity, then Equity One will be
required to repay debt through refinancings or equity offerings.
If Equity One is unable to refinance its indebtedness on
acceptable terms, or at all, it might be forced to dispose of
one or more of its properties upon disadvantageous terms, which
might result in losses to it and might adversely affect its cash
available for distribution. If prevailing interest rates or
other factors at the time of refinancing result in higher
interest rates on refinancings, the interest expense of Equity
One would increase, without a corresponding increase in its
rental rates, which would adversely affect its results of
operations. Further, if one of Equity Ones properties is
mortgaged to secure payment of indebtedness and it is unable to
meet mortgage payments, or it is in default under the related
mortgage or deed of trust, such property could be transferred to
the mortgagee, or the mortgagee could foreclose upon the
property, appoint a receiver and receive an assignment of rents
and leases or pursue other remedies, all with a consequent loss
of income and asset value to Equity One. Foreclosure could also
create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds,
thereby hindering Equity Ones ability to meet the REIT
distribution requirements under the Internal Revenue Code.

The combined companys financial
    covenants may restrict its operating or acquisition activities,
    which may harm its financial condition and operating
    results.

The existing mortgage indebtedness that will
remain an obligation of the combined company after the merger
contain, and it is anticipated that Equity Ones new credit
facility will contain, customary covenants and conditions
typically found in similar credit facilities, including, among
others, the compliance with various financial ratios and
restrictions upon the incurrence of additional indebtedness and
liens on the properties. Furthermore, the terms of some of this
indebtedness will restrict Equity Ones ability to
consummate transactions that result in a change of control or to
otherwise issue equity or debt securities. The existing
mortgages also contain customary negative covenants such as
those that limit Equity Ones ability, without the prior
consent of the lender, to further mortgage the applicable
property or to discontinue insurance coverage. If Equity One
were to breach any of the covenants in these debt agreements,
the lender could declare a default and require Equity One to
repay the debt immediately, and, if the debt is secured, the
lender may be entitled to take possession of any property
securing the loan.

Certain indebtedness of Equity One may
    currently be in default as a result of prior issuances of Equity
    Ones common stock or prior acquisitions which may serve as
    a basis for Equity Ones lenders to accelerate amounts due
    under the related mortgages or demand payments or
    fees.

Certain of the mortgages on Equity Ones
properties contain prohibitions on transfers of ownership
interests in the mortgagor or its parents without the prior
written consent of the lenders, which provisions may have been
violated by previous transactions. A violation could serve as a
basis for the lenders to accelerate amounts due under the
related mortgages, demand payments or assess fees or penalties.

The outstanding amounts under the mortgages on
the affected properties covered by such restrictions on transfer
total approximately $59 million as of September 30,
2002. In the event that the requested assurances or consents are
not obtained and the mortgage holders declare defaults under the
mortgage documents, the combined company could be required to
prepay the remaining mortgages from existing resources,
refinancings of such mortgages, borrowings under its other lines
of credit or other sources of financing. The repayment of these
mortgages could have an adverse impact on the operations and
affect its ability to make distributions to stockholders in the
anticipated amounts.



Several of Equity Ones controlling
    stockholders have pledged their Equity One shares as collateral
    under bank loans, foreclosure and disposition of which could
    have a negative impact on Equity Ones stock
    price.

Several of Equity Ones stockholders that
beneficially own a controlling interest in Equity One, including
Gazit-Globe (1982), Ltd. and related entities, have pledged a
substantial portion of the Equity One stock they own to secure
loans made to them by commercial banks. In the aggregate, these
stockholders have pledged more than 19 million shares,
representing more than 55% of Equity Ones total
outstanding shares, to Bank Leumi le-Israel B.M., Trust Company
of Clali Bank le Israel B.M. and Mercantile Discount Bank B.M.
In addition, some of the shares to be purchased in the private
placement may be similarly pledged.

If a stockholder defaults on any of its
obligations under these pledge agreements or the related loan
documents, these banks may have the right to sell the pledged
shares in one or more public or private sales that could cause
Equity Ones stock price to decline. Many of the
occurrences that could result in a foreclosure of the pledged
shares are out of the control of Equity One and are unrelated to
the operations of Equity One. Some of the occurrences that may
constitute such an event of default include:

 

the stockholders failure to make a payment
    of principal or interest when due;

 

the occurrence of another default that would
    entitle any of the stockholders other creditors to
    accelerate payment of any debts and obligations owed to them by
    the stockholder;

 

if the bank, in its absolute discretion, deems
    that a change has occurred in the condition of the stockholder
    to which the bank has not given its prior written consent;

 

if the stockholder ceases to pay its debts or
    manage its affairs or reaches a compromise or arrangement with
    its creditors; and

 

if, in the opinion of the bank, the value of the
    pledged shares shall be reduced or is likely to be reduced (for
    example, the price of Equity Ones common stock declines).

In addition, because so many shares are pledged
to secure loans, foreclosure upon the occurrence of an event of
default could result in a sale of pledged shares that would
trigger a change of control of Equity One, even when such a
change may not be in the best interests of Equity Ones
stockholders.

The organizational documents of Equity One
contain provisions which may discourage a takeover, may make
removal of Equity Ones management more difficult and may
depress Equity Ones stock price.

The organizational documents of Equity One
contain provisions that may have an anti-takeover effect and
inhibit a change in its management. For instance, Equity
Ones charter contains ownership limits and restrictions on
transferability of shares of its capital stock in order to
protect its status as a REIT. These provisions prevent any one
stockholder from owning, actually or constructively, more than
9.9% of the value or number of outstanding shares of its capital
stock without its prior consent. In addition, Equity Ones
charter and bylaws contain other provisions that may have the
effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control
or the removal of existing management and, as a result, could
prevent Equity Ones stockholders from receiving a premium
for their shares of common stock above the prevailing market
prices. These provisions include the ability to issue preferred
stock, staggered terms for Equity One directors, advance notice
requirements for stockholder proposals, the absence of
cumulative voting rights and provisions relating to the removal
of incumbent directors. Finally, Maryland law also contains
several statutes that restrict mergers and other business
combinations with an interested stockholder or that may
otherwise have the effect of preventing or delaying a change of
control.



SPECIAL NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains
statements about future events and expectations which are
forward-looking statements. Any statement in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus that is not a statement of
historical fact may be deemed to be a forward-looking statement.
These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:

 

statements regarding possible or assumed future
    results of operations of Equity One, IRT and the combined
    company contained in Questions and Answers about the
    Merger, Summary, Equity Ones
    Special Meeting  Proposal II  Approval of
    Issuance of Equity One Common Stock in the Private
    Placement  Opinion of the Equity One Special
    Committees Financial Advisor,  The
    Merger  Background of the Merger, The
    Merger  IRTs Reasons for the Merger,
    The Merger  Equity Ones Reasons for the
    Merger, The Merger  Opinion of Equity
    Ones Financial Advisor and The
    Merger  Opinion of IRTs Financial
    Advisor, including any forecasts, projections and
    descriptions of anticipated cost savings or other synergies
    referred to in those sections, and any similar statements
    incorporated by reference from documents filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission by Equity One and IRT,
    including any statements regarding the development or possible
    or assumed future results of operations of Equity Ones,
    IRTs and the combined companys businesses, the
    markets for Equity Ones and IRTs and the combined
    companys services and properties, anticipated capital
    expenditures, competition or the effects of the merger.

 

any statements preceded by, followed by or that
    include the words may, might,
    could, would, believes,
    expects, anticipates, plans,
    estimates, projects, intends
    or similar expressions; and

 

other statements contained or incorporated by
    reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding
    matters that are not historical facts.

Because these statements are subject to risks and
uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We
caution you not to place undue reliance on those statements,
which speak only as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Among the factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially are:

 

general economic conditions, competition and the
    supply of and demand for shopping center properties in the
    combined companys markets;

 

managements ability to successfully combine
    and integrate the properties and operations of two previously
    separate companies;

 

interest rate levels and the availability of
    financing;

 

potential environmental liability and other risks
    associated with the ownership, development and acquisition of
    shopping center properties;

 

risks that tenants will not take or remain in
    occupancy or pay rent;

 

greater than anticipated construction or
    operating costs;

 

inflationary and other general economic trends;

 

the effects of a hurricane and other natural
    disasters; and

 

other risks detailed from time to time in the
    reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
    Equity One and IRT.

Neither Equity One nor IRT undertakes any
obligation to release publicly any revisions to any
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.



ABOUT THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT AND
PROSPECTUS

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is part of
a registration statement that Equity One has filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the Equity One
common stock being issued in the merger. This joint proxy
statement/prospectus provides you with a general description of
the securities Equity One is offering in the merger. You should
read this joint proxy statement/prospectus together with the
additional information described under the heading Where
You Can Find More Information beginning on page 121.



THE EQUITY ONE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place of the Equity One Special
Meeting

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being
delivered to stockholders of Equity One in connection with the
solicitation by its board of directors of proxies to be voted at
a special meeting to be held on Wednesday, February 12,
2003 at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, at the Sheraton Bal Harbour,
9701 Collins Avenue, Bal Harbour, Florida 33154. This joint
proxy statement/prospectus and the accompanying proxy card are
first being mailed to Equity One stockholders on or about
December 31, 2002.

Purpose of the Equity One Special Meeting; the
Proposals

The Equity One special meeting is being held for
the following purposes:

1. To vote on the approval of the agreement
    and plan of merger, dated October 28, 2002, by and between
    Equity One and IRT, a copy of which is attached as

Annex A
 to this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
    and the merger of IRT with and into Equity One.

2. To vote on the approval of the issuance
    of up to 6,911,000 shares of Equity One common stock
    concurrently with the closing of the merger in connection with a
    private placement to affiliated investors pursuant to the common
    stock purchase agreement, dated October 28, 2002, among
    Equity One and those investors, a copy of which is attached as

Annex B
 to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

3. To elect Mr. Patrick L. Flinn as a
    Class A director of the Equity One board to hold office
    until the 2005 annual meeting of stockholders and until his
    successor is duly elected and qualifies.

We know of no business to be brought before the
special meeting other than the proposals stated above. If any
other business should properly come before the special meeting,
the persons named in the proxy will vote on those matters in
their discretion.

Record Date and Quorum Requirement

The Equity One board of directors has fixed the
close of business on December 30, 2002 as the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of, and to
vote at, the special meeting. Each holder of record of Equity
One common stock at the close of business on the record date is
entitled to one vote for each share then held on each matter
submitted to a vote of stockholders. As of December 23,
2002, there were approximately 400 holders of record of Equity
Ones common stock and approximately 4,500 beneficial
owners.

Prior to the special meeting, Equity One will
select one or more inspectors of election for the meeting. Such
inspectors shall determine the number of shares of common stock
represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum and the
validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive, count and
tabulate ballots and votes and determine the results thereof.

The holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote at the special meeting must be present
in person or represented by proxy to constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business at the special meeting. Abstentions and
shares referred to as broker or nominee non-votes
that are represented at the special meeting (shares held by
brokers or nominees as to which instructions have not been
received from the beneficial owners or other persons entitled to
vote and the broker or nominee does not have discretionary
voting power on a particular matter) are counted for purposes of
determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the
transaction of business. If less than a majority of the
outstanding shares of common stock are represented at the
special meeting, holders of a majority of the shares so
represented may adjourn the meeting to another date, time or
place, and notice need not be given of the new date or time.

Voting

After carefully reading and considering the
information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
please complete and sign your proxy and return it in the
enclosed return envelope as soon as



possible, so that your shares may be represented
at the special meeting. If you sign and send in your proxy and
do not indicate how you want to vote, we will count your proxy
as a vote in favor of the proposals, including the merger.
Brokers and, in many cases, nominees will not have discretionary
power to vote on the proposals to be presented at the special
meeting. Failures to vote, votes to abstain and broker or
nominee non-votes will have the same legal effect as votes cast
against approval of the merger. Accordingly, beneficial owners
of shares should instruct their brokers or nominees how to vote.

As of December 23, 2002, the directors,
executive officers and their affiliates beneficially owned a
total of 26,133,607 shares of Equity One common stock,
representing approximately 76% of the outstanding shares of
Equity One common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.
Substantially all of these Equity One stockholders have entered
into voting agreements pursuant to which they have agreed to
vote in favor of all three proposals, as described below.

Voting Agreements

The following stockholders have entered into
voting agreements with IRT agreeing to vote all shares of Equity
One common stock beneficially owned by them in favor of the
three proposals: Noam Ben-Ozer, Robert L. Cooney, Nathan
Hetz, Chaim Katzman, Peter Linneman, Alan J. Marcus, Alan
Merkur, Shaiy Pilpel, Dori Segal, Howard M. Sipzner, Doron
Valero, AH Investments US, L.P., Alony Hetz
Properties & Investments, Ltd., Ficus, Inc., Gazit
(1995), Inc., Gazit-Globe (1982) Ltd., M.G.N. (USA), Inc.
and Silver Maple (2001), Inc.

In addition, each of those stockholders has
agreed to vote:

 

against any action, proposal, agreement,
    transaction or matter that, if taken, executed or consummated by
    Equity One, would result in a breach of any covenant,
    obligation, agreement, representation or warranty of Equity One
    contained in the merger agreement; and

 

against any action, proposal, agreement or
    transaction, including any competing acquisition proposal, that,
    if taken, executed or consummated by Equity One, could result in
    any of the conditions to IRTs obligations under the merger
    agreement not being fulfilled or that is intended, or could
    reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere or be inconsistent
    with, delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect the
    completion of the merger or the transactions contemplated by the
    merger agreement.

As of December 23, 2002, these persons
beneficially owned a total of 26,112,303 shares of Equity One
common stock, representing approximately 76% of the outstanding
shares of Equity One common stock entitled to vote at the
special meeting. Therefore, unless the voting agreements are
terminated, each of the proposals will be approved at the
special meeting.

In the event that any stockholder of Equity One
who executed a voting agreement fails to satisfy his or its
obligations to vote in favor of the merger and against any
action that would be taken in opposition to or in competition
with the merger, the other stockholders are not released from
their voting agreements, and their obligations to vote in favor
of the merger will continue.

Pursuant to the voting agreements, the holders of
Equity One common stock may terminate their voting agreements
if, on the fourth business day prior to the special meeting,
Equity Ones weighted average trading price for the 30
prior trading days is less than $12.06 or for the three prior
trading days is less than $11.00. In addition, Equity One
stockholders may terminate their voting agreements if, on the
fourth business day prior to the special meeting, IRTs
weighted average trading price for the 30 prior trading days is
less than $10.935 or for the three prior trading days is less
than $9.935.

Revocation of Proxies

The giving of a proxy does not preclude the right
to vote in person should any stockholder giving the proxy so
desire. Stockholders have an unconditional right to revoke their
proxies at any time prior to the exercise thereof, either in
person at the special meeting or by filing with Equity
Ones secretary at its headquarters a written revocation or
duly executed proxy bearing a later date; however, no such
revocation will be effective



until written notice of the revocation is
received by Equity One at or prior to the special meeting.
Subject to such revocation, all shares represented by each
properly executed proxy received by Equity Ones secretary
will be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated
thereon, and if no instructions are indicated, will be voted to
approve the proposals, including the merger agreement and the
merger, and in such manner as the persons named on the enclosed
proxy card in their discretion determine upon such other
business as may properly come before the special meeting.

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

All expenses incurred in connection with
solicitation of the enclosed proxy of Equity One stockholders
will be paid by Equity One. Equity Ones officers,
directors and regular employees, who will receive no additional
compensation for their services, may solicit proxies by
telephone or personal call. Equity One may also request banks,
brokers and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to
forward copies of the proxy material to their principals and to
request authority for the execution of proxies. Equity One may
reimburse such persons for their expenses in doing so.



Proposal I  Approval of the Merger
and the Merger Agreement

At the special meeting, Equity One stockholders
will be asked to approve the agreement and plan of merger, dated
as of October 28, 2002, a copy of which is attached to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex A
, and the
merger of IRT with and into Equity One. Completion of the merger
is dependent upon the approval by Equity One stockholders of the
merger.

For a detailed discussion of the merger,
including the background of the merger, Equity Ones
reasons for the merger, the opinion of Equity Ones
financial advisor with respect to the merger consideration and
other material terms of the merger, see the sections of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled The Merger
and The Merger Agreement.

     Vote
Required

Under Equity Ones charter, the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Equity One common stock is required to approve the merger.

     Recommendation
of the Equity One Board

The board of directors of Equity One has
unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger and
unanimously recommends that the stockholders of Equity One vote
FOR the merger agreement and the merger.

Proposal II  Approval of the
Issuance of Equity One Common Stock in the Private
Placement

In addition to the approval of the merger and the
merger agreement, Equity One stockholders will be asked to
approve the issuance of up to 6,911,000 shares of Equity One
common stock concurrently with the closing of the merger in
connection with a private placement to affiliated investors. A
copy of the common stock purchase agreement, dated as of
October 28, 2002, is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as 
Annex B
. The common stock
purchase agreement governs the principal terms of the private
placement and should be read by Equity One stockholders in its
entirety.

To the extent necessary to ensure that an
aggregate of 22.3 million shares of Equity One common stock
will be issued in connection with the merger, the completion of
the private placement will be a condition to the completion of
the merger. See The Merger Agreement 
Conditions to Each Partys Obligations to Complete the
Merger.

     The Terms of
the Private Placement

Pursuant to the common stock purchase agreement,
Equity One has agreed to issue up to 6,911,000 shares of its
common stock to certain affiliated investors in order to fund a
portion of the cash consideration payable to IRT shareholders in
the merger.

The Equity One shares will be sold at a price
equal to $13.30 per share plus an additional adjustment amount
if more than 50% of IRT shareholders elect to receive shares of
Equity One common stock in the merger. The adjustment amount is
equal to the lesser of $0.20 and the product obtained by
multiplying $0.20 by the number of shares of IRT common stock
converted into Equity One shares in the merger and dividing the
result by two million. As a result of this potential adjustment,
the maximum price that will be paid by the investors is $13.50
per share.

The initial closing of the private placement will
take place simultaneously with the closing of the merger. At the
initial closing, the special committee will determine the exact
number of shares to be issued to the investors at that time, not
to exceed the investors maximum commitment of 6,911,000
shares. Pursuant to the common stock purchase agreement, Equity
One agreed to issue a minimum of three million shares to the
investors at the initial closing. If less than all of the shares
are issued at the initial closing, a minimum of three million
additional shares, and up to the remaining 3,911,000, as
determined by the special committee, will be issued



and paid for in two equal installments on
October 15, 2003 and April 15, 2004. If shares are
sold in installments, the price at each subsequent closing will
be the same as the price paid at the initial closing.

The investors in the private placement have the
right to terminate the common stock purchase agreement if, on
the fourth business day before the special meeting, the 30-day
weighted average trading price of Equity Ones common stock
is less than $12.06 or the three-day weighted average trading
price of Equity Ones common stock is less than $11.00.

Each of the investors was also given the right,
on up to four occasions, to demand registration of the shares
that they purchase in the private placement. In addition, they
are entitled to participate in any registration of Equity One
common stock undertaken by Equity One. The rights are subject to
customary conditions, including conditions imposed by
underwriters in underwritten offerings. The demand rights may
not be exercised prior to the sixth month following the
completion of the merger.

     Background of
the Private Placement

As discussed in the description of the merger
below, if the maximum cash election in the merger occurs, Equity
One will be required to pay up to $208 million to IRT
shareholders for their shares of IRT common stock. In order to
fund this obligation, Equity One considered various financing
options, including bank financing and public and private sales
of Equity One common stock. A factor in Equity Ones
consideration of these alternatives was the concern raised by
IRT that the combined company have leverage ratios that are
similar to those of Equity One and IRT prior to the merger. IRT
was specifically concerned that any disproportionate increase in
the combined companys leverage might have an adverse
effect on the investment-grade credit rating of IRTs
public unsecured notes following the merger and may trigger an
increase in the interest payable on those notes. Equity One
determined, therefore, that it would be necessary to fund a
portion of the cash consideration from an equity offering and
agreed, at IRTs request, that, as a condition to
IRTs obligation to effect the merger, Equity One would
issue at least an aggregate of 22.3 million shares of its
common stock either as merger consideration or in connection
with a sale of common stock concurrently with the merger.

During the course of the negotiations with IRT
regarding the equity funding, Equity Ones Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, Chaim Katzman, had exploratory
discussions with certain affiliated investors regarding their
willingness to purchase up to 10 million shares of Equity
One common stock. In light of a favorable response by the
investors, a potential private placement with affiliated
investors was proposed to the full board of directors at its
meeting on September 20, 2002. Because of the potential
conflicts raised by the fact that some members of the Equity One
board of directors were also affiliates of the potential
investors, including Messrs. Katzman, Segal and Hetz, the
Equity One board established a special committee. This committee
was composed of Messrs. Ben Ozer, Cooney, Linneman and
Pilpel, each of whom was independent with respect to both Equity
One and the potential investors. The Equity One board of
directors also authorized the special committee to exercise the
full power of the board to explore the benefits of the proposed
private placement, to consider alternative sources of equity
financing in the context of the proposed merger, to engage an
independent financial advisor and counsel and to negotiate the
terms of and approve the equity financing. In addition, the
special committee was authorized to make recommendations to the
board as to whether it should recommend that the Equity One
stockholders approve the issuance of the shares of common stock
in connection with the equity financing.

On September 24, 2002, the special committee
conducted an organizational meeting and appointed
Messrs. Cooney and Linneman as co-chairmen. In addition,
the committee authorized Equity Ones Chief Financial
Officer to obtain proposals from potential financial advisors to
the special committee. As a result of this process, the special
committee selected Legg Mason Wood Walker, Incorporated to act
as its financial advisor and to render a fairness opinion with
respect to any equity financing with affiliated investors.

At a meeting on October 1, 2002, the special
committee considered the potential costs, completion
uncertainty, market risks and timing complexities relative to
the merger of alternative sources of equity financing. Based on
the results of this discussion, the special committee determined
to pursue a potential private placement with the group of
affiliated investors and appointed Mr. Ben Ozer to act as
its lead



negotiator in discussions with that group. Over
the next four weeks, Mr. Ben Ozer conducted numerous
discussions with Mr. Nathan Hetz, who acted as lead
negotiator on behalf of the affiliated investors. Mr. Ben
Ozer reported to the special committee regarding the results of
and received its instructions regarding these negotiations at
four meetings held during that period of time. Initial drafts of
the common stock purchase agreement and registration rights
agreement, the principal documents governing the private
placement, were distributed by Greenberg Traurig, P.A., on
behalf of the special committee, on October 25, 2002. Over
the next three days, representatives of the special committee,
Greenberg Traurig and the investor group and its counsel
negotiated the terms of these documents.

At a meeting of the special committee held on the
evening of October 28, 2002, the special committee met to
consider the proposed terms of the private placement and to
receive Legg Masons opinion regarding the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by
Equity One in the proposed private placement. Representatives of
Legg Mason advised the committee that, among other factors,
based on the costs associated with, the uncertainty of the
proceeds from, and the potential delayed timing of alternative
financing options, all as more fully described below in
 The Opinion of the Equity One Special
Committee Financial Advisor, the consideration to be
received by Equity One in the proposed private placement was
fair to Equity One from a financial point of view. This oral
opinion was confirmed by a written opinion by Legg Mason dated
as of October 28, 2002.

Following the analysis provided by Legg Mason,
the special committee engaged in extensive discussions regarding
the positive and negative factors relating to the private
placement, a summary of which are described below under the
caption  Equity Ones Reasons for the
Private Placement. Following this discussion, the special
committee concluded, based in part on the opinion delivered by
Legg Mason, that the private placement was advisable to, and in
the best interests of, Equity Ones stockholders, and by a
unanimous vote approved the private placement and the common
stock purchase agreement and resolved to recommend to the Equity
One board that it recommend to the Equity One stockholders that
they approve the issuance of the shares of Equity One common
stock in connection with the private placement.

Immediately following the meeting of the special
committee, the Equity One board conducted a telephonic meeting
to evaluate and approve the merger. At that meeting, the board
received a report from the representatives of the special
committee that Legg Mason had delivered an opinion to that
committee as to the fairness of the consideration to be received
by Equity One in the private placement and that the committee
had approved the private placement and the common stock purchase
agreement. In addition, the representatives of the special
committee delivered their recommendation to the board that it
should recommend to the Equity One stockholders that they
approve the private placement. Following a discussion of the
terms of the private placement and based on the recommendation
of the special committee, the Equity One board, with Messrs.
Katzman, Segal and Hetz abstaining, resolved to recommend to the
Equity One stockholders that they approve the issuance of the
Equity One common stock in connection with the private placement.

     Equity
Ones Reasons for the Private Placement

The Equity One special committee sought and
received the advice of its non-affiliated management, including
Mr. Doron Valero, Equity Ones President and Chief
Operating Officer, and Mr. Howard M. Sipzner, Equity
Ones Chief Financial Officer, financial advisors and legal
counsel throughout its consideration of the private placement.
Set forth below is a discussion of material positive and
negative factors considered by the Equity One special committee
in making its determination to approve the private placement.

Positive Factors Considered by the Special
Committee. 
In making its
determinations, the Equity One special committee considered the
following positive factors in its deliberations concerning the
common stock purchase agreement and the private placement:

 

Highest Net Proceeds to Equity One.

The private placement, as compared to
    other alternative financing methods, has limited associated
    costs. Unlike other equity offerings, there are no selling
    concessions, underwriters fees or management or placement
    fees. In addition, the special committee



was advised that alternative financing methods
    would require a greater discount from the prevailing market
    price than the private placement. Also, unlike many bank
    financings, the investors required no commitment or similar
    fees. Therefore, given the per share price and the low
    transaction costs associated with the private placement, Equity
    One will be able to raise net proceeds from the private
    placement that exceed most alternative financing methods.

 

Timing of the Private Placement.

In connection with the private
    placement, the special committee was able to negotiate the
    definitive common stock purchase agreement in a very short time
    period. In addition, the closing of the private placement will
    occur without the need for additional regulatory clearance with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission or other regulatory body.
    Therefore, unlike other alternative financing methods, the
    private placement can be completed without any delays that could
    adversely affect the completion of the merger.

 

Certainty of
    Transaction.
 Unlike most equity
    offerings, the special committee was able to determine with
    certainty at the time that the merger agreement was executed the
    minimum price at which the sale of Equity One common stock would
    occur. In addition, the common stock purchase agreement
    obligates the investors to purchase the Equity One common stock
    without any material closing conditions (other than the closing
    of the merger). In contrast, any registered equity offering
    would be priced at the closing of that offering and would be
    subject to market price uncertainty until that time. In
    addition, there would be no guarantee that such an offering
    would close at all.

 

Delayed Closing.

    Pursuant to the terms of the common stock purchase agreement,
    the special committee can delay the sale of up to 3,911,000
    shares until after the completion of the merger depending on the
    number of IRT shareholders that elect to receive Equity One
    common stock and can also reduce the maximum number of shares
    sold in the private placement from 6,911,000 to 6,000,000.

 

The Completion of the Merger is a Condition to
    the Completion of the Private Placement.

The completion of the private
    placement is conditioned upon the completion of the merger.
    Therefore, the common stock purchase agreement will terminate,
    along with Equity Ones obligation to sell shares of its
    common stock to the investors, upon any valid termination of the
    merger agreement, without any termination fee or other penalty
    being assessed to Equity One.

Negative Factors Considered by the Special
Committee. 
The Equity One special
committee also considered the following possible negative
factors in its deliberations concerning the common stock
purchase agreement and the private placement:

 

Potential Dilution.

    Depending on the number of IRT shareholders that receive stock
    in the merger, Equity One could be required to issue up to
    approximately 37.7 million shares of its common stock in
    connection with the merger and the private placement. Unless
    Equity One can productively deploy the proceeds of the private
    placement not needed to pay the cash consideration in the
    merger, the private placement could be dilutive to Equity
    Ones per share operating results, including per share
    funds from operations.

 

Obligation to Register Shares in the Future.

Subject to customary conditions,
    beginning six months following the merger, the investors have
    the right to, on up to four occasions, demand registration of
    the shares that they purchase in the private placement. Equity
    One would be required to bear the costs associated with that
    registration.

The above discussion is not intended to be
exhaustive of all factors considered by the Equity One special
committee but does set forth material positive and negative
factors considered by the committee. At the October 28,
2002 meeting of the special committee, the committee members
unanimously adopted and approved the private placement and the
common stock purchase agreement in light of the various factors
described above and other factors that each such member believed
was appropriate. In view of the wide variety



of factors considered by the special committee in
connection with its evaluation of the private placement and the
complexity of these matters, the special committee did not
consider it practical, and did not attempt, to quantify, rank or
otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors it
considered in reaching its decision. Rather, the special
committee made its determination based on the totality of
information presented to and the investigation conducted by it.
In considering the factors discussed above, individual committee
members may have given different weights to different factors.

     Opinion of
the Equity One Special Committees Financial
Advisor

Legg Mason presented an oral opinion to the
special committee on October 28, 2002, confirmed in a
written opinion dated the same date, that, as of that date and
subject to the assumptions made, matters considered and the
limitations set forth in the opinion, the consideration to be
received by Equity One in the private placement is fair to
Equity One from a financial point of view. The full text of Legg
Masons opinion is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as 
Annex C
 and is incorporated
herein by reference. Legg Masons opinion sets forth
certain assumptions made, matters considered and limits on the
review undertaken by Legg Mason in connection with its
engagement. The following summary of Legg Masons opinion
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
the opinion. Legg Masons opinion is directed only to the
fairness to Equity One, from a financial point of view, of the
consideration to be received by Equity One in the private
placement and does not address any other aspect of the
transactions related to the merger or the merger itself. Legg
Masons opinion was provided for the information and
assistance of the special committee in connection with its
consideration of the private placement and is not a
recommendation by Legg Mason of any action to the special
committee, the Equity One board of directors or any of Equity
Ones stockholders should take.

In preparing its opinion, Legg Mason reviewed a
variety of materials including those specifically identified in
its opinion and made investigations as it deemed appropriate.
Legg Mason did not independently verify any of the information
it obtained, either from Equity One or publicly, for the
purposes of its opinion. Instead, Legg Mason assumed the
accuracy and completeness of all such information. Legg Mason
relied upon assurances from Equity Ones unaffiliated
management that all forward-looking information concerning
Equity One and IRT that was provided to Legg Mason reflected the
best currently available judgments and estimates of management
as to its likely future financial performance and capital
requirements. Legg Mason assumed that the private placement
would be consummated in accordance with the terms of the common
stock purchase agreement. Legg Mason also assumed that in
connection with the receipt of all the necessary regulatory and
other approvals for the private placement, no restrictions would
be imposed that would materially adversely affect the private
placement or the contemplated benefits expected to be derived
from it by Equity One. Legg Mason did not make an independent
inspection, evaluation or appraisal of Equity Ones assets
or liabilities, nor did anyone furnish Legg Mason with any
evaluation or appraisal. Legg Masons opinion is based on
market, economic and other conditions as they existed or could
be evaluated at the time that its opinion was rendered.

In rendering its opinion, Legg Mason employed a
variety of analyses and reviews. The preparation of a fairness
opinion involves various determinations of the most appropriate
and relevant methods of financial analyses and review and the
application of those methods to the particular circumstances.
Therefore, a fairness opinion is not necessarily susceptible to
partial analysis or summary description. Legg Mason believes
that its analysis and reviews must be considered as a whole and
that selection of portions of its analysis and reviews and of
the factors considered by it, without considering all of the
factors and analyses and reviews, would create a misleading view
of the processes underlying its opinion. In arriving at its
opinion, Legg Mason did not attribute any particular weight to
any particular analysis, review or factor considered by it, but
rather made qualitative judgments about the significance and
relevance of each analysis, review and factor.

In conducting its analyses and reviews, Legg
Mason made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business and economic conditions and other
matters, many of which are beyond Equity Ones control. The
analyses and reviews conducted by Legg Mason do not purport to
be an appraisal of Equity One and are not necessarily indicative
of actual values or actual future results that might be
achieved, all of which may be significantly more or less
favorable than suggested by Legg Masons analyses and
reviews.



In connection with its analyses and reviews, Legg
Mason utilized estimates and forecasts of Equity Ones
future operating results contained in or derived from
projections developed and supplied by Equity Ones
management. Analyses based on forecasts of future results are
not necessarily indicative of actual future results, which may
be significantly more or less favorable than the forecasts. Such
analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty, being based on
numerous factors or events beyond Equity Ones control and
are susceptible to interpretations and periodic revision based
on actual experience and business and economic developments
after the date they were prepared. Therefore, actual results may
be materially different from these forecasts or assumptions.

Subject to the foregoing qualifications, the
following is a summary of material analyses and reviews
performed by Legg Mason in connection with the preparation of
Legg Masons fairness opinion delivered to the special
committee on October 28, 2002.

Alternative Financing Options
Summary.
 Legg Mason compared the
private placement with the potential proceeds from alternative
financing methods that might have been available to Equity One
as of October 28, 2002. These alternative financing methods
might have included follow-on underwritten public offerings,
asset sales, private investment in public entity, or PIPE,
transactions, preferred stock issuances and public debt
issuances. However, the merger agreement requires that Equity
One issue not less than 22.3 million shares of common stock
in connection with the merger. If IRT shareholders elect to
receive the minimum amount of Equity Ones common stock in
the merger, Equity One would be required to issue an additional
6,911,000 shares of Equity Ones common stock to meet
this requirement. Because Equity One is subject to this
limitation, Legg Mason assumed that debt issuances, preferred
equity issuances, asset sales and issuances of other securities
would not be a viable alternative financing structure for Equity
One, and thus did not analyze these transactions. Therefore,
Legg Mason analyzed the following financing strategies:

 

A follow-on offering of common stock that
    includes a pre-sale marketing effort;

 

A spot offering of common stock, or a so-called
    bought-deal, that does not include a pre-sale
    marketing effort; and

 

A private placement of common stock with a
    non-affiliated investor.

Legg Mason estimated the share price Equity One
might expect to receive in the alternative financing methods and
compared them with the pricing in the private placement as
described below. In addition to the net proceeds analysis
described below, Legg Mason considered a number of theoretical
criteria including pricing, completion risk, timing and approval
requirements, fees and other factors that would be associated
with alternative transactions.

     Valuation
Summary.

Value of the Consideration in the Private
Placement:

Low

Median

Mean

High

Consideration Per Share(1)

$

13.30

$

13.38

$

13.39

$

13.45

Equity Consideration for Alternative Financing
Methods:(2)

Low

Median

Mean

High

Follow-on Offering Valuation Range

$

12.24

$

12.88

$

12.82

$

13.11

Spot Offering Valuation Range

$

12.16

$

12.91

$

12.97

$

13.51

PIPE Offering Valuation Range

$

9.90

$

11.13

$

11.21

$

12.36

(1) 

The valuation ranges are based on the percentage
    of IRT shareholders that elect to take Equity Ones common
    stock in the merger, as discussed below.

(2) 

All valuation ranges for the alternative
    financing methods are calculated based on the closing price on
    October 28, 2002 of $13.59.



Common Stock Purchase Agreement
Analysis.
 Because the actual
consideration to be received by Equity One in the private
placement is uncertain, Legg Mason had to calculate the range of
potential consideration that could be received. As described
above, the purchase price to be paid by the investors in the
private placement will vary based on the number of IRT
shareholders who elect to receive shares of Equity Ones
common stock in the merger. In addition, the number of shares of
Equity Ones common stock that will be issued in the
private placement will vary between 6,000,000 shares and
6,911,000 shares. In providing its opinion, Legg Mason
assumed that the special committee will elect to reduce the
number of shares issued in the private placement to the minimum
number that they are required to issue under the common stock
purchase agreement, or, if higher, to the minimum number
required to meet the minimum share issuance requirement in the
merger agreement.

Because a portion of the shares to be issued in
the private placement may be issued in subsequent closings, Legg
Mason discounted the projected proceeds from the subsequent
closings to determine their present value at the date of the
initial closing. In discounting these proceeds, Legg Mason
utilized the treasury yield using 8- and 14-month time periods
based on its estimate of the time period between the initial
closing of the private placement and the subsequent closings.
For purposes of its opinion, Legg Mason assumed that all
investors will honor their obligations under the common stock
purchase agreement, and thus the risk-free treasury rate was the
correct discount rate.

The following chart summarizes the results of
Legg Masons calculations as to the per share consideration
in the private placement:

Additional

IRT

IRT

New

Shares

Number

Additional

Value

Value

Shareholder

Shareholder

Equity One

Needed to

of Shares

Number of

of Shares

of Shares

Weighted

Stock

Stock

Shares

Reach 22.3

Issued to

Shares

Adjusted

Issued at

Issued at

Average

Election

Election

Issued to

Share

Investors at

Issued to

Purchase

8-month

14-month

Purchase

Percentage

Number

Shareholders(1)

Minimum(2)

Closing(3)

Investors(4)

Price(5)

Anniversary(6)

Anniversary(6)

Price(7)

(All amounts in millions except per share and percentage data)

50.0

%

17.10

15.39

6.91

6.91

0.00

$

13.30

$

13.16

$13.05

$

13.30

51.0

%

17.44

15.70

6.60

6.60

0.00

13.33

13.20

13.09

13.33

52.0

%

17.78

16.00

6.30

6.30

0.00

13.37

13.23

13.12

13.36

53.0

%

18.12

16.31

5.99

5.99

0.01

13.40

13.27

13.15

13.38

54.0

%

18.47

16.62

5.68

5.68

0.32

13.44

13.30

13.19

13.41

55.0

%

18.81

16.93

5.37

5.37

0.63

13.47

13.33

13.22

13.43

56.0

%

19.15

17.24

5.06

5.06

0.94

13.50

13.36

13.25

13.45

57.0

%

19.49

17.54

4.76

4.76

1.24

13.50

13.36

13.25

13.44

58.0

%

19.83

17.85

4.45

4.45

1.55

13.50

13.36

13.25

13.43

59.0

%

20.18

18.16

4.14

4.14

1.86

13.50

13.36

13.25

13.42

60.0

%

20.52

18.47

3.83

3.83

2.17

13.50

13.36

13.25

13.41

70.0

%

23.94

21.54

0.76

3.00

3.00

13.50

13.36

13.25

13.38

80.0

%

27.36

24.62

0.00

3.00

3.00

13.50

13.36

13.25

13.38

90.0

%

30.78

27.70

0.00

3.00

3.00

13.50

13.36

13.25

13.38

100.0

%

34.20

30.78

0.00

3.00

3.00

13.50

13.36

13.25

13.38

High:

$

13.45

Mean:

13.39

Median:

13.38

Low:

13.30

(1) 

Equity One shares issued to IRT shareholders in
    the transaction are calculated by applying a 0.9 exchange ratio
    as described in the merger agreement.

(2) 

22.3 million shares is the minimum number of
    new Equity One shares that must be issued in connection with the
    merger.

(3) 

In accordance with the terms of the common stock
    purchase agreement and the merger agreement, Equity One has the
    obligation to issue between 3,000,000 and 6,911,000 shares
    at the initial closing.

(4) 

Legg Mason assumed that if Equity One issues more
    than 16.3 million shares to IRT shareholders, it will issue
    no more than 6 million shares in the private placement.



(5) 

Adjusted purchase price is calculated by
    dividing: (a) the excess of the number of IRT shares being
    exchanged for Equity One common stock over 50% of all of the
    outstanding shares of IRT by (b) 2 million, and
    multiplying the result by $0.20; provided that the adjustment
    amount shall not exceed $0.20.

(6) 

Values are discounted from the adjusted purchase
    price based upon the applicable 8-month or 14-month interpolated
    treasury yield as of October 28, 2002.

(7) 

Weighted average purchase price takes into
    account potential offering expenses up to $121,500 which the
    company must bear if lower than 6,911,000 shares are issued
    to the investors as further described in the common stock
    purchase agreement.

Minimum Price. The investors in the private
placement have the right to not close the transaction if, on the
fourth business day before the special meeting with respect to
the merger, the 30-day weighted average trading price of Equity
Ones common stock is less than $12.06 and the three-day
weighted average trading price of Equity Ones common stock
is less than $11.00. For the purposes of its opinion and without
giving any opinion as to the future trading price of Equity
Ones common stock, Legg Mason assumed that this closing
condition and all other closing conditions would be met.

Potential Dilution. As discussed above, the
common stock purchase agreement may require that Equity One
issue more shares in the private placement than are required to
fund the merger consideration. In that event, the proceeds of
the issuance of the additional shares will be used for general
corporate purposes. Legg Mason noted that, depending upon the
use of proceeds, the issuance of the additional shares may
result in dilution to Equity Ones earnings per share. Legg
Mason expressed no opinion on the effect that the use of such
proceeds may have on the fairness to Equity One of the
consideration to be received in the private placement.

Value of Equity Ones Common Stock. To
determine the value of Equity Ones common stock, Legg
Mason analyzed two factors: (a) last trade in the public
equity market and (b) historical price of Equity Ones
common stock on a one-month, three-month and six-month basis. In
addition, Legg Mason reviewed the market valuation of Equity One
and selected peers. Based on this information, and for purposes
of its opinion, Legg Mason assumed that the stock price on the
date of its opinion is an accurate reflection of the value of
Equity One, and Legg Mason used this stock price as the basis
for all of its analyses.

Marketed Follow-On Public Offering
Analysis.
 Legg Mason has identified 52
real estate investment trust marketed follow-on public offerings
since January 1, 2001. Legg Mason reviewed these offerings
to determine the proceeds to the issuer, net of gross spread and
discounts to market price. Legg Mason then applied these
discounts to Equity Ones common stock price to determine a
theoretical offering price.

The following table summarized the results of
this analysis:

Historical

Historical

Historical

Discount to

Underwriters

Total

Implied

Last Sale

Discount(1)

Discount

Valuation(2)

High

(0.66

)%

0.00

%

3.54

%

$

13.11

Mean

0.66

5.01

5.66

12.82

Median

0.00

5.12

5.22

12.88

Low

4.71

6.00

9.96

12.24

(1) 

The high and low categories in the columns
    representing the Historical Discount to Last Sale, Historical
    Underwriters Discount and Historical Total Discount are
    independent categories representing the applicable highs and
    lows within the sample group. The Historical Total Discount is
    not the sum of the Historical Discount to Last Sale and
    Historical Underwriters Discount columns.

(2) 

Implied Valuation is calculated by reducing the
    closing price on October 28, 2002 of $13.59 by the Historical
    Total Discount.

Gross Spread. The typical follow-on offering has
a gross spread which includes the selling
concession, underwriters fee and management fee of
approximately 5%. In Equity Ones follow-on offering
executed in March 2002, it paid a gross spread of 5.25%.

Discount to Market. The typical REIT follow-on
offering has a 0% to 5% discount to market. In Equity Ones
follow-on offering completed in March 2002, the stock was priced
at a discount to the last trade of 4.68%.



Total Discount. If a company were able to execute
a marketed follow-on offering in todays market, the net
price per share would likely be a minimum of 5% and could be as
much as 10% below the then most recent publicly traded price.

Uncertainty. If Equity One were to complete a
marketed follow-on offering, the process of preparing the
prospectus supplement, marketing the offering and executing the
transaction might take anywhere from a few weeks to several
months. During this time, the price of Equity Ones common
stock would be subject to market forces that would make the
gross proceeds to Equity One of such an offering uncertain. In
addition, weakness in the broader equity markets may restrict
Equity Ones ability to complete a public equity offering
which could place Equity One at risk with respect to its
potential need to raise equity for the merger.

Spot Offering
Analysis.
 A spot offering or
bought deal is one in which an investment bank
commits to purchase a companys stock without any
road show or other extended marketing process. The
investment bank then re-sells the shares in a registered public
offering. These deals have been completed in overnight
transactions in which the investment bank markets a transaction
to institutional, and to a lesser extent retail, investors after
the transaction has priced. The spot offering concept is a
relatively recent phenomenon in the REIT industry and typically
is most cost effective for larger REITs with substantial
institutional ownership. Legg Mason has identified 20 such spot
offerings since January 1, 2001. Legg Mason reviewed these
offerings to determine the proceeds to the issuer, net of gross
spread and discounts to market price. Legg Mason then applied
these discounts to Equity Ones common stock price to
determine a theoretical offering price.

The following table summarized the results of
this analysis:

Historical

Historical

Historical

Discount to

Underwriters

Total

Implied

Last Sale

Discount(1)

Discount

Valuation(2)

High

0.17

%

0.00

%

0.56

%

$

13.51_

Mean

3.20

1.40

4.59

12.97

Median

3.36

1.19

5.03

12.91

Low

7.26

4.50

10.52

12.16

(1) 

The high and low categories in the columns
    representing the Historical Discount to Last Sale, Historical
    Underwriters Discount and Historical Total Discount are
    independent categories representing the applicable highs and
    lows within the sample group. The Historical Total Discount is
    not the sum of the Historical Discount to Last Sale and
    Historical Underwriters Discount columns.

(2) 

Implied Valuation is calculated by reducing the
    closing price on October 28, 2002 of $13.59 by the Historical
    Total Discount.

Gross Spread. The gross spread for a REIT spot
offering has historically been between approximately 0% and 4.5%
with an average of 1.4%.

Discount to Market. The discount to market for a
REIT spot offering has historically been between approximately
1% and 7% with an average discount of 3.2%.

Total Discount. The average total discount for a
spot offering in the REIT industry is approximately 5% from the
most recent publicly traded price. However, due to Equity
Ones size, lack of float and limited institutional
ownership, Equity One would likely have to pay a greater
discount than the average.

Uncertainty. Because of the lack of a marketing
period and the uncertain timing for when an investment bank
could underwrite a spot offering, Equity One would not know
exactly what the gross proceeds from such an offering would be
to Equity One until immediately prior to the execution of this
transaction. As with the marketed follow-on offering, selecting
this strategy for execution after announcement of the merger
would create uncertainty and risk to Equity One.

Private Placement Offering
Analysis.
 A private placement is a
sale of securities to one or more investors in a private
offering. The securities are subject to restrictions on transfer
by the investors. Equity One has executed other private
placements of its common stock in its history with some or all
of the investors in the private placement.

Because of the difficulty of obtaining a deep
pool of reliable data on private placements in the REIT
industry, Legg Mason researched a pool of transactions across a
wide range of industries for which reliable



data were available. Legg Mason identified 275
such private placements since January 1, 2001. Legg Mason
reviewed these offerings to determine the proceeds to the
issuer, net of gross spread and discounts to market price. Legg
Mason then applied these discounts to Equity Ones common
stock price to determine a theoretical offering price.

The following table summarized the results of
this analysis:

Historical

Historical

Historical

Discount to

Placement

Total

Selected

Implied

Last Sale(1)(2)

Fee(2)(3)

Discount(2)

Discount(4)

Valuation(5)

High

(40.35

)%

0.60

%

(28.24

)%

9.04

%

$

12.36

Mean

10.87

6.61

17.48

17.48

11.21

Median

10.87

6.19

18.09

18.09

11.13

Low

50.38

26.00

57.38

27.13

9.90

(1) 

There are several private placements in the data
    set in which the price paid for stock in a private placement is
    at a premium to the then most recent price. This occurs mostly
    in those companies whose stock price is trading below $5 per
    share and, in many instances, below $2 per share.

(2) 

Historical data excludes one transaction where
    the offering premium was unusually large.

(3) 

The high and low categories in the columns
    representing the Historical Discount to Last Sale, Historical
    Placement Fee and Historical Total Discount are independent
    categories representing the applicable highs and lows within the
    sample group. The Historical Total Discount is not the sum of
    the Historical Discount to Last Sale and Historical Placement
    Fee columns.

(4) 

The high and low values in the Selected Discount
    section are calculated by multiplying the mean by 150% and 50%
    respectively.

(5) 

Implied Valuation is calculated by reducing the
    closing price on October 28, 2002 of $13.59 by the Selected
    Discount.

Discount to Market. The typical discount to
market in a private placement transaction averages approximately
10.9% from the most recent publicly traded price at the time of
execution.

Placement Fee. The typical placement fee in a
private placement transaction averages approximately 6.6% of the
total amount of private equity raised.

Total Discount. Based on the foregoing, the
average discount to market in a typical private placement
transaction is 17.5% from the most recent publicly traded price
at the time of execution.

Uncertainty. Private placements of
publicly-traded securities to unrelated parties are uncommon in
the REIT industry, and the viability of this alternative is
uncertain. Because of this uncertainty and because of the lack
of reliable data, Legg Mason de-emphasized the results of this
analysis.

Selection and Engagement of Legg
Mason.
 The board of directors of
Equity One authorized the special committee to engage a
financial advisor to issue a fairness opinion with respect to
the private placement. The special committee solicited proposals
from several investment banking firms. After careful
consideration, the special committee elected to engage Legg
Mason based on a number of factors including the firms
experience in the REIT industry, its knowledge of Equity One,
the fact that it was not otherwise involved in the merger
transaction as well as the competitive terms of its fee
proposal. As part of its investment banking business, Legg Mason
is continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of securities,
private placements and other purposes.

Equity One has agreed to pay Legg Mason customary
fees for its financial advisory services in connection with the
private placement. In addition, Equity One agreed to reimburse
certain out of pocket expenses of Legg Mason in connection with
its engagement and the delivery of its opinion.

     Vote
Required

An affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the votes cast at the Equity One special meeting with respect
to the issuance of shares of Equity One common stock in the
private placement is required under the New York Stock Exchange
rules, provided that the total votes cast represents over 50% in
interest of all securities entitled to vote.



     Recommendation
of the Equity One Board

The special committee has unanimously approved
the common stock purchase agreement and the private placement
and the Equity One board recommends that the Equity One
stockholders vote FOR the approval of the issuance
of the shares of Equity One common stock in the private
placement.

Proposal III  Election of
Mr. Patrick L. Flinn as a Class A
Director

You will be asked to elect Mr. Patrick L.
Flinn to serve as a Class A director of the Equity One
board to hold office until the 2005 annual meeting of
stockholders and until his successor is duly elected and
qualifies. Pursuant to the merger agreement, Equity One is
obligated to nominate Mr. Flinn for election to the Equity
One board and to hold a meeting to allow stockholders to vote on
the election of Mr. Flinn as a Class A director.
However, because the election of Mr. Flinn is not a
condition to completion of the merger, if the stockholders of
Equity One fail to elect Mr. Flinn, the completion of the
merger will not be affected.

Equity Ones board of directors is divided
into three classes: Class A, Class B and Class C.
Each director serves for a term ending at the third annual
meeting of the stockholders following the annual meeting at
which he or she was elected, except that any director appointed
by the board of directors serves until the next annual meeting
of stockholders. Each director serves until his or her successor
is elected and qualifies or until his or her earlier death,
resignation or removal.

     Nominee for
Director

Patrick L. Flinn 
has
been a director of IRT since 1997. Mr. Flinn is currently
occupied as a private investor and also serves as a director of
Theragenics Corporation, a medical device company (NYSE:TGX). He
retired from BankSouth Corporation after serving as its Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer from August 1991 to January 1996.

     Vote
Required

The election of Mr. Flinn as a Class A
director of the Equity One board must be approved by a plurality
of the votes cast by the shares of common stock represented in
person or by proxy at the special meeting.

     Recommendation
of the Equity One Board

The Equity One board recommends that Equity
One stockholders vote FOR the election of
Mr. Flinn as a Class A director of the Equity One
board.



THE IRT SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place of the IRT Special
Meeting

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being
delivered to shareholders of IRT in connection with the
solicitation by its board of directors of proxies to be voted at
a special meeting to be held on Wednesday, February 12,
2003 at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time, at the Cobb Galleria
Centre, Two Galleria Parkway, Room 113, Atlanta, Georgia
30339. This joint proxy statement/prospectus and the
accompanying proxy card are first being mailed to IRT
shareholders on or about December 31, 2002.

Purpose of the IRT Special Meeting; the
Merger

At the special meeting, you will be asked to
approve the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of
October 28, 2002, a copy of which is attached to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex A
, and the
merger of IRT with and into Equity One.

We know of no business to be brought before the
special meeting other than the approval of the merger agreement
and the merger. If any other business should properly come
before the special meeting, the persons named in the proxy will
vote on those matters in their discretion.

Recommendation of the IRT Board

The board of directors of IRT has unanimously
approved the merger agreement and the merger, and unanimously
recommends that the shareholders of IRT vote FOR the
merger agreement and the merger.

Record Date and Quorum Requirement

The board of directors has fixed the close of
business on December 30, 2002 as the record date for the
determination of shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote
at, the special meeting. Each holder of record of IRT common
stock at the close of business on the record date is entitled to
one vote for each share then held on each matter submitted to a
vote of shareholders. As of December 23, 2002, there were
approximately 2,200 holders of record of IRTs common stock
and approximately 14,000 beneficial owners.

Prior to the special meeting, IRT will select one
or more inspectors of election for the meeting. Such inspectors
shall determine the number of shares of common stock represented
at the meeting, the existence of a quorum and the validity and
effect of proxies, and shall receive, count and tabulate ballots
and votes and determine the results thereof.

The holders of majority of the outstanding shares
entitled to vote at the special meeting must be present in
person or represented by proxy to constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business at the special meeting. Abstentions and
shares referred to as broker or nominee non-votes
that are represented at the special meeting (shares held by
brokers or nominees as to which instructions have not been
received from the beneficial owners or other persons entitled to
vote and the broker or nominee does not have discretionary
voting power on a particular matter) are counted for purposes of
determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the
transaction of business. If less than a majority of outstanding
shares of common stock is represented at the special meeting,
holders of a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn
the meeting to another date, time or place, and notice need not
be given of the new date or time.

Voting Procedures; Required Vote

Under the Georgia Business Corporation Code and
as required by the bylaws of IRT, the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
common stock of IRT entitled to vote at the special meeting is
required to approve the merger agreement and the merger.

As of December 23, 2002, the directors,
executive officers and their affiliates beneficially owned a
total of approximately 1.3 million shares of IRT common
stock, including stock options currently exercisable or
exercisable within 60 days, representing approximately 3.7%
of the outstanding shares of IRT common stock



entitled to vote at the IRT special meeting.
These individuals and E. Stanley Kroenke, who beneficially
owns approximately 6% of the outstanding shares of IRT common
stock, have entered into voting agreements pursuant to which
they have agreed to vote in favor of the merger, as described
below.

After carefully reading and considering the
information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
please complete and sign your proxy and return it in the
enclosed return envelope as soon as possible, so that your
shares may be represented at the special meeting. You may also
call the toll-free number printed on your proxy card and vote by
telephone or on the Internet as instructed on your proxy card.
If you sign and send in your proxy and do not indicate how you
want to vote, we will count your proxy as a vote in favor of the
merger. Brokers and, in many cases, nominees will not have
discretionary power to vote on the proposal to be presented at
the special meeting. Failures to vote, votes to abstain and
broker or nominee non-votes will have the same legal effect as
votes cast against approval. Accordingly, beneficial owners of
shares should instruct their brokers or nominees how to vote.

Voting Agreements

The following shareholders have entered into
voting agreements with Equity One agreeing to vote all shares of
IRT common stock beneficially owned by each of them in favor of
the merger agreement and the merger: E. Thornton Anderson,
Thomas DArcy, Patrick L. Flinn, Homer B.
Gibbs, Jr., W. Benjamin Jones, III,
Samuel W. Kendrick, E. Stanley Kroenke, James G.
Levy, Thomas H. McAuley, Robert E. Mitzel and
Bruce A. Morrice.

In addition, each of those shareholders has
agreed to vote:

 

against any action, proposal, agreement,
    transaction or matter that, if taken, executed or consummated by
    IRT, would result in a breach of any covenant, obligation,
    agreement, representation or warranty of IRT contained in the
    merger agreement; and

 

against any action, proposal, agreement or
    transaction, including any competing acquisition proposal, that,
    if taken, executed or consummated by IRT, could result in any of
    the conditions to Equity Ones obligations under the merger
    agreement not being fulfilled or that is intended, or could
    reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere or be inconsistent
    with, delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect the
    completion of the merger or the transactions contemplated by the
    merger agreement.

As of December 23, 2002, these persons hold
of record a total of approximately 2.6 million shares of
IRT common stock, representing approximately 8% of the
outstanding shares of IRT common stock entitled to vote at the
IRT special meeting.

In the event that any shareholder of IRT who
executed a voting agreement fails to satisfy his obligations to
vote in favor of the merger and against any action that would be
taken in opposition to or in competition with the merger, the
other shareholders are not released from their voting
agreements, and their obligations to vote in favor of the merger
will continue.

In addition, Mr. Kroenke, who beneficially
owns approximately 6% of the outstanding shares of IRT common
stock, can terminate his voting agreement if the IRT board
withdraws or modifies its recommendation of the merger.

Revocation of Proxies

The giving of a proxy does not preclude the right
to vote in person should any shareholder giving the proxy so
desire. Shareholders have an unconditional right to revoke their
proxies at any time prior to the exercise thereof, either in
person at the special meeting or by filing with IRTs
secretary at its headquarters a written revocation or duly
executed proxy bearing a later date; however, no such revocation
will be effective until written notice of the revocation is
received by IRT at or prior to the special meeting. Subject to
such revocation, all shares represented by each properly
executed proxy received by IRTs secretary will be voted in
accordance with the instructions indicated thereon, and if no
instructions are indicated, will be voted to approve the merger
agreement and the merger, and in such manner as the persons
named on the enclosed



proxy card in their discretion determine upon
such other business as may properly come before the special
meeting.

Cost of this Proxy Solicitation

All expenses incurred in connection with
solicitation of the enclosed proxy of IRT shareholders will be
paid by IRT. IRTs officers, directors and regular
employees, who will receive no additional compensation for their
services, may solicit proxies by telephone or personal call. IRT
may request banks, brokers and other custodians, nominees and
fiduciaries to forward copies of the proxy material to their
principals and to request authority for the execution of
proxies. IRT and may reimburse such persons for their expenses
in doing so.

In addition, IRT has retained Georgeson
Shareholder Communications to help with the solicitation of
proxies. IRT will pay Georgeson a fee expected to be
approximately $12,000 and will reimburse Georgeson for
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the rendering
of those services.

List of IRT Shareholders

A list of IRT shareholders entitled to vote at
the IRT special meeting will be available at the special meeting
and for ten days before the meeting between the hours of 9:00
a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, at IRTs corporate
offices located at 200 Galleria Parkway, Suite 1400,
Atlanta, Georgia, 30339.



THE MERGER

This section of the joint proxy
statement/prospectus describes material aspects of the proposed
merger. While we believe that the description covers the
material terms of the merger, this summary may not contain all
of the information that is important to you. You should read
this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other
documents we refer to carefully for a more complete
understanding of the merger.

Structure of the Merger

The merger will involve the merger of IRT with
and into Equity One. Equity One will be the surviving entity of
the merger. The merger is subject to approval of Equity One
stockholders and IRT shareholders and to the satisfaction or
waiver of various conditions set forth in the merger agreement.
Upon completion of the merger, shareholders of IRT will be
entitled to elect to receive either cash or Equity One common
stock or a combination of cash and stock.

Background of the Merger

Beginning in early 2001, IRT began to review
possible strategic alternatives designed to achieve its
long-term growth objectives. These included, among other things,
acquisitions of similar companies or real estate portfolios and
the possible consolidation of IRT with other companies. This
review was prompted by the concern of the IRT board that smaller
shopping center REITs, such as IRT, would continue to have
relatively greater difficulty accessing capital than larger
REITs, which would make it difficult for IRT to grow and compete
effectively with other larger REITs. The IRT board also noted
that larger, more diversified REITs often traded at higher
multiples of FFO than smaller, more concentrated REITs, and that
a merger with another REIT could potentially increase
shareholder value by diversifying IRTs tenant and
geographic base.

In light of this review, IRT invited
representatives of Raymond James & Associates, Inc. to
attend the meeting of IRTs board of directors held on
February 15, 2001. At this meeting, the representatives of
Raymond James described their qualifications to act as the
advisor to IRT with regard to these initiatives. The board also
discussed with the representatives of Raymond James potential
strategic alternatives available to IRT that might yield higher
shareholder value as compared to the continued operation of IRT
on a stand-alone basis.

On March 8, 2001, IRT engaged Raymond James
as its sole, external financial advisor to identify strategic
alternatives to maximize shareholder value.

At a regularly scheduled meeting on April 3,
2001, IRTs board received a presentation from
representatives of Raymond James regarding possible strategic
alternatives. These alternatives included:

 

continuing its operations as a stand-alone
    entity, which could potentially include the acquisition by IRT
    of other similar companies or property portfolios;

 

selling IRT to a strategic buyer;

 

merging with a REIT of relatively equal size; or

 

engaging in a going-private transaction.

From this time until IRT executed the merger
agreement with Equity One on October 28, 2002, informal
discussions between IRTs management, IRTs board and
representatives of Raymond James concerning IRTs strategic
alternatives continued. IRT continued to consider the
possibility of acquiring other real estate companies or
portfolios or merging with other entities. IRTs management
continued to consider the difficulties IRT might face in meeting
its long-term growth objectives given the projected size of IRT
and its relatively concentrated tenant and geographic base.

During this time, IRT engaged in discussions with
a number of third parties about possible strategic transactions
involving IRT, including Equity One. During much of this period,
these discussions and negotiations occurred simultaneously. We
have separately summarized each of these possible strategic
transactions below.



Proposed Going Private Transaction with a
Significant Individual Investor.
 On
February 15, 2001, a significant individual investor
expressed its initial interest in acquiring IRT in a
going-private transaction upon unspecified terms. At this time,
IRTs common stock had been trading at approximately $9.00
per share, which IRTs management did not believe reflected
the underlying value of IRTs assets. IRTs management
informed this individual investor that IRT would not be willing
to entertain an acquisition proposal for less than $11.00 per
share, which at that time was, in IRTs managements
judgment, an appropriate premium based on IRTs
managements then-current estimate of IRTs per share
net asset value. The investor ultimately decided not to make an
offer to acquire IRT.

IRTs Proposed Acquisition of Company
A.
 In May 2001, IRT initiated
discussions with a publicly-traded shopping center REIT, which
we refer to as company A. Company A had engaged a
financial advisor to assist company A with its strategic
alternatives.

On April 2, 2001, IRTs management met
with company As management in New York to discuss a
possible business combination involving their two companies.
Because of IRTs underlying concerns about company As
unknown liabilities and the perceived weakness of company
As shopping center assets, IRT discussed with company A
the possibility of acquiring substantially all of company
As assets, rather than an acquisition of company A itself,
which was the transaction structure preferred by company A.

On May 6-7, 2001, Mr. McAuley,
IRTs President and Chief Executive Officer, met with
representatives of company A to inspect company As
properties and to discuss the possibility of IRT acquiring
company A.

Over the course of the next few months, IRT
conducted a due diligence investigation and financial analysis
of company A. In October 2001, after being invited to
participate in the formal auction process to submit proposals to
acquire company A, IRT submitted a written bid to acquire
substantially all of the assets of company A. In November 2001,
due to its ongoing concerns about company A and a perceived lack
of interest in IRTs proposal, IRT withdrew from the
bidding process to acquire company A.

IRTs Proposed Acquisition of Company
B.
 On August 31, 2001, members of
IRTs management and representatives of Raymond James held
a conference call with representatives of another public
shopping center REIT, which we refer to as company
B, to discuss company Bs strategic alternatives.
Company B was soliciting interest from other companies that
company B believed might be interested in making an acquisition
proposal for company B. Company B requested that IRT, if
interested, submit a bid to acquire company B by
January 23, 2002.

On September 24, 2001, IRTs board held
a telephonic meeting during which IRTs management and
representatives of Raymond James discussed with the board the
effect of the September 11th terrorist attacks on the
capital markets and IRTs strategic alternatives generally
and, among other things, the status of IRTs negotiations
with company B. IRTs board authorized management to
continue negotiations and its preliminary analysis with respect
to company B.

Throughout the remainder of 2001, IRTs
management, together with representatives of Raymond James, held
discussions with management of company B regarding a possible
business combination. On January 7, 2002, IRT and company B
executed a mutual confidentiality agreement. During the two
ensuing weeks, IRTs management and representatives of
Raymond James performed due diligence and financial analysis of
company B.

Prior to the January 23, 2002 deadline, IRT
determined that it would not be able to make an offer to acquire
company B on terms that would be acceptable to company B.

In April 2002, after company B had extended its
deadline for receiving acquisition proposals, the financial
advisor to company B contacted IRTs management to inquire
again whether IRT would be interested in submitting a bid to
acquire company B.

On June 6, 2002, IRT met with company B to
resume discussions regarding a possible business combination of
IRT and company B.



From July 1, 2002 through August 12,
2002, IRT, along with representatives of Raymond James,
conducted a due diligence investigation and financial analysis
of company B. During that time, IRT and company B continued to
conduct discussions concerning the combination of their
businesses.

During a telephonic meeting of IRTs board
of directors on August 12, 2002, representatives of Raymond
James presented a financial analysis of the proposed acquisition
of company B. The representatives of Raymond James, among other
things, provided an overview of the potential combination of the
two companies and reviewed a potential range of values for
company B. Subsequently, IRTs board authorized IRTs
management to submit an offer to acquire company B in a
stock-for-stock merger. On that same date, IRTs management
transmitted to company B a written offer to acquire company B.

On August 16, 2002, company Bs
management notified IRT that company Bs board of directors
elected to reject IRTs acquisition proposal and accept the
proposal of another acquiror. Company B indicated to IRT that
the other acquisition proposal represented the best long-term
and strategic value for company Bs shareholders.

Proposed Acquisition of IRT by Company
C.
 On September 28, 2001, the
chief executive officer of another publicly-traded shopping
center REIT, which we refer to as company C,
contacted IRTs management to express company Cs
interest in making an offer to acquire IRT. This indication of
interest was subsequently confirmed by company Cs
financial advisor. Company C stated that it tentatively believed
that, subject to due diligence and further analysis, it could
offer between $11 and $12 per share in cash for all of the
shares of IRT common stock.

During the ensuing several weeks, company C
conducted an extensive due diligence investigation and financial
analysis of IRT.

On October 23, 2001, after conducting its
due diligence investigation and financial analysis of IRT,
company C informed IRT that it would not be able to make an
offer to acquire IRT for a per share price within the range of
its initial expression of interest. IRT informed company C that
it would not be interested in receiving any proposal for less
than $12 per share.

On February 19, 2002, management of IRT
contacted the management of company C by telephone and discussed
the fact that IRT was in the process of reviewing its strategic
alternatives and inquired whether company C would be interested
in submitting an offer to acquire IRT. Company C and its
financial advisor each confirmed that company C no longer had an
interest in acquiring IRT.

Proposed Acquisition of IRT by Company
D.
 On June 10, 2002, IRT signed a
letter agreement with a private shopping center REIT, which we
refer to as company D, that provided for a one-month
period of exclusivity during which time IRT could negotiate a
possible acquisition by company D. From June 10, 2002
through June 23, 2002, company D conducted a due diligence
investigation and financial analysis of IRT. Because of company
Ds investment and leveraging criteria which prohibited
company D from acquiring individually encumbered assets, company
D informed IRT that it would not be able to acquire over 30
individually encumbered properties owned by IRT in a transaction
involving company D and IRT. On June 23, 2002, the parties
mutually agreed not to proceed with a potential transaction.

Proposed Acquisition of IRT by Company
E.
 On October 1, 2002, IRT
received an unsolicited letter from another public shopping
center REIT, which we refer to as company E,
expressing an interest in acquiring IRT on unspecified terms.

On October 6, 2002, Mr. McAuley
telephoned the chief executive officer of company E to discuss
the terms and structure of a potential transaction. Company E
orally indicated that it could offer to acquire IRT for up to
$12.75 per share in company E common stock. However, this offer
was conditioned on IRT being able to attain certain specified
levels of future annual net operating income and underwriting
certain capital reserves and company Es stock price
maintaining its then-current trading price. Additionally, the
offer was subject to completion of due diligence and further
financial analysis.

IRTs management, with the assistance of
representatives of Raymond James, determined that the implied
value of company Es expression of interest would be equal
to an offer of approximately $11.00 per



share, after appropriate adjustments for actual
budgeted capital reserves and realistic expectations of future
net operating income (which were below the amounts being assumed
by company E in its financial underwriting model of IRT).
Furthermore, company Es adjusted offer would have implied
a 22% lower relative per share dividend than IRTs current
dividend. In addition, management and certain members of the IRT
board did not feel confident that company E would purchase
certain of IRTs assets, such as small market properties,
that did not fit within company Es investment criteria.

On October 7, 2002, the IRT board met at
IRTs offices in Atlanta to evaluate, among other things,
the expression of interest received from company E. IRTs
management and representatives of Raymond James and Alston &
Bird, IRTs legal counsel, also attended the meeting.
Because the consideration that was implied in company Es
expression of interest was less on a per share basis than the
pending proposal from Equity One and because company E paid
lower relative per share dividends, the board directed
IRTs management to inform company E that IRT had no
interest in pursuing a transaction with company E at that time
based on the offer that was presented.

Potential Acquisition of IRT by Company
F.
 Throughout 2001 and 2002,
Mr. McAuley received various phone calls from the chief
executive officer of another publicly-traded shopping center
REIT, which we refer to as company F. The purpose of
these phone calls was to inquire whether or not IRT would be
willing to accept an acquisition proposal from company F for a
per share price that was less than managements estimate of
IRTs per share net asset value. Because IRT consistently
responded that it was not interested in such an offer, company F
never submitted a formal proposal to acquire IRT.

Negotiations with Equity
One.
 Prior to May 2001,
Mr. McAuley and Mr. Katzman, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Equity One, had met at various industry conferences
and other gatherings during which they had discussed the
possibility of combining the operations of Equity One and IRT.
In April 1999, Equity One and IRT executed a confidentiality
agreement regarding a potential transaction, but no serious
discussions were pursued at that time and the agreement expired
in May 2000.

On May 24, 2001, IRTs management met
with the management of Equity One at the offices of Raymond
James in St. Petersburg, Florida to discuss a potential business
combination of Equity One and IRT. At this meeting, the parties
did not discuss specific terms of any such transaction.

The respective management teams, together with
representatives of Raymond James, met again at the NAREIT
Institutional Investor Conference held in San Francisco,
California during the week of June 4, 2001. The parties
continued discussions of a potential business combination.

Following these discussions, IRT and Equity One
executed a mutual confidentiality agreement on July 9,
2001. Pursuant to the confidentiality agreement, each party
agreed to keep confidential information provided by the other
and to use that information only for purposes of evaluating a
transaction between the two companies. On August 30, 2001,
the parties and their representatives commenced mutual due
diligence which continued over the course of the next several
months.

On September 10, 2001, IRT and Equity One
held a conference call during which the parties discussed a
stock-for-stock merger. IRT tentatively proposed that a merger
be structured as a merger of equals, with IRT being the
surviving corporation, and each outstanding share of Equity One
common stock would be exchanged for approximately 1.10 or 1.11
shares of IRT common stock. No other terms of the transaction
were discussed during this call.

On September 24, 2001, IRTs board held
a telephonic meeting during which management and representatives
of Raymond James discussed with the IRT board the effect of the
September 11th terrorist attacks on the capital markets and
IRTs strategic alternatives generally and, among other
things, the status of IRTs negotiations with Equity One.
IRTs board authorized management to continue negotiations
and due diligence with respect to Equity One.

On October 1, 2001, IRT received a
non-binding term sheet from Equity One proposing a merger
between the two parties whereby each outstanding share of IRT
common stock would be converted into 0.9 shares of Equity One
common stock. The term sheet reflected other initial terms such
as management issues,



ownership limits, corporate governance issues and
a proposed issuance of warrants to stockholders of the combined
company following the merger.

During October 2001, IRT and Equity One continued
to have various discussions concerning the combination of their
businesses, including discussions regarding alternative
transaction structures. The parties discussed, among other
alternatives, a stock-for-stock merger whereby each outstanding
share of Equity One common stock would be converted into 1.1
shares of IRT common stock. The parties also continued to
discuss management and corporate governance issues and
IRTs desire to restrict the purchase of IRT stock and the
stock of the combined company by large, existing Equity One
stockholders following the execution of a definitive agreement
and following the completion of the merger.

On October 18, 2001, representatives of
Raymond James made a presentation to IRTs board of
directors. The purpose of this presentation was to give the
board an update on current market activity as well as provide
the board with an overview of potential valuations for IRT that
the board might expect while pursuing strategic alternatives,
such as the proposed transaction with Equity One.

On October 25, 2001, Greenberg Traurig,
P.A., counsel for Equity One, distributed a revised term sheet
contemplating a stock-for-stock merger with an exchange ratio of
1.111 shares of IRT common stock for each outstanding share of
Equity One common stock, subject to adjustment based on
projected funds from operations of Equity One and IRT.

On November 11, 2001, Equity Ones
management and members of Equity Ones board met with
IRTs board and management in Atlanta, Georgia to express
their continued interest in combining their respective
businesses and discuss the terms under which such a combination
would be completed.

On November 14, 2001, Greenberg Traurig
circulated a draft merger agreement that provided for a
stock-for-stock merger pursuant to which Equity One would become
a wholly owned subsidiary of IRT. In addition, Greenberg Traurig
also circulated proposed bylaws for IRT following the merger.

From November 14, 2001 through
December 20, 2001, the parties continued to negotiate the
terms of the merger agreement and certain ancillary documents,
including the charter and bylaws of the combined company and an
amendment to the IRT shareholder rights plan.

From October 4, 2001 to December 13,
2001, the Equity One board met on four occasions to discuss the
status of the negotiations with IRT and the terms of the
proposed business combination.

During the week of December 17, 2001, Equity
One and IRT continued discussions regarding various items,
including the composition of the board of directors for the
combined company, the existence and composition of committees of
the board of directors, quorum issues and the application of the
Georgia fair price and business combination statutes to the
combined company. Discussions continued between the parties and
their management and financial advisors regarding their
preliminary financial assessments and the impact of those
assessments on the proposed exchange ratio.

On December 21, 2001, negotiations ceased as
a result of disagreements between the parties regarding
valuation issues and the resulting exchange ratio. IRT issued a
letter formally terminating negotiations.

On December 24, 2001, IRT announced its
intention to redeem its 7.3% convertible subordinated debentures
due 2003 effective January 24, 2002.

On January 8, 2002, at Equity Ones
request, representatives of CIBC World Markets Corp., Equity
Ones financial advisor, contacted representatives of
Raymond James to discuss the possibility of resuming
negotiations concerning a potential transaction. The
representatives of Raymond James informed CIBC World Markets
that IRT was unable to initiate further negotiations until the
convertible debentures were redeemed.

On February 12, 2002, IRT received a new
preliminary term sheet from Equity One proposing the acquisition
of IRT by Equity One. Under the terms of the proposed
transaction, IRT shareholders could elect to receive either
$11.50 in cash or 0.83 shares of Equity One common stock for
each outstanding share of IRT



common stock, or a combination of cash and stock,
subject to the limitation that not more than 50% of IRTs
shareholders could elect cash as consideration for their shares.

As a result of further negotiations, on
February 19, 2002, Equity One delivered a revised term
sheet that increased the cash component of its prior proposal to
$11.75 per share and permitted the exchange ratio to float
between 0.83 and 0.85 shares of Equity One common stock. The
determination of the exchange ratio at the time of signing a
definitive agreement would be based on the 30-day trailing
average of Equity Ones common stock price, but would not
fall outside the proposed range. In addition, Equity One offered
to initially declare and pay a quarterly dividend of at least
$0.285 per share following the acquisition (for an annual rate
of $1.14 per share) so that the IRT shareholders who elected to
receive Equity One common stock would realize an increase of 2%
over the per share dividend paid by IRT. In addition, the term
sheet proposed that IRT would be required to pay Equity One a
$20 million break-up fee if the merger agreement were
terminated under certain conditions.

During a telephonic meeting on February 22,
2002, IRTs board instructed management to communicate to
Equity One its interest in pursuing a merger as outlined in the
February 19, 2002 term sheet provided that Equity One
confirm that it had the requisite financing to complete the
merger. Subsequent to the IRT board meeting, representatives of
Raymond James discussed with representatives of CIBC World
Markets these requirements as well as IRTs other
conditions, including its review of Equity Ones audited
financial statements, financing commitments and ownership
structure. Given these conditions, IRT anticipated signing a
definitive agreement by March 14, 2002. After further
review, Equity Ones management determined that IRTs
proposed timeframe was too lengthy and could jeopardize Equity
Ones ability to raise capital through a public equity
offering which Equity One was then contemplating. The companies
again decided to terminate negotiations.

On March 27, 2002, Equity One completed the
sale of 3.45 million shares of common stock at $13.25 per
share, raising gross proceeds of $45.7 million.

On May 15, 2002, IRT completed the sale of
3.45 million shares of common stock at $11.79 per share,
raising gross proceeds of $40.7 million.

On May 22, 2002, at Equity Ones
request, representatives of CIBC World Markets met with
Mr. McAuley at the ICSC convention in Las Vegas, Nevada to
discuss the possibility of initiating new acquisition
discussions. It was determined that the companies and their
financial advisors would meet at the NAREIT conference in New
York on June 4, 2002.

On June 4, 2002, the management teams of IRT
and Equity One, together with IRTs and Equity Ones
financial advisors, met to discuss Equity Ones interest in
acquiring IRT for $12.25 per share in a combination of cash and
Equity One common stock. IRTs management team expressed a
reluctance to receive a price of less than $12.50 per share. No
agreement was reached at this meeting.

On August 18, 2002, Mr. Katzman and
Mr. McAuley met in Orlando, Florida at an ICSC convention.
They discussed a proposed merger whereby shareholders of IRT
could elect cash or Equity One stock in exchange for their
shares of IRT common stock. They also discussed whether the
stock component would be determined by a fixed exchange ratio or
a floating rate based on changes in relative stock prices. No
agreement was reached in this regard.

On August 19, 2002, IRT received a new term
sheet from Equity One pursuant to which Equity One proposed to
acquire IRT. Under the terms of the newly proposed transaction,
IRT shareholders could elect to receive either $12.25 in cash or
0.9 shares of Equity One common stock for each outstanding share
of IRT common stock, or a combination of both, subject to a 60%
cap on the number of IRT shares that would be exchanged for
cash. In addition, the term sheet proposed that IRT would be
required to pay Equity One a $15 million break-up fee in
the event the merger agreement were terminated under certain
conditions.

On August 23, 2002, a draft merger agreement
was circulated among IRT and Equity One and their respective
legal and financial advisors.



On August 28, 2002, a conference call with
management of Equity One and IRT and Equity Ones and
IRTs respective legal and financial advisors was held to
discuss the proposed transaction, timing and other open items.
Following this call, management of IRT and Equity One discussed
a proposal by IRT for a floating exchange ratio, based upon
prevailing market prices. Equity One did not agree to this
proposal.

On September 5, 2002, the management teams
of IRT and Equity One, together with IRTs and Equity
Ones financial advisors, met at the offices of Raymond
James in St. Petersburg, Florida to discuss the commitment of
the parties to the transaction, as well as the exchange ratio
and the mechanism by which it would be determined and other open
items. Equity One confirmed its requirement that the exchange
ratio be fixed and not be subject to changes resulting from any
stock price fluctuations of either company prior to the
execution of the definitive agreement or the closing of the
transaction. At this meeting, a tentative agreement was reached
as to a proposed fixed exchange ratio of 0.9 shares of Equity
One common stock for each outstanding share of IRT common stock.

On September 10, 2002, the respective
management teams of IRT and Equity One met at IRTs offices
in Atlanta to further discuss the potential transaction. At this
meeting, IRT indicated that it would be willing to consider the
August 19, 2002 proposal by Equity One so long as Equity
One agreed to finance a portion of the cash consideration
through the public or private sale of Equity One common stock.

On September 18, 2002, the management teams
of IRT and Equity One, together with IRTs and Equity
Ones legal and financial advisors, met at the offices of
Greenberg Traurig in Miami, Florida. The primary purpose of the
meeting was to discuss the draft merger agreement and related
voting agreements, including potential stock price floors below
which the Equity One stockholders could terminate the voting
agreements and the IRT board could withdraw or modify its
recommendation of the merger. In addition, the parties reviewed
due diligence issues and Equity Ones equity offering,
which the parties tentatively agreed would be a condition to
IRTs obligation to complete the merger. IRT requested that
Equity One receive binding commitments for the equity financing
of the cash merger consideration prior to its execution of the
definitive merger agreement.

On September 20, 2002, Equity One conducted
a telephonic meeting of its board and management team to discuss
the business terms of the proposed transaction, including the
price of the cash consideration, the proposed exchange ratio for
stock electing shareholders, the proposed timing of the merger,
the amount of the break-up fee payable to Equity One by IRT in
certain circumstances upon termination of the merger agreement
and the proposed price floors on Equity Ones and
IRTs stock price. In addition, the Equity One board
discussed possible alternatives for Equity Ones equity
offering, including a private placement with several affiliates
of Equity One. As a result of possible conflicts of interests,
the Equity One board appointed a special committee of
independent directors to consider various equity financing
alternatives that would satisfy IRTs requirement. See the
section entitled The Equity One Special
Meeting  Proposal II  Approval of the
Issuance of Equity One Common Stock in the Private
Placement for a discussion of the special committees
approval of the private placement and the positive and negative
factors that the special committee considered in making its
determination.

On September 25, 2002, IRTs board of
directors met to discuss the terms of the proposed acquisition
by Equity One. This meeting was also attended by IRTs
management and legal and financial advisors.

During September and October, representatives of
IRT and Equity One and their respective legal, financial and
accounting advisors continued their due diligence review. Data
rooms were established by both parties to facilitate that review
and a number of conference calls took place to discuss
environmental, tax and other corporate matters.

Also during that time, members of management of
Equity One and IRT, together with Equity Ones and
IRTs legal and financial advisors, continued to negotiate
the legal and financial terms of the merger agreement and the
related voting agreements. The principal issues discussed during
these negotiations were, among other things, the
representations, warranties and covenants made by each of IRT
and Equity One, the covenants of IRT and Equity One regarding
the conduct of their businesses during the period between
signing the merger agreement and the effective time of the
merger, the circumstances under which IRT should be



required to pay a break-up fee, the circumstances
under which a party had the right to terminate the merger
agreement and the ability of the IRT board to withdraw its
recommendation of the merger upon changes in Equity Ones
common stock price. The parties also discussed which of the
shareholders of IRT and which stockholders of Equity One would
be required to sign the voting agreements and the circumstances,
if any, that the voting agreements could be terminated.

At its October 7, 2002 meeting, the IRT
board reviewed the terms of the proposed merger with Equity One,
including the draft merger agreement and voting agreements.
Representatives of Raymond James and Alston & Bird were also
present during this meeting. Representatives of Alston &
Bird advised the board on its fiduciary duties in connection
with the merger. The IRT board then instructed its management to
communicate to Equity One its continuing interest in pursuing a
merger according to the terms of the August 19, 2002
preliminary term sheet.

On October 8, 2002, the Equity One board
held a meeting in which Equity Ones management and legal
and financial advisors participated. At this meeting the board,
among other things, reviewed with CIBC World Markets a pro forma
overview of the combined company. Also at this meeting, there
were significant discussions regarding the current volatility of
the stock market, including the market for REIT stocks, and
recent merger and acquisition activity of comparable companies.
It was noted that the stock prices for both IRT and Equity One
had fallen below those contemplated by the then-current terms of
the draft merger agreement. Following this discussion, the board
recommended that Equity One analyze the effect of this market
volatility on the negotiations with IRT as well as Equity
Ones other strategic alternatives.

On October 22, 2002, primarily as a result
of the changes in market conditions, Equity One revised the
terms of its offer to acquire IRT. At this time, Equity One
offered to pay either $11.925 in cash or 0.9 shares of Equity
One common stock for each outstanding share of IRT common stock,
subject to a 50% cap on cash elections. Equity One also offered
to increase its initial quarterly dividend paid following the
merger to $0.28 per share. On that same date, Greenberg Traurig
circulated a draft of the merger agreement containing the new
terms proposed by Equity One.

On October 23, 2002, after several
discussions between the parties management and their
financial advisors, Equity One increased the per share cash
component of its offer to $12.00 and withdrew the proposal to
increase its quarterly dividend to $0.28 per share.

On that same date, the IRT board held a
telephonic meeting to review the revised terms of the proposed
transaction with Equity One. IRTs management and
representatives of Raymond James and Alston & Bird also
participated in the meeting. In light of the reduced cash
consideration being offered by Equity One, the board authorized
management to communicate to Equity One its interest in pursuing
a merger provided that Equity One increase the proposed per
share price to $12.25 for the cash portion of the consideration.
After the telephonic meeting, representatives of Raymond James
informed representatives of CIBC World Markets of the results of
the meeting and a conference call was arranged between
Mr. Katzman and Mr. McAuley for the next morning.

On October 24, 2002, Mr. Katzman and
Mr. McAuley discussed the $12.25 proposal by the IRT board
and Mr. Katzman informed Mr. McAuley that Equity One
would increase its offer for the cash consideration to $12.125
per share.

On October 25, 2002, the Equity One board
held a telephonic meeting to discuss the new terms of the merger
and the proposed timing. On the same date, following a
conversation between Mr. McAuley and Mr. Katzman,
Equity One increased the per share cash component of its offer
to $12.15 per share.

On October 28, 2002, the IRT board held a
special meeting in Atlanta, Georgia at the offices of
Alston & Bird to consider the merger with Equity One.
Representatives of IRTs management, Raymond James and
Alston & Bird were present. At the meeting, the board
received a report from the representatives of Alston & Bird
on the results of IRTs due diligence review of Equity One.
The due diligence matters discussed included, among other
things, the REIT tax qualification of Equity One, the
concentrated stock ownership of Equity One and related stock
pledges, the environmental condition of Equity Ones
properties and the potential need for Equity One to obtain
consents from various lenders in connection with the proposed
merger and prior



transactions completed by Equity One. The
representatives of Alston & Bird also made a presentation to
the IRT board in which they explained the material terms of the
merger agreement and voting agreements and again advised the
board on its fiduciary duties in connection with the merger. At
that meeting, representatives of Raymond James also presented to
the IRT board its financial analysis of the proposed merger.
Raymond James concluded its presentation by delivering to the
IRT board its oral opinion, confirmed in writing, to the effect
that, as of October 28, 2002, and based upon and subject to
the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth in the
opinion, the merger consideration was fair, from a financial
point of view, to IRT and its shareholders.

During and after these presentations, the IRT
board engaged in extensive discussions of the advantages and
disadvantages of the proposed merger, as described under
 IRTs Reasons for the Merger. In
addition, during the meeting, the independent directors
continued these discussions in executive session without
IRTs management or representatives of Raymond James
present. Following such presentations and discussions, the IRT
board concluded that the proposed merger was in the best
interests of IRT and its shareholders, and by a unanimous vote
of the directors, approved the merger, the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Also on October 28, 2002, the Equity One
board conducted a telephonic meeting to evaluate and approve the
merger. At that meeting, the board received a report from the
representatives of the special committee that Legg Mason had
delivered an opinion to that committee as to the fairness of the
consideration to be received by Equity One in the private
placement. In addition, the representatives of the special
committee reported that the committee had approved the private
placement and delivered its recommendation that the Equity One
board recommend the private placement to Equity Ones
stockholders. Following a discussion of the terms of the private
placement and based on the recommendation of the special
committee, the Equity One board, with Messrs. Katzman,
Segal and Hetz abstaining, resolved to recommend to the Equity
One stockholders that they approve the issuance of the Equity
One common stock in connection with the private placement.

Also at this meeting, representatives of
Greenberg Traurig discussed with the Equity One board its
fiduciary duties and material aspects of the merger and the
related transactions. In addition, CIBC World Markets reviewed
with the board its financial analysis of the merger
consideration and delivered to the Equity One board its opinion
to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based on
and subject to the matters described in its opinion, the merger
consideration was fair, from a financial point of view, to
Equity One. The board then engaged in extensive discussions
regarding certain positive and negative factors of the merger, a
summary of which are described below in the section entitled
 Equity Ones Reasons for the
Merger. At the conclusion of this discussion, the board
concluded that the merger was advisable to, and in the best
interests of, Equity One and its stockholders, and by a
unanimous vote of the board approved the merger, the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement and resolved to recommend the merger to the Equity One
stockholders.

Following the special meetings on
October 28, 2002, the merger agreement was finalized and
executed by IRT and Equity One. All of the executive officers
and directors of IRT and E. Stanley Kroenke, who
beneficially owns approximately 6% of IRTs outstanding
common stock, executed a voting agreement pursuant to which they
agreed to vote their shares of IRT common stock in favor of the
merger. All of the executive officers, directors and affiliates
of Equity One, together beneficially owning approximately 76% of
Equity Ones outstanding common stock, also executed a
voting agreement pursuant to which they agreed to vote their
shares of Equity One common stock in favor of the merger.

On the morning of October 29, 2002, Equity
One and IRT announced the signing of the definitive merger
agreement through a joint press release and held a joint
conference call to discuss the proposed merger.

Equity Ones Reasons for the
Merger

The Equity One board of directors has approved
and adopted the merger agreement and the merger and recommends
approval of the merger agreement and the merger by the Equity
One stockholders. The Equity One board of directors consulted
with Equity Ones management and legal and financial
advisors throughout



its consideration of the merger agreement and the
merger. The Equity One board believes that the terms of the
merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, including the issuance of
the Equity One common stock in the merger and the private
placement and the nomination of Mr. Patrick L. Flinn
to the Equity One board, are advisable and fair to, and in the
best interests of, Equity One and its stockholders.

Positive Factors Considered by the Equity
    One Board

In making its determinations, the Equity One
board of directors considered a number of factors, including the
following positive factors, in its deliberations concerning the
merger agreement and the merger:

 

Uniqueness of the Merger as a Business
    Opportunity.
 The merger will provide
    Equity One with a unique opportunity to enhance its portfolio by
    broadening existing tenant relationships, increasing its
    concentration in existing markets and expanding into new
    markets. It is the view of Equity Ones management that
    this portfolio likely could not be replicated in a reasonable
    period of time through acquisitions of individual assets.

 

Increase in the Size of Equity Ones
    Shopping Center Portfolio.
 In
    connection with the merger, Equity One can strengthen its
    position as a leading shopping center REIT and increase the
    number of shopping center properties operated by it by
    approximately 115%, based on gross leasable area.

 

Portfolio Synergies.

Because the portfolio of IRT includes
    a number of neighborhood shopping centers located in the State
    of Florida, Equity Ones management believes that operating
    synergies may be created because of its experience in this area,
    and believes that it will be able to increase the rate of return
    from IRTs portfolio.

 

Geographic and Tenant
    Diversification.
 Upon completion of
    the merger, Equity One will be more geographically diverse and
    will own 177 properties in high-growth areas of the United
    States, which could lead to a more stable earnings stream and
    enhanced prospects for increased dividend payments. In addition,
    following the merger, Equity One will have greater tenant
    diversification which will provide less exposure to specific
    anchor tenants, thereby reducing the adverse effects that an
    economic downturn of a single tenant may have on the combined
    company.

 

Greater Market
    Capitalization.
 The combined
    companys total market capitalization, including long-term
    corporate and mortgage debt, is estimated to be approximately
    $1.6 billion, based on Equity Ones stock price on the
    date the merger agreement was signed, or almost two times the
    recent equity market capitalization of Equity One. Equity
    Ones management believes that a larger REIT generally has
    greater access to both debt and equity capital than a smaller
    REIT.

 

Broader Stockholder
    Base.
 The merger would further broaden
    Equity Ones stockholder base among affiliated,
    institutional and individual holders.

 

Opportunities for Future Growth of Equity
    One.
 Because the merger agreement
    requires Equity One to issue at least 22.3 million
    additional shares of its common stock in connection with the
    merger and the concurrent private placement, after completion of
    the merger, the combined companys debt-to-total market
    capitalization, based on Equity Ones stock price on the
    date the merger agreement was signed, would be approximately
    51%, which Equity Ones management believes would allow
    Equity One to more favorably access the capital markets to fund
    future growth.

 

High Quality of IRTs
    Assets.
 Equity Ones management
    and its advisors have conducted a thorough due diligence review
    of IRT and its assets, including, among other things, site tours
    of a significant number of IRTs properties, and its
    managements assessment is that IRTs assets are
    generally of a high quality.

 

Greater Liquidity.

    Equity Ones management believes that by increasing Equity
    Ones total market capitalization, including long-term
    corporate and mortgage debt, to approximately $1.6 billion
    following the merger, based on Equity Ones stock price on
    the date the merger agreement was signed, and by broadening the
    stockholder base, the combined company should enhance the market
    for its common stock.



 

Opinion of Equity Ones Financial
    Advisor.
 The Equity One board
    considered the financial presentation of CIBC World Markets,
    including its opinion dated October 28, 2002 to the Equity
    One board as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and
    as of the date of the opinion, to Equity One of the merger
    consideration, as more fully described below under
     Opinion of Equity Ones Financial
    Advisor.

Negative Factors Considered by the Equity
    One Board

The Equity One board also considered the
following possible negative factors in its deliberations
concerning the merger agreement and the merger:

 

Kmart Bankruptcy.
 In
    January 2002, Kmart Corporation, an anchor tenant which
    accounted for 3.4% of IRTs total revenues as of
    September 30, 2002, filed for bankruptcy protection and has
    subsequently closed two of the eight stores located in shopping
    centers owned by IRT and may close additional stores in the
    future.

 

Potential Difficulties in Integrating the Two
    Companies.
 There is a risk that the
    anticipated benefits of the merger to Equity One and its
    stockholders might not be fully realized as a result of any
    inability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and reduction
    in expenses and other potential difficulties in integrating the
    two companies and their respective operations.

 

Market Perception.

    The financial markets perception of the transaction could
    lead to a decrease in the trading price of shares of Equity One.

 

Properties in Secondary
    Markets.
 Equity One may have to
    dispose of certain IRT properties that are located in markets
    that are secondary to Equity Ones current markets, and it
    may not be able to do so.

 

Limitation on the Ability to Sell Former IRT
    Properties.
 Restrictions imposed by
    mortgage loans on certain of IRTs properties limit Equity
    Ones ability to sell a substantial number of those
    properties.

 

Possibility of Acceleration of
    Indebtedness.
 Equity Ones board
    considered the fact that IRTs main credit facility with
    Wachovia contains provisions requiring its repayment on
    completion of the merger, specific provisions in IRTs
    senior unsecured notes are adversely affected by changes in
    financial ratios or credit ratings which may be implicated
    following the merger, and certain of the mortgages on the
    properties owned by Equity One and IRT contain prohibitions on
    transfers of ownership interests in the mortgagor or its parents
    without the prior written consent of the lenders, which
    provisions may be violated by the completion of the merger.

 

Costs of the Merger.

    There is significant cost involved in connection with completing
    the merger and a substantial amount of management time and
    effort required to effect the merger and integrate the
    businesses of Equity One and IRT.

 

The Merger May Not Be
    Completed.
 There is the risk that the
    merger might not be completed based upon the failure to satisfy
    covenants or closing conditions and the resulting interruption
    to the business of Equity One.

 

Potential for Dilution.

If more than 77% of IRT shareholders
    elect to receive Equity One stock in the merger and Equity One
    issues all 6,911,000 shares of its common stock in the private
    placement, the issuance of those shares might have a dilutive
    effect on Equity Ones per share operational results,
    including per share funds from operations.

The above discussion is not intended to be
exhaustive of all factors considered by the Equity One board but
does set forth material positive and negative factors considered
by the Equity One board of directors. At the October 28,
2002 meeting of the board, the Equity One directors unanimously
adopted and approved the merger agreement and the merger in
light of the various factors described above and other factors
that each such member of the Equity One board felt was
appropriate. In view of the wide variety of factors considered
by the Equity One board in connection with its evaluation of the
merger and the complexity of these matters, the Equity One board
did not consider it practical, and did not attempt, to quantify,
rank or otherwise assign



relative weights to the specific factors it
considered in reaching its decision. Rather, the Equity One
board made its determination based on the totality of
information presented to and the investigation conducted by it.
In considering the factors discussed above, individual directors
may have given different weights to different factors.

Opinion of Equity Ones Financial
Advisor

Equity One engaged CIBC World Markets to act as
its exclusive financial advisor in connection with the merger.
In connection with this engagement, Equity Ones board of
directors requested that CIBC World Markets evaluate the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to Equity One of the
merger consideration. On October 28, 2002, at a meeting of
Equity Ones board of directors held to evaluate the
proposed merger, CIBC World Markets rendered an oral opinion,
which was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated the
same date, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and
subject to the matters described in the opinion, the merger
consideration was fair, from a financial point of view, to
Equity One.

The full text of CIBC World Markets written
opinion dated October 28, 2002, which describes the
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken, is attached to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex D
. 
CIBC World
Markets opinion is addressed to Equity Ones board of
directors and relates only to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, to Equity One of the merger consideration. The
opinion does not address any other aspect of the merger or any
related transaction and does not constitute a recommendation to
any stockholder with respect to any matters relating to the
merger or any related transaction. The summary of CIBC World
Markets opinion described below is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the written opinion.
You are encouraged to read the opinion carefully in its
entirety.

In arriving at its opinion, CIBC World Markets:

 

reviewed the merger agreement;

 

reviewed audited financial statements of Equity
    One and IRT for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1999,
    December 31, 2000 and December 31, 2001;

 

reviewed unaudited financial statements of Equity
    One and IRT for the six months ended June 30, 2002, and
    reviewed financial data of Equity One and IRT prepared by the
    managements of Equity One and IRT for the three months ended
    September 30, 2002;

 

reviewed financial forecasts relating to Equity
    One and IRT provided to or discussed with CIBC World Markets by
    the managements of Equity One and IRT, including adjustments to
    the financial forecasts relating to IRT discussed with CIBC
    World Markets by Equity Ones management and estimates as
    to potential synergies and strategic benefits anticipated by
    Equity Ones management to result from the merger;

 

reviewed historical market prices and trading
    volume for Equity One common stock and IRT common stock;

 

held discussions with the senior managements of
    Equity One and IRT with respect to the businesses and prospects
    of Equity One and IRT;

 

reviewed and analyzed publicly available
    financial data for companies CIBC World Markets deemed
    comparable to Equity One and IRT;

 

reviewed and analyzed publicly available
    information for transactions that CIBC World Markets deemed
    relevant in evaluating the merger;

 

reviewed the estimated net value of the assets of
    Equity One and IRT based on financial information provided to or
    discussed with CIBC World Markets by the managements of Equity
    One and IRT;

 

reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the
    merger on Equity Ones funds from operations and other
    financial data of Equity One;



 

reviewed public information concerning Equity One
    and IRT; and

 

performed such other analyses and reviewed such
    other information as CIBC World Markets deemed appropriate.

In rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets
relied upon and assumed, without independent verification or
investigation, the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information that Equity One, IRT and their
respective employees, representatives and affiliates provided to
or discussed with CIBC World Markets. With respect to financial
forecasts relating to Equity One and IRT, CIBC World Markets
assumed, at the direction of the managements of Equity One and
IRT without independent verification or investigation, that the
financial forecasts, including adjustments to the financial
forecasts relating to IRT discussed with CIBC World Markets by
Equity Ones management and estimates as to potential
synergies and strategic benefits anticipated by Equity
Ones management to result from the merger, were reasonably
prepared on bases reflecting the best available information,
estimates and judgments of the managements of Equity One and IRT
as to the future financial condition and operating results of
Equity One and IRT, and that the financial forecasts will be
achieved at the times and in the amounts projected. CIBC World
Markets assumed, with Equity Ones consent, that the merger
will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of
section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. CIBC World
Markets also assumed, with Equity Ones consent, that each
of Equity One and IRT was organized and has operated in
conformity with the requirements for qualification as a real
estate investment trust, commonly known as a REIT, for federal
income tax purposes and that the merger and related transactions
will not adversely affect the REIT status or operations of
Equity One or IRT. CIBC World Markets further assumed, with
Equity Ones consent, that the merger and related
transactions will be consummated in accordance with their terms
without waiver, modification or amendment of any material term,
condition or agreement and that, in the course of obtaining the
necessary regulatory or third party consents and approvals for
the merger and related transactions, no limitations,
restrictions or conditions will be imposed that would have an
adverse effect on Equity One, IRT or the contemplated benefits
of the merger or related transactions.

CIBC World Markets did not make or obtain any
independent evaluations or appraisals of the assets or
liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Equity One or IRT. CIBC
World Markets did not express any opinion as to the underlying
valuation, future performance or long-term viability of Equity
One or IRT, or the price at which Equity One common stock will
trade at any time. CIBC World Markets expressed no view as to,
and its opinion does not address, Equity Ones underlying
business decision to effect the merger and CIBC World Markets
was not requested to consider the relative merits of the merger
as compared to any alternative business strategies that might
exist for Equity One or the effect of any other transaction in
which Equity One might engage. CIBC World Markets opinion
was necessarily based on the information available to CIBC World
Markets and general economic, financial and stock market
conditions and circumstances as they existed and could be
evaluated by CIBC World Markets on the date of its opinion.
Although subsequent developments may affect its opinion, CIBC
World Markets does not have any obligation to update, revise or
reaffirm its opinion. Equity One imposed no other instructions
or limitations on CIBC World Markets with respect to the
investigations made or the procedures followed by CIBC World
Markets in rendering its opinion.

This summary is not a complete description of
CIBC World Markets opinion to Equity Ones board of
directors or the financial analyses performed and factors
considered by CIBC World Markets in connection with its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytical
process involving various determinations as to the most
appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of those methods to the particular circumstances
and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to
summary description. CIBC World Markets believes that its
analyses and this summary must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on
information presented in tabular format, without considering all
analyses and factors or the narrative description of the
analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the
processes underlying CIBC World Markets analyses and
opinion.



In performing its analyses, CIBC World Markets
considered industry performance, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions and other matters existing as of
the date of its opinion, many of which are beyond the control of
Equity One and IRT. No company, transaction or business used in
the analyses as a comparison is identical to Equity One, IRT or
the merger, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses
is not entirely mathematical. Rather, the analyses involve
complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and
operating characteristics and other factors that could affect
the acquisition, public trading or other values of the
companies, business segments or transactions analyzed.

The estimates contained in CIBC World
Markets analysis and the ranges of valuations resulting
from any particular analysis are not necessarily indicative of
actual values or future results, which may be significantly more
or less favorable than those suggested by its analyses. In
addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or
securities do not necessarily purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually
may be sold. Accordingly, CIBC World Markets analyses and
estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

The type and amount of consideration payable in
the merger was determined through negotiation between Equity One
and IRT and the decision to enter into the merger was solely
that of Equity Ones board of directors. CIBC World
Markets opinion and financial analyses were only one of
many factors considered by Equity Ones board of directors
in its evaluation of the merger and should not be viewed as
determinative of the views of Equity Ones board of
directors or management with respect to the merger or the merger
consideration.

The following is a summary of the material
financial analyses underlying CIBC World Markets opinion
dated October 28, 2002 to Equity Ones board of
directors in connection with the merger. 
The financial
analyses summarized below include information presented in
tabular format. In order to fully understand CIBC World
Markets financial analyses, the tables must be read
together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not
constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.
Considering the data in the tables below without considering the
full narrative description of the financial analyses, including
the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could
create a misleading or incomplete view of CIBC World
Markets financial analyses.

Introduction

For purposes of its opinion, CIBC World Markets
analyzed the merger consideration under both a 50% stock
election scenario and a 100% stock election scenario. The 50%
stock election scenario assumed that the merger consideration
consisted of 50% cash consideration and 50% stock consideration,
while the 100% stock election scenario assumed that the merger
consideration consisted entirely of stock consideration. Using a
Selected Companies Analysis and Net Asset
Value Analysis for Equity One, CIBC World Markets derived
implied per share equity reference ranges for Equity One, which
were used both for comparison against the per share closing
price of Equity One on October 25, 2002 and, assuming a 50%
stock election scenario, in calculating an implied per share
merger consideration reference range. CIBC World Markets also
performed a Selected Companies Analysis,
Precedent Transactions Analysis and Net Asset
Value Analysis for IRT assuming a 50% stock election
scenario in order to derive implied per share equity reference
ranges for IRT and compared these ranges to the implied per
share merger consideration range derived from the Equity One
analyses referenced above. Based on the implied equity reference
ranges derived for Equity One and IRT, CIBC World Markets also
performed an Implied Exchange Ratio Analysis
assuming a 100% stock election scenario. In addition, CIBC World
Markets performed a Pro Forma Merger Analysis
assuming both a 50% stock election scenario and a 100% stock
election scenario.

Implied Merger Consideration
    Analysis

CIBC World Markets calculated an implied per
share merger consideration range of approximately $11.79 to
$12.78 assuming a 50% stock election scenario and using, for the
stock portion of the merger consideration, the averages of the
low and high values of the implied per share equity reference
ranges derived for Equity One from the Selected Companies
Analysis and Net Asset Value Analysis
described below.



This implied per share merger consideration range
was then compared against the implied equity reference ranges
derived for IRT under the analyses described below under
IRT Analysis. The implied per share equity reference
ranges derived for Equity One from the Selected Companies
Analysis and Net Asset Value Analysis
described below, in addition to being used for purposes of
calculating an implied merger consideration range, were compared
against the per share closing price of Equity One on
October 25, 2002.

The Selected Companies Analysis and
Net Asset Value Analysis for Equity One performed by
CIBC World Markets are described below:

Selected Companies Analysis.

CIBC World Markets compared financial
and stock market information for Equity One and the following 12
selected publicly held companies in the REIT industry, referred
to as the selected REIT companies:

Kimco Realty Corporation

Heritage Property Investment Trust, Inc.

Regency Centers Corporation

Pan Pacific Retail Properties, Inc.

New Plan Excel Realty Trust, Inc.

Saul Centers, Inc.

Weingarten Realty Investors

Kramont Realty Trust

Developers Diversified Realty Corporation

Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust

Federal Realty Investment Trust

Mid-Atlantic Realty Trust

CIBC World Markets reviewed, among other things,
equity values as a multiple of calendar years 2002 and 2003
estimated funds from operations, commonly known as FFO. All
multiples were based on closing stock prices on October 25,
2002. Estimated financial data for the selected REIT companies
were based on publicly available research analysts
estimates. Estimated financial data for Equity One were based on
internal estimates of Equity Ones management. CIBC World
Markets then applied a range of selected multiples of calendar
years 2002 and 2003 estimated FFO derived from the selected REIT
companies to corresponding financial data of Equity One. This
analysis indicated the following approximate implied per share
equity reference range for Equity One, as compared to the per
share closing price of Equity One common stock on
October 25, 2002:

Implied Per Share Equity

Per Share Closing Price of Equity One

Reference Range for Equity One

Common Stock on October 25, 2002

$12.57 to $15.50

$13.70

Net Asset Value Analysis.

CIBC World Markets performed a net
asset value analysis of Equity Ones assets, based on
internal estimates of Equity Ones management, by
calculating the gross estimated value of Equity Ones
income producing properties, adding the value of Equity
Ones other assets and subtracting Equity Ones
outstanding debt and other liabilities. Specifically, the gross
estimated value of Equity Ones income producing properties
was estimated by capitalizing Equity Ones calendar year
2003 estimated net operating income, commonly known as NOI, on
an individual property basis, including adjustments for reserves
for recurring capital expenditures and leasing commissions,
utilizing a blended capitalization rate ranging from 9.11% to
9.71%. The resulting gross estimated value of Equity Ones
income producing properties was then added to the gross value of
Equity Ones other assets, including developments in
progress, land and other assets, less Equity Ones
outstanding debt, an adjustment to reflect the impact of
market-based mortgage rates on the value of Equity Ones
encumbered properties and Equity Ones capital expenditures
for developments in progress and other liabilities, to derive an
equity net asset value. This analysis indicated the following
approximate implied per share equity reference range for Equity
One, as compared to the per share closing price of Equity One
common stock on October 25, 2002:

Implied Per Share Equity

Per Share Closing Price of Equity One

Reference Range for Equity One

Common Stock on October 25, 2002

$12.82 to $14.28

$13.70



IRT Analysis

Selected Companies Analysis.

CIBC World Markets compared financial
and stock market information for IRT and the selected REIT
companies listed above under Implied Merger Consideration
Analysis  Selected Companies Analysis. CIBC
World Markets reviewed, among other things, equity values as a
multiple of calendar years 2002 and 2003 estimated FFO. All
multiples were based on closing stock prices on October 25,
2002. Estimated financial data for the selected REIT companies
were based on publicly available research analysts
estimates. Estimated financial data for IRT were based on
internal estimates of IRTs management, as adjusted by
Equity Ones management. CIBC World Markets then applied a
range of selected multiples of calendar years 2002 and 2003
estimated FFO derived from the selected REIT companies to
corresponding financial data of IRT. This analysis indicated the
following approximate implied per share equity reference range
for IRT, as compared to the implied per share merger
consideration range, assuming a 50% stock election scenario:

Implied Per Share Equity

Implied Per Share Merger

Reference Range for IRT

Consideration Range

$11.21 to $13.82

$11.79 to $12.78

Precedent Transactions Analysis.

CIBC World Markets reviewed the offer
prices and implied transaction multiples in the following 11
selected transactions in the REIT industry, referred to as the
selected REIT transactions:

Acquiror

Target

Developers Diversified Realty Corporation

JDN Realty Corporation

Prometheus Southeast Retail Trust/Kimco Realty
    Corporation

Konover Property Trust, Inc.

General Growth Properties, Inc.

JP Realty, Inc.

Equity One

United Investors Realty Trust

U.S. Retail Partners, LLC

First Washington Realty Trust, Inc.

Rodamco North America N.V.

Urban Shopping Centers, Inc.

Pan Pacific Retail Properties, Inc.

Western Properties Trust

Heritage Property Investment Trust

Bradley Real Estate, Inc.

Bradley Real Estate, Inc.

Mid-America Realty Investments, Inc.

New Plan Realty Trust

Excel Realty Trust, Inc.

Kimco Realty Corporation

The Price REIT, Inc.

CIBC World Markets reviewed, among other things,
purchase prices in the selected REIT transactions as a multiple
of one-year forward and two-years forward estimated FFO. All
multiples for the selected REIT transactions were based on
publicly available information. CIBC World Markets then applied
a range of selected multiples of one-year and two-years forward
estimated FFO derived from the selected REIT transactions to
corresponding financial data of IRT. This analysis indicated the
following approximate implied per share equity reference range
for IRT, as compared to the implied per share merger
consideration range, assuming a 50% stock election scenario:

Implied Per Share Equity

Implied Per Share Merger

Reference Range for IRT

Consideration Range

$10.63 to $14.20

$11.79 to $12.78

Net Asset Value Analysis.

CIBC World Markets performed a net
asset value analysis of IRTs assets, based on internal
estimates of IRTs management as adjusted by Equity
Ones management, by calculating the gross estimated value
of IRTs income producing properties, adding the value of
IRTs other assets and subtracting IRTs outstanding
debt and other liabilities. Specifically, the gross estimated
value of IRTs income producing properties was estimated by
capitalizing IRTs calendar year 2003 estimated NOI on an
individual property basis, including adjustments for reserves
for recurring capital expenditures and leasing commissions,
utilizing a blended capitalization rate ranging from 9.52% to
10.12%. The resulting gross



estimated value of IRTs income producing
properties was then added to the gross value of IRTs other
assets, including developments in progress, land and outparcels
and other assets, less IRTs outstanding debt, an
adjustment to reflect the impact of market-based mortgage rates
on the value of IRTs encumbered properties and IRTs
capital expenditures for developments in progress and other
liabilities, to derive an equity net asset value. This analysis
indicated the following approximate implied per share equity
reference range for IRT, as compared to the implied per share
merger consideration range, assuming a 50% stock election
scenario:

Implied Per Share Equity

Implied Per Share Merger

Reference Range for IRT

Consideration Range

$10.96 to $12.16

$11.79 to $12.78

Implied Exchange Ratio
    Analysis

Using the implied per share equity reference
ranges derived for Equity One from the Selected Companies
Analysis and Net Asset Value Analysis
described above under Implied Merger Consideration
Analysis and the implied per share equity reference ranges
derived for IRT from the Selected Companies
Analysis, Precedent Transactions Analysis and
Net Asset Value Analysis described above under
IRT Analysis, CIBC World Markets calculated implied
exchange ratio reference ranges for Equity One common stock and
IRT common stock, assuming a 100% stock election scenario. This
analysis indicated the following implied exchange ratio
reference ranges, as compared to the exchange ratio provided for
in the merger:

Implied Exchange

Ratio Reference Range

IRT Selected Companies Analysis/Equity One
    Selected Companies Analysis

0.7229  1.0990

IRT Precedent Transactions Analysis/Equity One
    Selected Companies Analysis

0.6860  1.1294

IRT Net Asset Value Analysis/Equity One Net Asset
    Value Analysis

0.7677  0.9479

Merger Exchange Ratio

0.9

CIBC World Markets also compared the relative
contributions of Equity One and IRT to the combined
companys calendar years 2002 and 2003 estimated FFO and,
after adjustment for debt and available cash, earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, commonly known
as EBITDA, assuming a 100% stock election scenario. Estimated
financial data for Equity One were based on internal estimates
of Equity Ones management. Estimated financial data for
IRT were based on internal estimates of IRTs management,
as adjusted by Equity Ones management. CIBC World Markets
then calculated an implied exchange ratio range based on the
percentage contributions of Equity One and IRT to the combined
companys calendar years 2002 and 2003 estimated FFO and
adjusted EBITDA. This analysis indicated the following implied
exchange ratio reference range, as compared to the exchange
ratio provided for in the merger:

Implied Exchange Ratio Reference Range

Merger Exchange Ratio

0.8844 to 1.0414

0.9

Pro Forma Merger Analysis

CIBC World Markets analyzed the potential pro
forma effect of the merger on Equity Ones estimated FFO
and other financial data in calendar years 2003 and 2004
assuming both a 50% stock election scenario and a 100% stock
election scenario, after taking into account the financing for
the merger and potential synergies anticipated by Equity
Ones management to result from the merger. Estimated
financial data for Equity One were based on internal estimates
of Equity Ones management. Estimated financial data for
IRT were based on internal estimates of IRTs management,
as adjusted by Equity Ones management. This analysis
indicated that the merger could be accretive to Equity
Ones estimated FFO in calendar years 2003 and 2004
assuming a 50% stock election scenario, and dilutive to Equity
Ones estimated FFO in calendar



years 2003 and 2004 assuming a 100% stock
election scenario. The actual results achieved by the combined
company may vary from projected results and the variations may
be material.

Other Factors

In rendering its opinion, CIBC World Markets also
reviewed and considered other factors, including:

 

historical trading prices and trading volumes of
    Equity One common stock and IRT common stock during the 52-week
    period ended October 25, 2002;

 

the relationship between movements in Equity One
    common stock, movements in the Morgan Stanley REIT index,
    movements in the common stock of the selected REIT companies and
    movements in the Standard & Poors 500 index during the
    52-week period ended October 25, 2002;

 

the relationship between movements in IRT common
    stock, movements in the Morgan Stanley REIT index, movements in
    the common stock of the selected REIT companies and movements in
    the Standard & Poors 500 index during the 52-week
    period ended October 25, 2002; and

 

historical exchange ratios implied by the average
    daily closing prices of Equity One common stock and IRT common
    stock for the one month and six months prior to October 25,
    2002, the low and high closing prices of Equity One common stock
    and IRT common stock during the period commencing on
    March 27, 2002 (the date of Equity Ones last equity
    offering) and ending on October 25, 2002, and the closing
    prices of Equity One common stock and IRT common stock on
    October 25, 2002.

Miscellaneous

Equity One selected CIBC World Markets as its
exclusive financial advisor in connection with the merger based
on CIBC World Markets reputation and experience. CIBC
World Markets is an internationally recognized investment
banking firm and, as a customary part of its investment banking
business, is regularly engaged in valuations of businesses and
securities in connection with acquisitions and mergers,
underwritings, secondary distributions of securities, private
placements and valuations for other purposes. CIBC World Markets
and its affiliates in the past have provided services to certain
affiliates of Equity One unrelated to the merger, for which
services CIBC World Markets and its affiliates have received
compensation. In the ordinary course of business, CIBC World
Markets and its affiliates may actively trade the securities of
Equity One and IRT for their own account and for the accounts of
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in those securities.

Equity One has agreed to pay CIBC World Markets
customary fees for its financial advisory services in connection
with the merger. In addition, Equity One has agreed to reimburse
CIBC World Markets for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses,
including reasonable fees and expenses of its legal counsel, and
to indemnify CIBC World Markets and related parties against
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities
laws, relating to, or arising out of, its engagement.

IRTs Reasons for the Merger

The IRT board of directors has approved and
adopted the merger agreement and the merger and recommended
approval of the merger agreement and the merger by the
shareholders of IRT. The IRT board of directors sought and
received the advice of its management, financial advisors,
accountants and legal counsel throughout its consideration of
the merger agreement and the merger. The IRT board believes that
the terms of the merger agreement, the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are in the
best interests of IRT and its shareholders.



Positive Factors Considered by the IRT
    Board

The IRT board of directors considered the
following positive factors in its deliberations concerning the
merger agreement and the merger:

 

Pricing.
 As of the
    date that the merger agreement was signed, the value of the
    merger consideration was calculated to be $12.21 per share,
    based on the $12.15 cash consideration and the weighted average
    trading price of Equity One common stock on the date the merger
    agreement was signed and assuming IRT shareholders elect to
    receive 50% of the merger consideration in Equity One common
    stock. This value represents a premium of approximately 5.2%
    over the closing price of IRT shares immediately prior to
    execution of the agreement.

 

Benefits of Stock and Cash
    Consideration.
 IRTs shareholders
    who wish to retain an equity investment in a REIT focused on
    shopping centers may elect to receive Equity One common stock.
    IRT shareholders who elect to receive Equity One common stock
    will be able to convert their shares of IRT into shares of
    Equity One on a tax-free basis. The IRT board also believes that
    the option to receive stock consideration will make relatively
    more cash available to shareholders who prefer to receive cash
    consideration.

 

Equity Ones Higher Relative
    Dividend.
 Equity One has agreed to pay
    a quarterly dividend of at least $0.27 per share for the initial
    dividend period following the completion of the merger, subject
    to legally available funds. As adjusted for the 0.9 exchange
    ratio, this means that IRT shareholders who receive Equity One
    common stock in the merger will realize a 3.4% increase in their
    dividend.

 

Fairness Opinion of Raymond
    James.
 The IRT board considered the
    opinion, analyses and presentations of Raymond James &
    Associates, Inc. described below under  Opinion
    of IRTs Financial Advisor, including the opinion of
    Raymond James to the effect that, as of October 28, 2002,
    based on and subject to the assumptions, limitations and
    qualifications set forth in such opinion, the merger
    consideration was fair to IRT and its shareholders from a
    financial point of view. A copy of Raymond James written
    opinion to the IRT board, dated as of October 28, 2002, is
    attached as 
Annex E
 to this joint proxy
    statement/prospectus.

 

Strategic
    Alternatives.
 IRTs management
    and Raymond James were of the opinion that a merger of IRT with
    a competitor was the most likely strategic alternative to result
    in maximum shareholder value to IRT shareholders. IRTs
    ability to grow to a size that would be sufficient to
    appropriately diversify its tenant and geographic risk was
    unlikely according to management and Raymond James, and
    financing for such growth would be expensive. An orderly
    liquidation was also determined to be impractical and unlikely
    to derive maximum value for IRT shareholders.

 

Equity Ones
    Tenants.
 Equity One has greater tenant
    diversification than IRT, which could provide the combined
    company with greater cash flow stability and lessen the
    potentially negative impact of any past or future tenant
    bankruptcies, such as Kmart.

 

Equity Ones
    Properties.
 After the merger, Equity
    One will have greater geographic diversification than IRT. In
    addition, the IRT board also believes that operating synergies
    may be created because the combined company will have a
    substantial market presence in the high-growth state of Florida.

 

Opportunities for Future Growth of Equity
    One.
 The Equity One management team
    has a positive record in growing its property portfolio and in
    attracting attention that may be expected to lead to increased
    institutional ownership, research coverage, liquidity and float
    and other growth opportunities. Furthermore, the merger
    agreement requires Equity One to issue at least
    22.3 million additional shares of Equity One common stock
    in connection with the merger and the concurrent private
    placement. As a result, after completion of the merger, Equity
    Ones debt-to-total market capitalization will be
    approximately 50%, which the IRT board believed would allow
    Equity One to more favorably access the capital markets to fund
    future growth.

 

Benefits of Greater Market
    Capitalization.
 The combined
    companys total market capitalization, including long-term
    debt, is estimated to be approximately $1.6 billion, based
    on Equity Ones stock



price on the date the merger agreement was
    signed, or almost two times the recent equity market
    capitalization of IRT. In this regard, the IRT board noted that
    a larger REIT generally has greater access to capital than a
    smaller REIT.

 

Ability to Accept a Superior
    Proposal.
 The merger agreement allows
    IRT a reasonable opportunity to respond to certain third party
    alternative acquisition proposals and, if a superior proposal is
    made, to terminate the merger agreement and accept the superior
    proposal up until the time of the meeting, subject to certain
    limitations including the payment of a $15 million break-up
    fee to Equity One. The board also believed that the percentage
    of the transaction value represented by the break-up fee would
    not unduly discourage superior third-party offers, and that the
    break-up fee is within the range of fees in comparable
    transactions.

 

Ability to Terminate the Merger Agreement if
    Equity Ones Stock Price Falls Below Certain
    Thresholds.
 The merger agreement also
    allows IRT, under certain circumstances, to terminate the merger
    agreement following the fourth business day prior to the special
    meeting if the weighted average trading price of Equity
    Ones stock for the preceding 30 trading days is less than
    $12.06 per share or if the weighted average trading price of
    Equity Ones stock for the preceding three trading days is
    less than $11.00 per share. In this event, IRT would not be
    required to pay any break-up fee unless it enters into a similar
    transaction within the 12 months following the termination.

 

One IRT Representative to be Elected to Equity
    Ones Board.
 One independent
    representative of IRTs board is to be elected to Equity
    Ones board of directors to serve until the 2005 annual
    meeting of Equity Ones stockholders, which means that
    IRTs shareholders interests will continue to be
    represented following the merger.

 

Due Diligence of Equity
    One.
 IRTs management, its
    counsel and Raymond James made presentations to the IRT board
    concerning the results of their due diligence investigations of
    Equity One. The investigations by management included, among
    other things, tours of many of Equity Ones properties,
    reviews of Equity Ones environmental studies on its
    properties and meetings with Equity Ones management.

Negative Factors Considered by the IRT
    Board

The IRT board also considered the following
possible negative factors in its deliberations concerning the
merger agreement and the merger:

 

Challenges of Executing the
    Merger.
 There are challenges inherent
    in the combination of two business enterprises the size of IRT
    and Equity One which could result in the possible diversion of
    management attention for an extended period of time.

 

Fixed Exchange
    Ratio.
 Because of the merger
    agreements cap on the aggregate number of IRT shares that
    may be exchanged for cash, at least 50% of IRTs
    outstanding shares will be exchanged for shares of Equity One
    common stock. Because the exchange ratio is fixed, a decline in
    the value of Equity Ones common stock would reduce the
    value of the consideration to be received by IRT shareholders.

 

Significant Block of
    Votes.
 Chaim Katzman and his
    affiliates will own at least 36% and up to 48% of Equity
    Ones common stock after completion of the merger and the
    concurrent private placement. As a result, Mr. Katzman and
    his affiliates will be able to exercise significant control over
    the combined company. In addition, many of the shares of Equity
    One common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Katzman and his
    affiliates are pledged to various financial institutions to
    secure loans. The IRT board considered the uncertainty of Equity
    Ones future and the potential adverse effect on Equity
    Ones stock price if financial institutions foreclosed on
    substantial amounts of these shares.

 

Minority Public Float of Equity Ones
    Shares.
 Because so many of Equity
    Ones outstanding shares of common stock are held by
    Mr. Katzman and other affiliates of Equity One, the public
    float of



Equity One common stock represents less than half
    of Equity Ones common stock, both before and after the
    merger.

 

Uncertainty of Market
    Perception.
 The financial
    markets perception of the transaction may have an
    uncertain effect on the trading price of shares of IRT and
    Equity One.

 

Effect of Break-Up
    Fee.
 Certain terms and conditions set
    forth in the merger agreement, required by Equity One as a
    prerequisite to entering into the merger agreement, prohibit IRT
    and its representatives from soliciting third-party bids and
    from accepting third-party bids except in specified
    circumstances and upon the payment to Equity One of a
    $15 million break-up fee.

 

Restrictions on Business Operations Before the
    Merger.
 The merger agreement restricts
    IRTs ability to operate its business before the merger in
    a manner that is inconsistent with past practice or outside of
    the ordinary course of business. The merger agreement also
    restricts IRTs ability to buy and sell properties and to
    borrow money.

 

Rating Agency
    Implications.
 Unlike IRT, Equity One
    has not received an investment-grade credit rating on any of its
    currently outstanding indebtedness and may not be able to obtain
    an investment-grade credit rating in the future. Furthermore,
    based on conversations between management and the rating
    agencies, the rating agencies would likely view the transaction
    as having negative implications on IRTs investment grade
    rating. Among other things, the IRT board evaluated the fact
    that Equity Ones portfolio is relatively highly encumbered
    (roughly 63% of net operating income) compared to IRTs
    portfolio (approximately 33% of net operating income) which
    could result in a downgrade in the credit rating of IRTs
    senior unsecured public debt after the effective time of the
    merger.

 

Risk that the Merger Will Not Be
    Completed.
 There are various
    conditions to Equity Ones obligations to complete the
    merger and there is the possibility that the merger will not be
    completed. In evaluating this risk, the IRT board considered the
    particular circumstances under which Equity One could terminate
    the merger agreement. The IRT board also considered the possible
    adverse effects on the market for IRTs common stock and
    upon IRTs ability to raise capital in both the public and
    private markets that might result if the merger were announced
    and not completed. Furthermore, under their voting agreements,
    the controlling stockholders of Equity One are not required to
    vote for the merger if any of the following circumstances exist
    on the fourth business day prior to the special meeting:

 

The weighted average trading price of Equity
    Ones common stock for the 30 preceding trading days is
    less than $12.06 per share;

 

The weighted average trading price of Equity
    Ones common stock for the three preceding trading days is
    less than $11.00 per share;

 

The weighted average trading price of IRTs
    common stock for the 30 preceding trading days is less than
    $10.935 per share; or

 

The weighted average trading price of IRTs
    common stock for the three preceding trading days is less than
    $9.935 per share.

 

Potential Failure to Achieve Benefits of the
    Merger.
 There is a risk that the
    anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized.

The above discussion is not intended to be
exhaustive of all factors considered by the IRT board but does
set forth material positive and negative factors considered by
the IRT board of directors. On October 28, 2002, the IRT
board unanimously approved the merger and the merger agreement
and recommended approval of the merger and the merger agreement
in light of the various factors described above and other
factors that each such member of the IRT board of directors felt
were appropriate. In view of the wide variety of factors
considered by the IRT board in connection with its evaluation of
the merger and the complexity of these matters, the IRT board
did not consider it practical, and did not attempt, to quantify,
rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific
factors it considered in reaching its decision. Rather, the IRT
board



made its recommendation based on the totality of
information presented to and the investigation conducted by it.
In considering the factors discussed above, individual directors
may have given different weights to different factors.

Opinion of IRTs Financial
Advisor

Pursuant to an engagement letter dated
March 8, 2001, IRT retained Raymond James & Associates,
Inc. to act as its sole, external investment banking advisor in
helping IRT evaluate strategic alternatives. On October 28,
2002, at a meeting of IRTs board of directors, Raymond
James delivered its written opinion to the IRT board of
directors that, as of that date, the merger consideration
contemplated pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of IRTs common
stock.

The full text of Raymond James written
opinion, dated October 28, 2002, which sets forth, among
other things, the assumptions made, matters considered and
limits on the review undertaken by Raymond James in connection
with the opinion, is attached as 
Annex E
 to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated into this
joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. IRT shareholders
are urged to read Raymond James opinion in its entirety.
The summary of the Raymond James opinion set forth in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the opinion.

The Raymond James opinion was made to IRTs
board of directors for its consideration of the proposed merger
and is not a recommendation to any IRT shareholder as to whether
the merger is in that shareholders best interest or as to
whether any shareholder should vote for or against the merger.
Additionally, the Raymond James opinion does not express any
opinion as to the likely trading range of Equity One stock
following the merger, which may vary depending on numerous
factors that generally impact the price of securities or on the
financial condition of Equity One at that time. Furthermore, the
Raymond James opinion does not express any opinion as to any
election any individual shareholder may make pursuant to the
merger agreement.

In connection with its review of the proposed
merger and the preparation of its opinion, Raymond James has,
among other things:

 

reviewed the financial terms and conditions as
    stated in the merger agreement;

 

reviewed certain publicly available information
    on IRT and Equity One that Raymond James deemed relevant to its
    inquiry;

 

reviewed other non-public financial and operating
    information, including financial forecasts, requested from
    and/or prepared and provided by IRT and Equity One;

 

discussed with members of the senior management
    of IRT and Equity One certain information relating to the
    aforementioned and any other matters which Raymond James has
    deemed relevant to its inquiry;

 

compared the financial and operating performance
    as well as the prices and trading activity of both IRT and
    Equity One to publicly available information of other companies
    Raymond James deemed comparable for the purposes of its inquiry;

 

reviewed the financial terms, to the extent
    publicly available, of certain recent transactions Raymond James
    deemed comparable to the merger; and

 

performed other such analyses that Raymond James
    deemed appropriate.

For the purposes of its opinion, Raymond James
has assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all
information supplied or otherwise made available to Raymond
James by IRT, Equity One or any other party, and Raymond James
has undertaken no duty or responsibility to verify independently
any of such information. Raymond James has not made or obtained
an independent appraisal of the assets or liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) of IRT. With respect to financial
forecasts and other information and data provided to or
otherwise reviewed by or discussed with Raymond James, Raymond
James has assumed that such forecasts and other information and
data have been reasonably prepared in good faith on bases



reflecting the best currently available estimates
and judgments of management, and Raymond James has relied upon
each party to promptly advise it of any inaccuracies in
information previously provided or if any information previously
provided needed to be updated during the period of its review.

The Raymond James opinion is based upon market,
economic, financial and other circumstances and conditions
existing and disclosed to Raymond James as of the date of its
opinion. Any material change in such circumstances and
conditions would require a reevaluation of this opinion, which
Raymond James has not been requested to undertake. The Raymond
James opinion did not address the relative merits of the merger
or any other business strategy considered by IRTs board of
directors in contemplation of this merger.

In rendering its opinion, Raymond James assumed
that the merger will be consummated on the terms described in
the merger agreement. Furthermore, Raymond James assumed, in all
respects material to its analysis, that the representations and
warranties of each party contained in the merger agreement and
voting agreements are true and correct, that each party will
perform all of the covenants and agreements required to be
performed by it under the merger agreement and voting agreements
and that all conditions to the consummation of the merger will
be satisfied without being waived. Raymond James also assumed
that all material governmental, regulatory or other consents and
approvals will be obtained and that, in the course of obtaining
any necessary governmental, regulatory or other consents and
approvals, or any amendments, modifications or waivers to any
documents to which either IRT or Equity One is a party, as
contemplated by the merger agreement and voting agreements, no
restrictions will be imposed or amendments, modifications or
waivers made that would have any material adverse effect on IRT
or Equity One. In its review and analysis and in arriving at its
opinion, Raymond James assumed that 50% of IRTs
shareholders would elect $12.15 per share in cash consideration
with the remaining 50% electing stock consideration of 0.9
shares of Equity One common stock for each share of IRT common
stock held. Based on these assumptions and using the volume
weighted average stock price for Equity One on October 28,
2002, Raymond James assumed that the value of the aggregate
consideration offered to IRT shareholders was $12.21 per share.

The following is a summary of the financial
analyses Raymond James presented to the IRT board of directors
on October 28, 2002 in connection with the delivery of its
opinion. No company or transaction used in the analyses
described below is directly comparable to IRT, Equity One or the
contemplated merger. The information summarized in the tables
that follow should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
text.

Historical Price Analysis

Raymond James reviewed the historical trading
price of IRT common stock based on the daily closing prices per
share for the period beginning on October 28, 2001 and ending on
October 28, 2002. Raymond James noted that on
April 29, 2002, IRT issued 3.45 million shares at a
price of $11.79 in a public offering that was co-lead managed by
Raymond James. Raymond James observed, during this period of
time, the following:

Closing Price

Date

High

$

12.74

June 28, 2002

Low

$

10.35

November 8, 2001

Recent

$

11.60

October 28, 2002

Net Asset Value Analysis

Raymond James analyzed IRTs net asset value
per share using two methodologies. First, the net asset value
was calculated based on an asset-by-asset estimated real estate
valuation and an estimate of the current values for other
assets, liabilities and debt balances as of September 30,
2002. The real estate valuation used 2003 property-specific
funds from operations projections. Raymond James calculated the
net asset value by applying capitalization rates ranging from
9.25% to 11.00%. Second, Raymond James performed a review of



net asset value estimates by Wall Street research
analysts for IRT. Raymond James analysis suggested the
following relevant ranges for the per share net asset values.

Net Asset Value

Low

High

Real Estate Valuation

$

11.17

$

12.18

Wall Street Research Estimates

$

10.94

$

12.14

Comparable Publicly Traded Company
    Analysis

Raymond James compared selected financial ratios
for IRT with a group of companies which Raymond James considered
to be reasonably comparable to IRT for purposes of its analysis.
The comparable companies Raymond James analyzed in the
preparation of its opinion included:

Comparable Publicly Traded Companies

Developers Diversified Realty Corp.

Pan Pacific Retail Properties, Inc.

Federal Realty Investment Trust

Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust

Heritage Property Investment Trust, Inc.

Regency Centers Corp.

JDN Realty Corp.

Saul Centers, Inc.

KIMCO Realty Corp.

Weingarten Realty Investors

Mid-Atlantic Realty Trust

Raymond James analysis included, among
other things, a review of: (1) equity market value;
(2) total enterprise value, or TEV, calculated by adding
equity market value and total net debt, preferred units and
preferred stock; (3) ratios of price per share to funds
from operations, or FFO per share; and (4) ratios of TEV to
earnings before interest expense, depreciation and amortization,
or EBITDA. Raymond James calculated the ratio of price per share
as of October 28, 2002 to FFO per share using projected
2002 and 2003 FFO per share estimates, as provided by First
Call, a national data service that monitors and publishes
compilations of earnings estimates by selected research analysts
regarding companies of interest to institutional investors, as
well as the ratio of TEV to EBITDA using projected 2002 and 2003
EBITDA, based on Wall Street research reports. The estimates
published by First Call and by Wall Street research analysts
were not prepared in connection with the merger or at Raymond
James request and may or may not prove to be accurate.
Raymond James analysis suggested the following relevant
ranges for the comparable companies:

Ratio

Low

Mean

High

Price/2002 FFO

8.5

10.0

11.7

Price/2003 FFO

8.0

9.5

10.9

TEV/2002 EBITDA(1)

10.0

11.5

12.9

TEV/2003 EBITDA(1)

8.8

10.5

11.9

(1) 

For the purposes of analyzing this ratio, Raymond
    James determined that the implied TEV/EBITDA multiples for JDN
    were not comparable and were, accordingly, not considered as
    part of this analysis.

Applying the foregoing multiples to IRTs
projected 2002 and 2003 FFO per share and EBITDA (based on
projections provided to Raymond James by the management of IRT)
resulted in the following range of implied price per share for
IRT:

Low

High

Price/2002 FFO

$

10.97

$

15.09

Price/2003 FFO

$

10.56

$

14.39

TEV/2002 EBITDA

$

10.04

$

15.40

TEV/2003 EBITDA

$

8.34

$

14.26

None of the comparable companies is, of course,
identical to IRT. Accordingly, a complete analysis of the
results of the foregoing calculations cannot be limited to a
quantitative review of such results and involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial
and operating characteristics of



the comparable companies and other factors that
could affect the public valuation of the comparable companies,
as well as that of IRT.

Premiums Paid Analysis

Raymond James analyzed publicly available
information relating to seven selected corporate transactions.
The precedent transactions were chosen based on a review of
target companies that had general business, operating and
financial characteristics representative of companies in the
industry in which IRT operates. The comparable precedent
transactions Raymond James reviewed in the preparation of its
opinion included:

Acquiror

Target

Developers Diversified Realty Corp.

JDN Realty Corp.

General Growth Properties, Inc.

JP Realty, Inc.

Equity One, Inc.

United Investors Realty Trust

U.S. Retail Partners, LLC

First Washington Realty Trust, Inc.

Pan Pacific Retail Properties, Inc.

Western Properties Trust

Heritage Property Investors, Inc.

Bradley Real Estate, Inc.

Bradley Real Estate, Inc.

Mid-America Realty Investment, Inc.

For this group of comparable precedent
transactions, Raymond James calculated:

 

the purchase prices premium to the
    unaffected stock price of the target one day prior to
    announcement of the transaction;

 

the purchase prices premium to the
    unaffected stock price of the target 20 days prior to
    announcement of the transaction; and

 

the purchase prices premium to the net
    asset value of the target.

The net asset value estimates were based on
either estimates made by Wall Street research analysts at the
time the precedent transaction was announced or on net asset
value analyses completed by financial advisors in connection
with fairness opinions that were delivered at the time the
precedent transactions were announced. These estimates were not
prepared in connection with the merger or at Raymond James
request and may or may not prove to be or have proven to be
accurate. Raymond James analysis suggested the following
relevant ranges for the precedent transactions:

Premium to:

Low

Mean

High

Target stock price one day prior

(9.8

)%

9.3

%

25.3

%

Target stock price 20 days prior

(12.2

)%

13.3

%

32.7

%

Net Asset Value

(21.8

)%

0.6

%

16.3

%

Applying the foregoing premiums to IRTs
corresponding closing stock price resulted in the following
range of implied price per share for IRT:

Low

High

Target stock price one day prior

$

10.46

$

14.53

Target stock price 20 days prior

$

10.32

$

15.59

Net Asset Value(1)

$

9.11

$

13.55

(1) 

For the purposes of analyzing this ratio, Raymond
    James used the mean consensus Wall Street research NAV estimate
    for IRT of $11.65.



Precedent Transaction
    Analysis

Raymond James also analyzed the purchase price
and transaction value multiples for the merger based upon an
analysis of the comparable precedent transactions. Raymond
James analysis of each of these included, among other
things, a review of the purchase price and ratios of the
purchase price per share to forward FFO per share. Raymond James
calculated the ratio of the purchase price per share to FFO per
share using projected FFO for the end of the year in which the
applicable precedent transaction was announced. Raymond
James analysis suggested the following relevant range for
the precedent transactions:

Ratio

Low

Mean

High

Price/Forward FFO

8.6

9.1

10.2

Applying the foregoing multiples to IRTs
projected 2002 FFO per share (based on projections provided to
Raymond James by the management of IRT) resulted in the
following range of implied price per share for IRT:

Ratio

Low

High

Price/Forward FFO

$

11.09

$

13.16

None of the comparable precedent transactions
considered by Raymond James was identical to the contemplated
transaction between IRT and Equity One. An analysis of the
results, therefore, requires complex considerations and
judgments regarding the financial and operating characteristics
of IRT and the companies involved in the comparable precedent
transactions analysis, as well as other facts that could affect
their transaction values.

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process and involves various judgments and
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
assumptions and financial analyses and the application of these
methods to the particular circumstances involved. Such an
opinion is therefore not readily susceptible to partial analyses
or summary description and taking portions of the analyses set
out above, without considering the analyses as a whole, would,
in the opinion of Raymond James, create an incomplete and
misleading picture of the processes underlying the analyses
considered in rendering Raymond James opinion. Raymond
James did not form an opinion as to whether any individual
analysis, considered in isolation, supported or failed to
support its opinion. In arriving at its opinion, Raymond James
considered the results of all such analyses and did not assign
specific weights to particular analyses. Estimates of values of
companies do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily to
reflect the prices at which companies may actually be sold, and
such estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty. The
analyses performed by Raymond James, particularly those based on
forecasts, are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
actual future results, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than suggested by such analyses. Such analyses were
prepared solely as a part of Raymond James analysis of the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
IRTs common stock of the consideration to be paid by
Equity One pursuant to the merger agreement. The summary in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus of Raymond James opinion
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
Raymond James opinion. Raymond James does not, however,
make any recommendation to holders of IRT common stock, or to
any other person or entity, as to whether such shareholders
should vote for or against the merger.

Pursuant to a letter agreement dated
March 8, 2001, IRT has agreed to pay Raymond James
customary fees for its financial advisory services in connection
with the merger, most of which are contingent upon the
consummation of the merger. In addition, IRT has agreed to
reimburse Raymond James for its reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses (including reasonable legal fees) incurred by Raymond
James in connection with the engagement. As a condition of the
engagement, IRT has also agreed to indemnify Raymond James, its
directors, officers, agents, employees and controlling persons
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the
federal securities laws, relating to or arising out of Raymond
James engagement.

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., a
subsidiary of Raymond James Financial, Inc., is a nationally
recognized investment banking firm. Raymond James and its
affiliates, as part of their investment banking activities, are
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with merger



transactions and other types of acquisitions,
negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for
corporate and other purposes. IRT selected Raymond James as its
financial advisor on the basis of Raymond James experience
and expertise in mergers and acquisitions transactions. Raymond
James acted as co-lead managing underwriter in a public offering
of IRTs common stock in April 2002, and received a
customary fee for its services in that offering. In the ordinary
course of business, Raymond James or its affiliates may actively
trade the debt and equity securities of IRT and Equity One for
its or any such affiliates own account or for the account
of customers and, accordingly, may hold a long or short position
in such securities.

Interest of Certain Persons in the Merger;
Conflicts of Interest

In considering whether or not to approve the
merger and the merger agreement, IRT shareholders should be
aware that, as described below, some IRT executive officers,
including Thomas H. McAuley, who is a director of IRT, have
interests in, and will receive benefits from, the merger that
differ from, or are in addition to, and, therefore, may conflict
with, the interests of IRT shareholders generally.

Forgiveness of
Loans.
 Several officers of IRT have
issued promissory notes payable to IRT in the aggregate
outstanding amount of approximately $1 million. Pursuant to
the terms of these notes, upon shareholder approval of the
merger, a change of control will occur, and all outstanding
amounts under these loans will be forgiven.

Equity-Based Awards.

An aggregate of 214,449 shares of unvested restricted stock
previously granted to various executive officers of IRT pursuant
to IRTs compensation plans will vest immediately upon
completion of the merger.

Retention and Severance
Agreements.
 IRT has existing
employment agreements with several of its executive officers
which become effective in the event of a change of control and
will be triggered upon completion of the merger. These
change of control employment agreements will provide
these executives with certain benefits, including rights of
severance if the executives employment is terminated
following the merger, that they would not otherwise have in the
absence of the merger.

In addition, IRT has existing employment
agreements with Thomas H. McAuley, the President and Chief
Executive Officer of IRT, and James G. Levy, the Chief
Financial Officer of IRT, pursuant to which, if either executive
terminates his employment for good reason, the
executive will receive severance payments in the amount of
approximately $1.7 million in the case of Mr. McAuley
and approximately $500,000 in the case of Mr. Levy.
Good reason includes any termination by the
executive for any reason during the period beginning
90 days after a change of control and ending on the last
business day 13 months following the change of control. The
merger will be a change of control for purposes of
these agreements.

If any payments are made to Mr. McAuley or
Mr. Levy pursuant to the severance provisions of their
respective employment agreements that would result in an excise
tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, the
executive officer will receive a tax reimbursement payment that
would put the executive officer in the same financial position
after-tax that he would have been in if the excise tax did not
apply to such amounts.

In addition, under the severance provisions of
the employment agreements described above, the executive officer
and his eligible dependents will continue to be eligible to
participate in the medical, dental, disability and life
insurance plans and arrangements applicable to him or her
immediately before his termination of employment, on
substantially the same terms and conditions in effect
immediately before the termination. Coverage will continue for
the applicable severance period.

It is currently anticipated that Mr. McAuley
will terminate his employment 90 days after completion of
the merger and that he will therefore be entitled to receive all
of his severance benefits.



Financing the Merger

Equity One intends to finance the estimated
$216 million of merger costs, including the approximately
$208 million cash portion of the merger consideration to be
paid in connection with the merger assuming 50% of IRT
shareholders elect cash, by using a combination of available
borrowing capacity under its various credit facilities, a new
credit facility to be entered into before the closing of the
merger and the proceeds from the issuance of up to 6,911,000
shares of Equity One common stock in connection with the
concurrent private placement.

Regulatory and Third Party Approvals

Neither Equity One nor IRT is aware of any
material license, regulatory permit or other material
third-party approval which is required in connection with the
merger or of any approval or other action by any state, federal
or foreign government or governmental agency that would be
required prior to completion of the merger.

Dissenters Rights

Equity One is organized as a corporation under
the laws of Maryland. Under the Maryland General Corporation
Law, because the shares of common stock of Equity One are listed
on the New York Stock Exchange, Equity One stockholders have no
right to dissent and receive the appraised value of their shares
of common stock in connection with the merger.

IRT is organized as a corporation under the laws
of Georgia. Under the Georgia Business Corporation Code, because
the shares of common stock of IRT are listed on the New York
Stock Exchange and IRT shareholders have the right to elect to
receive shares of another listed company, IRT shareholders have
no right to dissent and receive the appraised value of their
shares of common stock in connection with the merger.

Accounting Treatment

The merger will be accounted for as a
purchase, as such term is used under accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Accordingly, from and after the closing of the merger,
IRTs consolidated results of operations will be included
in Equity Ones consolidated results of operations. For
purposes of preparing Equity Ones consolidated financial
statements, Equity One will establish a new accounting basis for
IRTs assets and liabilities based upon their estimated
fair market values and Equity Ones purchase price,
including the costs of the acquisition. Accordingly, the
purchase accounting adjustments made in connection with the
development of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial data appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus are preliminary and have been made solely
for purposes of developing such pro forma condensed combined
financial data to comply with disclosure requirements of the
SEC. Although the final purchase price allocation may differ,
the pro forma condensed combined financial data reflects Equity
Ones managements best estimate based upon currently
available information. For more information regarding the pro
forma allocation of the purchase price, see Unaudited Pro
Forma Financial Data.

Restriction on Resales by Affiliates

The shares of Equity One common stock to be
issued to IRT shareholders who elect to receive stock as the
form of merger consideration in the merger will be freely
transferable under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
except for shares issued to any person who may be deemed to be
an affiliate of IRT within the meaning of
Rule 145 under the Securities Act or who will become an
affiliate of Equity One within the meaning of
Rule 144 under the Securities Act after the merger. Shares
of Equity One common stock received by persons who are deemed to
be IRT affiliates or who become Equity One affiliates may be
resold by these persons only in transactions permitted by the
resale provisions of Rule 145 or as otherwise permitted
under the Securities Act. Persons who may be deemed to be
affiliates of IRT generally include individuals or entities
that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
control, are controlled by or are under common control with IRT
and may include officers and directors of IRT.



Persons who are not affiliates of IRT generally
may sell their shares of Equity One common stock without
restrictions and without delivering this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

The New York Stock Exchange Listing

All shares of Equity One common stock to be
issued in connection with the merger are required to be listed
on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE. The NYSEs
approval to list these shares of common stock is expected to be
obtained prior to the completion of the merger, subject to
official notice of issuance.

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of
the Merger

General

The following discussion primarily summarizes the
material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to
IRT shareholders. This discussion is for general information
only and does not purport to consider all aspects of U.S.
federal income taxation that may be relevant to an IRT
shareholder. For example, this discussion does not address the
effect, if any, of the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax
Act on IRT shareholders that are not United States persons for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. This discussion is based on
the Internal Revenue Code, the legislative history of the
Internal Revenue Code, Treasury regulations, including temporary
and proposed regulations, current administrative interpretations
and practices of the Internal Revenue Service, including its
practices and policies as expressed in private letter rulings,
which are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service, and
existing court decisions, all as in effect as of the date of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Future legislation,
regulations, administrative interpretations and court decisions
could change current law or existing interpretations of current
law. Any change could apply retroactively and could affect IRT
shareholders adversely. This discussion applies only to an IRT
shareholder who holds his or her IRT shares as capital assets
within the meaning of section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code.
This discussion does not apply to:

 

an IRT shareholder who received his or her IRT
    shares pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or
    otherwise as compensation;

 

a shareholder who holds his or her IRT shares as
    part of a straddle, hedge,
    conversion transaction, synthetic
    security or other integrated investment;

 

a shareholder, including a financial institution,
    an insurance company, a tax-exempt organization, a broker or
    dealer in securities, a regulated investment company, a U.S.
    expatriate, a trader in securities that elects mark to market
    treatment or a shareholder subject to the alternative minimum
    tax;

 

a shareholder whose functional currency is not
    the U.S. dollar; or

 

a shareholder who, for U.S. federal income tax
    purposes, is a nonresident alien individual, foreign
    corporation, foreign partnership or foreign estate or trust.

This discussion also does not consider the effect
of any state, local, foreign or other laws or any U.S. federal
laws other than U.S. federal income tax law.

The individual circumstances of each IRT
shareholder may affect the tax consequences of the merger to
that IRT shareholder. Accordingly, you should consult your own
tax adviser to determine the tax effect of the merger to you,
including the application and effect of U.S. federal, state,
local, foreign or other tax laws. A shareholder that is not a
United States person and who holds or has held, directly and
constructively, more than five percent of the outstanding IRT
common stock should consult his or her own tax adviser regarding
the consequences of the merger to him under the Foreign
Investment in Real Property Tax Act, including any tax filing
requirements that may apply.

In connection with the completion of the merger,
Greenberg Traurig, P.A., counsel to Equity One, will deliver to
Equity One, and Alston & Bird LLP, counsel to IRT, will
deliver to IRT an opinion to the effect that the merger will
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code. The opinions of counsel are not
binding on the Internal Revenue Service. No ruling has been or
will be



sought from the Internal Revenue Service
regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that the Internal
Revenue Service will not challenge the conclusions expressed in
this discussion or that a court will not sustain any such
challenge. Except as otherwise indicated, the following
discussion of U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger
to IRT shareholders assumes that the merger will qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code.

Federal Income Tax Consequences to IRT and
    IRT Shareholders

The U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger to an IRT shareholder depend on the type of consideration
received by the shareholder and on whether the shareholder is
deemed to own IRT shares or Equity One shares constructively
under section 318 of the Internal Revenue Code, which for
certain purposes treats a person as owning stock that is owned,
or, in some cases, treated as owned, by certain family members
or related entities or that the person has an option or other
right to acquire.

Shareholders Who Receive Solely Equity One
Shares.
 An IRT shareholder who
exchanges IRT shares solely for Equity One shares pursuant to
the merger will not recognize any gain or loss on that exchange,
except to the extent the shareholder receives cash in lieu of a
fractional share of Equity One, as discussed below. The
aggregate adjusted tax basis of the Equity One shares received
will be equal to the IRT shareholders aggregate adjusted
tax basis in the IRT shares surrendered, reduced by the tax
basis allocable to any fractional share of Equity One for which
cash is received pursuant to the merger. The holding period of
Equity One shares received pursuant to the merger will include
the holding period of the IRT shares surrendered therefor.

Shareholders Who Receive Cash and Equity One
Shares.
 If an IRT shareholder receives
consideration for his or her IRT shares surrendered in the
merger consisting of part cash and part Equity One shares, and
if the shareholder realizes a gain on that exchange, the
shareholder will include in gross income an amount equal to the
lesser of the amount of the gain realized and the amount of the
cash received. The amount of gain realized will equal any excess
of the sum of the fair market value of the Equity One shares, as
of the date of the merger, and the amount of cash that the
shareholder receives over the shareholders adjusted tax
basis in the IRT shares surrendered in the exchange. On the
other hand, if the shareholder realizes a loss on the exchange,
that loss will not be currently allowed or recognized for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. A shareholder will realize a loss
if the shareholders adjusted tax basis in the IRT shares
surrendered in the exchange exceeds the sum of the fair market
value of the Equity One shares as of the date of the merger and
the amount of cash that the shareholder receives pursuant to the
merger. These rules assume that an IRT shareholder has the same
tax basis in each IRT share owned. An IRT shareholder that
bought IRT shares at different prices or otherwise owns IRT
shares with different bases must make the calculations above
separately for each IRT share surrendered in the merger. A loss
realized on one IRT share may not be used to offset a gain
realized on another IRT share.

In the case of an IRT shareholder who recognizes
gain on the exchange, the gain will be capital gain if the
exchange sufficiently reduces the shareholders
proportionate stock interest in Equity One, as discussed below.
That capital gain will be long-term capital gain with respect to
IRT shares that the shareholder held for more than one year as
of the date of the merger. If the exchange does not sufficiently
reduce the shareholders proportionate stock interest in
Equity One, the gain will be taxable as a dividend to the extent
of the shareholders share of IRTs available earnings
and profits, and the remainder, if any, of the recognized gain
will be capital gain.

The determination of whether the exchange
sufficiently reduces an IRT shareholders proportionate
stock interest will be made in accordance with the principles of
section 302 of the Internal Revenue Code, taking into account
the constructive ownership rules of section 318 of the Internal
Revenue Code. Under those rules, an IRT shareholder is treated
as if (1) all of the shareholders IRT shares first
were exchanged in the merger for Equity One shares and
(2) a portion of those Equity One shares then were redeemed
for the cash actually received in the merger. The IRT
shareholders resulting actual and constructive
proportionate stock interest in Equity One then is compared to
the IRT shareholders actual and constructive stock
interest in



Equity One prior to the deemed redemption.
Capital gain treatment will apply (a) if the
shareholders stock interest in Equity One has been
completely terminated, (b) if there has been a
substantially disproportionate reduction in the
shareholders stock interest in Equity One, that is, if the
resulting percentage interest after hypothetical step
(2) is less than 80 percent of the percentage interest
prior to the deemed redemption or (c) if the exchange is
not essentially equivalent to a dividend. Although
the third determination is based on an IRT shareholders
particular facts and circumstances, the Internal Revenue Service
has indicated in a published ruling that a distribution is not
essentially equivalent to a dividend, and therefore
will result in capital gain treatment, in the case of a minority
shareholder with a small stock interest in a publicly held
corporation if the distribution results in any actual reduction
in the shareholders stock interest and if the shareholder
exercises no control with respect to corporate affairs.

Because the determination of whether a payment
will be treated as having the effect of the distribution of a
dividend generally will depend upon the facts and circumstances
of each IRT shareholder, IRT shareholders are strongly urged to
consult their own tax advisers regarding the tax treatment of
any cash received in the merger, including the application of
the constructive ownership rules of the Internal Revenue Code
and the effect of any transactions in Equity One shares or IRT
shares by the IRT shareholder.

The adjusted tax basis in the Equity One shares
received by an IRT shareholder who receives both Equity One
shares and cash in the merger will be equal to that
shareholders adjusted basis in the IRT shares surrendered,
increased by the amount of any gain recognized pursuant to the
merger and reduced by the amount of cash received in the merger.
The holding period of the Equity One shares received will
include the holding period of the IRT shares surrendered.

Shareholders Who Receive Solely
Cash.
 An IRT shareholder who exchanges
his or her IRT shares solely for cash pursuant to the merger
generally will recognize gain or loss, on a share-by-share
basis, in an amount equal to the difference between the amount
of cash received for an IRT share and the shareholders
adjusted tax basis in the IRT share. That gain or loss will be
capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss
with respect to IRT shares that the shareholder held for more
than one year as of the date of the merger. Limitations apply to
the deductibility of capital losses. An IRT shareholder who
receives only cash in exchange for all of his or her IRT shares
surrendered in the merger but who owns Equity One shares,
actually or constructively, after the merger should consult his
or her own tax adviser to determine the amount and character of
any gain recognized in the merger.

Cash Received in Lieu of a Fractional
Share.
 An IRT shareholder who receives
cash in lieu of a fractional Equity One share will be treated as
having first received that fractional share pursuant to the
merger and then as having received cash in exchange for that
fractional share. Thus, the IRT shareholder generally will
recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference
between the amount of cash received in lieu of the fractional
Equity One share and the portion of the basis in the IRT shares
allocable to that fractional interest.

Backup Withholding.

A cash payment received in connection with the merger may be
subject to backup withholding at a rate of 30%.
Backup withholding will not apply to an IRT shareholder that is
a corporation or otherwise exempt from the backup withholding
rules and that, when required, demonstrates that fact. In
addition, backup withholding will not apply to a non-corporate
IRT shareholder who provides his or her or its taxpayer
identification number, which, in the case of an individual, is
his or her social security number, and all other required
information. An IRT shareholder that is a United States person
may avoid backup withholding by properly completing a substitute
IRS Form W-9 (which is included with this joint proxy
statement/prospectus) and submitting it to the paying agent for
the merger when he or she submits his or her IRT share
certificates. An IRT shareholder who is required to and does not
provide a correct taxpayer identification number may be subject
to penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. Any amount
paid as backup withholding does not constitute an additional tax
but will be refundable or creditable against the
shareholders U.S. federal income tax liability provided
the appropriate information is furnished to the Internal Revenue
Service.



Federal Income Tax Consequences to Equity
    One and Equity One Shareholders

Equity One and its shareholders will not realize
any gain or loss as a result of the merger.

REIT Qualification of IRT and Equity
    One.

As a condition to the merger, Alston & Bird
LLP, counsel to IRT, will deliver an opinion to Equity One that,
commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 1997,
IRT was organized and has operated in conformity with the
requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Internal
Revenue Code. The opinion of Alston & Bird LLP will not be
binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts. If IRT
did not qualify as a REIT in any of its prior taxable years for
which the statute of limitations has not expired, IRT would be
liable for (and, as successor to IRT in the merger, Equity One
would be obligated to pay) any federal income tax on its income
earned in any such year that it did not qualify as a REIT. In
addition, if IRT did not qualify as a REIT at the time of the
merger, Equity One could fail to qualify as a REIT after the
merger.

As a condition to the merger, Greenberg Traurig,
P.A., counsel to Equity One, will deliver an opinion to Equity
One and IRT that, commencing with its taxable year ended
December 31, 1997, Equity One was organized and has
operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification
as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code and that, after giving
effect to the merger, Equity Ones proposed method of
operation will enable it to continue to meet the requirements
for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Internal
Revenue Code. The opinion of Greenberg Traurig, P.A., however,
will not be binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the
courts.

Equity One intends to continue to operate in a
manner to qualify as a REIT following the merger, but there is
no guarantee that Equity One will qualify or remain qualified as
a REIT. Qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon Equity
Ones ability to meet, through actual annual (or, in some
cases, quarterly) operating results, requirements relating to
income, asset ownership, distribution levels and diversity of
share ownership, and the various REIT qualification requirements
imposed under the Internal Revenue Code. As noted above, if IRT
did not qualify as a REIT at the time of the merger, Equity One
could fail to qualify as a REIT after the merger. Greenberg
Traurig, P.A. will not review Equity Ones compliance with
these tests on a continuing basis. Given the complex nature of
the REIT qualification requirements, the ongoing importance of
factual determinations and the possibility of future changes in
the circumstances of Equity One, Equity One cannot guarantee
that its actual operating results will satisfy the requirements
for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for any
particular year.

Shareholder Litigation

Since October 31, 2002, three IRT
shareholders filed three separate purported class action suits
in the Superior Court of Cobb County, State of Georgia, against
IRT, IRTs board of directors and Equity One alleging
claims of breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment and
irreparable harm. The complaints seek declaratory relief, an
order enjoining consummation of the merger, and unspecified
damages.

Although IRT and Equity One believe that these
suits are without merit and intend to defend themselves
vigorously, there can be no assurance that the pending
litigation will not interfere with the consummation of the
merger. IRT and Equity One do not expect that these suits will
interfere with the scheduling of their respective shareholder
meetings or the consummation of the merger, if approved.



THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the merger
agreement relating to the merger described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The description of the merger agreement is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of
the merger agreement which is attached as Annex A to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. We urge you to read the full
text of the merger agreement.

The Merger

The merger agreement provides that IRT will be
merged into Equity One. At the effective time of the merger, IRT
will cease to exist and Equity One will continue as the
surviving corporation in accordance with the Maryland General
Corporation Law. At that time, all the rights and property of
IRT before the merger will become the rights and property of
Equity One, and all of the debts and liabilities of IRT before
the merger will become the debts and liabilities of Equity One.

Closing and Effective Time of the
Merger

The merger agreement provides that the closing of
the merger will take place at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, no
later than the third business day after the last of all of the
conditions to the merger have been satisfied or waived.

The merger will become effective upon:

 

the filing and acceptance of the articles of
    merger with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of
    Maryland and the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia; or

 

such other date and time as expressly provided in
    the articles of merger in accordance with applicable law.

Conversion of Shares

Merger Consideration

At the effective time of the merger, each issued
and outstanding share of IRT common stock (other than shares of
common stock of IRT held in treasury by IRT or owned by a
subsidiary of IRT or by Equity One or its subsidiaries) will be
converted into the right to receive cash in the amount of
$12.15, without interest, 0.9 shares of Equity One common
stock, or a combination of cash and shares of Equity One common
stock, at the election of the IRT shareholder. If the holders of
more than 50% of the IRT shares elect to receive cash, then the
cash portion of the aggregate consideration will be prorated as
discussed below. In addition, if IRT pays a final
dividend for REIT qualification purposes as more fully
discussed below, then the per share cash consideration will be
reduced by the amount of such final dividend for those IRT
shareholders that elect to receive cash in the merger.

As of the effective time of the merger, each
share of IRT common stock will be automatically canceled and
retired. Each IRT shareholder will cease to have any rights with
respect to shares of IRT common stock, except the right to
receive any dividend or distribution with respect to IRT common
stock with a record date occurring prior to the effective time
of the merger and the merger consideration payable pursuant to
the merger agreement.

Proration

In connection with the merger, IRT shareholders
may not necessarily receive the form of merger consideration
that they elect. In addition to any tax adjustment described
below, the merger agreement limits the number of IRT shares that
may be exchanged for cash in the merger to 50% of IRTs
total outstanding shares. Accordingly, although each IRT
shareholder may elect to receive all of his or her merger
consideration in cash, if cash elections are made for more than
50% of IRTs total outstanding shares, then the number of
shares that will be exchanged for cash will be proportionately
reduced and the remainder will be exchanged for shares of Equity
One common stock. If, however, cash elections are made for less
than 50% of



IRTs total outstanding shares, then all IRT
shareholders will receive the form of merger consideration that
they elect. There will be no proration of stock elections.
Therefore, IRT shareholders that elect to receive only Equity
One common stock will receive the specific amount of stock that
they elect.

Fractional Shares

No fractional shares of Equity One common stock
will be issued in the merger. IRT shareholders will receive a
cash payment in lieu of fractional shares in an amount equal to
the fraction multiplied by the weighted average trading price
per share of Equity One common stock on the New York Stock
Exchange for all transactions occurring on the closing date of
the merger.

Final Dividends

If necessary to satisfy the REIT distribution
requirements of section 857(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue
Code for the taxable year of IRT ending at the effective time of
the merger, IRT will declare a dividend on each share of IRT
common stock, the record date for such dividend being the last
business day prior to the effective time of the merger, in an
amount equal to the minimum dividend sufficient to satisfy the
requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. If IRT determines
that it is necessary to declare such a final dividend, Equity
One will be entitled to declare a dividend per share payable to
holders of shares of Equity One common stock, the record date
for such dividend being the last business day prior to the
effective time of the merger, in an amount equal to the final
IRT dividend paid per share of IRT common stock divided by 0.9.
If IRT pays the final dividend as contemplated above, the amount
of cash consideration that may be received per share of IRT
common stock will be reduced by an amount equal to the per share
amount of the final dividend paid by IRT.

Tax Adjustment

The merger agreement contains a provision that is
intended to prevent the merger from failing to qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code by reason of the value of the Equity One
common stock issued in exchange for IRT shares pursuant to the
merger constituting too small a portion of the total
consideration paid for the IRT shares pursuant to the merger.
This provision could be triggered if the value of the Equity One
common stock were to decline significantly between the date the
merger agreement was approved by the boards of directors of IRT
and Equity One and the closing date of the merger. The merger
agreement provides that the total cash paid to IRT shareholders
in connection with the merger, including cash paid as merger
consideration, cash paid for fractional shares and cash paid as
a final dividend, cannot exceed 60% of the sum of the total cash
paid to IRT shareholders in connection with the merger and the
fair market value of the Equity One common stock to be issued in
exchange for IRT shares pursuant to the merger. For this
purpose, the fair market value of that Equity One common stock
is equal to the product of the total number of shares of Equity
One common stock to be issued in exchange for IRT shares
pursuant to the merger and the weighted average trading price
per share of the Equity One common stock for all transactions
occurring on the closing date of the merger. If the total amount
of cash that otherwise would be paid to IRT shareholders in
connection with the merger would exceed the foregoing
limitation, the merger agreement requires that the number of IRT
shares that may be exchanged for cash be proportionately
reduced, with the remainder being exchanged for shares of Equity
One common stock, until the total cash paid to IRT shareholders
in connection with the merger is less than 60% of the sum of the
total cash paid to IRT shareholders in connection with the
merger and the fair market value of the Equity One common stock
to be issued in exchange for IRT shares pursuant to the merger.

Election Procedure

Form of Election; Election
    Deadline

Each holder of record of outstanding IRT common
stock will receive a form of election from IRT and Equity One
along with the proxy materials relating to the merger. The form
of election and the certificates representing the shares of IRT
common stock as to which the election is being made must be
properly



completed, signed and submitted to the exchange
agent by 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on Tuesday,
February 11, 2003, the date immediately prior to the IRT
shareholders meeting. All elections may be revoked in
writing at any time prior to the date such forms of election are
due.

No Election Shares

Any holder of shares of IRT common stock that
does not submit a form of election to the exchange agent prior
to the election deadline will receive shares of Equity One
common stock, cash or a combination of stock and cash, as
determined by Equity One in its discretion.

Exchange Procedure

Exchange Fund

Equity One must deposit with the exchange agent
an amount of cash and shares of Equity One common stock required
to convert the shares of IRT common stock into either cash or
shares of Equity One common stock and to pay any dividends or
distributions with a record date occurring after the effective
time of the merger. Any portion of the exchange fund that
remains unclaimed by the holders of IRT common stock for
12 months after the effective date of the merger will be
returned by the exchange agent to Equity One. Thereafter, IRT
shareholders must look only to Equity One for payment of their
consideration on their IRT shares and they will have no greater
rights against Equity One than general creditors of Equity One
will have. Neither Equity One nor the exchange agent will be
liable to any former holder of a certificate representing IRT
common stock for any amount properly delivered to a public
official under any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar law.

Exchange of Certificates

As soon as possible after the completion of the
merger, Equity One or the exchange agent will send transmittal
materials to each former IRT shareholder that did not otherwise
make an election for merger consideration for use in exchanging
such shareholders IRT stock certificates for the merger
consideration. Cash, cash in lieu of fractional shares, shares
of Equity One common stock and any applicable dividends and
distributions will be delivered by the exchange agent to each
IRT shareholder who delivers such shareholders
certificates to the exchange agent. No interest will be paid on
any cash consideration, cash in lieu of fractional shares or
dividends or distributions that any holder is entitled to
receive.

Distributions in Respect of Unclaimed
    Certificates

No dividends or other distributions declared or
made with respect to shares of Equity One common stock after the
completion of the merger will be paid to the holder of any
unsurrendered IRT stock certificates. Upon surrender of the IRT
stock certificate, Equity One will pay to the holder, without
interest, any dividends or distributions with respect to such
shares of Equity One common stock that have become payable
between the effective time of the merger and the time of such
surrender.

Lost or Stolen Certificates

If any IRT stock certificates are lost, stolen or
destroyed, the person claiming such certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed must provide an appropriate affidavit to the
exchange agent in order to receive the merger consideration.
Equity One or the exchange agent may require the owner of the
lost, stolen or destroyed certificates to deliver a bond as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against Equity One
or the exchange agent with respect to any such certificates and
to deliver to Equity One or the exchange agent any other
documents or instruments necessary to evidence and effect the
exchange.

Withholding Taxes

Equity One and the exchange agent are entitled to
deduct and withhold all withholding and stock transfer taxes
from the shares of Equity One common stock, dividends,
distributions or cash otherwise payable to a



holder of IRT common stock. Any amounts withheld
will be treated as having been paid to the holder of the shares
of IRT common stock.

Treatment of IRT Options

Immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger, each outstanding IRT stock option, whether vested or
unvested, will constitute an option to acquire the number of
shares of Equity One common stock equal to the number of shares
of IRT common stock subject to the option immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger multiplied by the exchange
ratio of 0.9 shares (rounded up to the nearest whole share), at
an exercise price per share (increased to the nearest whole
cent) equal to the exercise price per share for IRT common stock
pursuant to such option immediately prior to the effective time
divided by 0.9. Unless provided by the underlying option, no
options will automatically vest solely as a result of the merger.

Representations and Warranties

Equity One and IRT have made representations and
warranties in the merger agreement, many of which are qualified
as to materiality or subject to matters disclosed by the
parties, and none of which survive the completion of the merger,
relating to, among other things:

 

the organization and qualification of themselves
    and their subsidiaries;

 

the authorization, execution, delivery and
    enforceability of the merger agreement and related matters;

 

their subsidiaries and their interests and
    investments in other companies;

 

their capital structures;

 

consents and regulatory approvals necessary to
    complete the merger;

 

that the transactions will not result in a
    violation of Equity Ones or IRTs organizational
    documents or the organizational documents of any of their
    subsidiaries, of any contracts to which Equity One or IRT is a
    party, or of any law, rule or regulation;

 

documents and financial statements filed with the
    SEC and the accuracy of information contained in those documents;

 

compliance with laws, required licenses and
    permits;

 

the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

 

the absence of adverse changes or events;

 

litigation;

 

tax and accounting matters, including
    qualification as a REIT;

 

employee benefit plans;

 

properties;

 

contracts;

 

the opinions received from financial advisors
    regarding the merger consideration;

 

brokers and finders fees;

 

the votes of shareholders required to approve the
    merger;

 

affiliate transactions;

 

insurance; and

 

the absence of material adverse effects.



In addition, the merger agreement also contains
representations and warranties made solely by IRT relating to:

 

environmental matters; and

 

amendment of IRTs shareholder rights
    agreement.

Covenants

During the period from the date of the merger
agreement until the earlier of the completion of the merger and
the termination of the merger agreement, Equity One and IRT each
agree as to itself and its subsidiaries to abide by the
following covenants, all of which may be waived by the other
party:

Ordinary Course of Business

The parties will:

 

carry on their business in the ordinary course;

 

use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve
    intact the present business organizations and assets;

 

keep available the services of the present
    officers and employees; and

 

preserve satisfactory relationships with
    customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with
    Equity One and IRT.

Dividends; Changes in Stock

The parties agreed that:

 

neither would declare or pay any dividends on or
    make any other distributions in respect of its capital stock
    except:

 

IRT may continue to pay regular quarterly
    dividends in an amount not to exceed $0.235 per IRT common share;

 

Equity One may continue to pay regular quarterly
    dividends;

 

IRT may pay the final dividend described above
    that IRT may be required to pay to preserve its REIT status
    pursuant to section 857(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code
    and Equity One may pay any corresponding dividend as described
    above;

 

neither would split, combine or reclassify or
    issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other
    securities in respect of, in lieu of, or in substitution for any
    shares of its capital stock; and

 

neither would redeem, repurchase or otherwise
    acquire for value any shares of its capital stock, other than in
    limited circumstances.

Issuance of Securities

None of the parties may issue, deliver or sell
any shares of any class or series of its capital stock, any
voting debt securities or any securities convertible into, or
exchangeable or exercisable for, any such shares of capital
stock or voting debt securities, other than:

In the case of Equity One:

 

shares of Equity One common stock or securities
    convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, Equity One
    common stock issued pursuant to an Equity One stock option plan
    or dividend reinvestment plan in effect at the time of the
    merger agreement;

 

shares of Equity One common stock issued upon the
    conversion or redemption of Equity One limited partnership units
    outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement;



 

additional Equity One limited partnership units
    or similar securities, provided that such securities are
    convertible or redeemable for Equity One common stock at a price
    not less than $13.30 per share;

 

shares of Equity One common stock issued in
    connection with any acquisition expressly permitted by the
    merger agreement at a price per share of not less than $13.30;

 

shares of Equity One common stock issued in
    connection with the concurrent private placement at a price not
    less than $13.30 per share;

 

shares of Equity One common stock issued to
    non-affiliates of Equity One at a price not less than $13.30 per
    share; and

 

shares of Equity One common stock issued to
    affiliates of Equity One at a price per share equal to the
    greater of the then-current fair market value of the shares of
    Equity One common stock and $13.30.

In the case of IRT:

 

up to 200,000 shares of IRT common stock or
    securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, 200,000 shares
    of IRT common stock, pursuant to IRT option plans in place at
    the time of the merger agreement;

 

shares of IRT common stock issued upon exercise
    of IRT stock options; and

 

shares of IRT common stock issued upon conversion
    or redemption of the limited partnership units of IRT Partners
    L.P., a subsidiary of IRT, outstanding on the date of the merger
    agreement.

Incurrence of Debt

None of the parties may incur, assume or
guarantee any additional debt, nor permit any liens on any of
their respective assets, other than:

 

in the case of Equity One, in connection with the
    financing of the aggregate cash consideration for the merger; and

 

in the case of both Equity One and IRT, ordinary
    course borrowings under existing lines of credit or as otherwise
    provided in the merger agreement.

However, Equity One and IRT may utilize their
respective bank lines of credit, incur other debt and enter into
interest rate protection agreements in connection with any asset
acquisition or disposition currently pending and disclosed
pursuant to the merger agreement or otherwise permitted by the
merger agreement, provided that the liens created thereby are
secured solely by the assets so acquired.

Governing Documents

None of the parties may change their respective
articles of incorporation, bylaws or any analogous
organizational or constituent instruments, except as necessary
to facilitate the merger or as otherwise provided in the merger
agreement.

No Solicitation

Prior to the effective time of the merger, none
of the parties may invite, initiate, solicit or encourage any
inquiries, proposals, discussions or negotiations or the making
or implementation of any announcement, proposal or offer with
respect to any of the following types of acquisition
proposals:

 

any merger, consolidation, business combination,
    reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or
    similar business transaction;

 

any sale, acquisition, tender offer, exchange
    offer, share exchange or other transaction that would result in
    the issuance, sale, exchange or transfer of 15% or more of the
    voting securities of the company; or



 

any sale, lease, mortgage, pledge, transfer or
    other disposition of assets that would result in a transfer of
    more than 20% of the assets of the company.

None of the parties nor their representatives may
engage in any discussions or negotiations with or provide any
confidential information to, any person relating to any such
acquisition proposal, enter into any letter of intent or
agreement relating to an acquisition proposal, or propose
publicly to do any of the foregoing, except as expressly
permitted in the merger agreement. If either Equity One or IRT
receives an acquisition proposal, any request for confidential
information, or any oral or written expression that discussions
or negotiations are sought, that party will notify the other,
including the identity of the party seeking such information or
negotiations and the details of any proposal received or
proposed.

Both Equity One and IRT may provide information
to or enter into discussions with any person making a bona fide
written acquisition proposal that was not invited, solicited or
encouraged if:

 

a majority of the board of such party determines
    in good faith, after consultation with legal counsel, that a
    failure to furnish information or engage in discussions would
    result in a breach of the fiduciary duties owed by the board;

 

such party complies with all of its obligations
    under the merger agreement;

 

such party provides appropriate notice to the
    other party prior to providing information or entering into
    discussions; and

 

such party enters into a customary
    confidentiality agreement with the person to whom the
    information is being provided or with whom the discussions are
    being held.

Standstill

Prior to the completion of the merger, Equity One
may not seek, offer or propose to effect or participate in any
acquisition of more than 4.99% of the outstanding voting
securities of IRT or any of its subsidiaries.

Limitations on Acquisitions and
    Dispositions

IRT. 
Other than
pending asset sales, acquisitions or financings disclosed
pursuant to the merger agreement, IRT may not purchase or
acquire or sell, lease, encumber or otherwise dispose of any
assets or properties, or otherwise make any proposal, enter into
any negotiations or discussions, solicit or purchase any shares
of capital stock or other equity and/or debt interests of any
other person, where the aggregate consideration is in excess of
$25 million.

Equity One. 
Other
than pending asset sales, acquisitions or financings disclosed
pursuant to the merger agreement, Equity One may not purchase or
acquire or sell, lease, encumber or otherwise dispose of any
assets or properties, or otherwise make any proposal, enter into
any negotiations or discussions, solicit or purchase any shares
of capital stock or other equity and/or debt interests of any
other person, where the aggregate consideration is in excess of
$100 million. In the case of purchases and acquisitions of
assets or properties by Equity One, any aggregate consideration
paid in excess of $50 million may not exceed an amount
equal to 200% of the aggregate net proceeds from the sales of
equity securities by Equity One subsequent to the signing of the
merger agreement as permitted by the merger agreement, excluding
the net proceeds from the private placement.



Additional Agreements

IRT Board Withdrawal Rights

In order to comply with its fiduciary duties, the
IRT board may withdraw or modify its recommendation of the
merger and recommend an alternative acquisition proposal so long
as:

 

IRT has complied with the non-solicitation
    provisions of the merger agreement;

 

IRT has provided Equity One with at least three
    business days prior written notice of its intent to
    withdraw, modify, amend or qualify its recommendation of the
    merger agreement or the merger;

 

in the case of a superior acquisition proposal
    made by a third party, Equity One has failed to provide a
    counter offer within three business days that is as favorable,
    both financially and generally, as the alternative acquisition
    proposal considered by the IRT Board; and

 

IRT has consequently terminated the merger
    agreement and paid the applicable break-up fees or expenses as
    discussed below.

In addition, on the fourth business day prior to
the special meeting, the IRT board of directors may withdraw,
qualify or modify its recommendation if:

 

the weighted average trading price per share of
    Equity One for the 30 previous trading days is less than $12.06;
    or

 

the weighted average trading price per share of
    Equity One for the three previous trading days is less than
    $11.00.

In the event IRTs board withdraws,
qualifies or modifies its recommendation on the fourth business
day prior to the special meeting because the weighted average
trading price per share of Equity One has dropped below the
thresholds described above, Equity One may cause IRT to proceed
with the IRT shareholders meeting or adjourn or postpone
the IRT shareholders meeting for up to 30 days in
order to permit Equity One to prepare, file and distribute any
amendments to this joint proxy statement/prospectus that may be
required to reflect the withdrawal of the IRT board of
directors recommendation. In this event, IRT would not be
permitted to terminate the merger agreement solely because its
board has withdrawn, qualified or modified its recommendation.

Consents and Approvals

Equity One and IRT will take all reasonable
actions necessary to comply with any legal requirements imposed
in connection with the merger. Equity One and its subsidiaries
and IRT and its subsidiaries will take all reasonable actions
necessary to obtain all consents, authorizations and approvals
required in connection with the merger agreement or the merger.

Employee Benefits

After the effective time of the merger, all
employees of IRT who are employed by Equity One will be entitled
to participate in the same manner as other similarly situated
employees of Equity One in any employee benefit plan.

Expenses

Except for any applicable break-up fees or
expenses owed if the merger agreement is terminated, Equity One
and IRT will generally pay their respective fees and expenses
associated with the merger and the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement.

Indemnification; Directors and
    Officers Insurance

After the effective time of the merger, Equity
One will indemnify the officers, directors, employees and agents
of IRT and its subsidiaries against claims and liabilities
arising because that person was an officer,



director, employee or agent of IRT to fullest
extent that IRT would have been permitted to indemnify such
person under the Georgia Business Corporations Code, its
articles of incorporation and bylaws. For a period of six years
following the merger, Equity One will maintain in effect a
directors and officers liability insurance policy
with Royal Sun Alliance containing terms and conditions at least
as favorable as those contained in IRTs directors
and officers liability insurance policy at the time the
merger agreement was executed.

Stock Exchange Listing

Prior to completion of the merger, Equity One
will use its commercially reasonable efforts to list the shares
of Equity One common stock to be issued in the merger on the New
York Stock Exchange.

Coordination of Dividends and
    Distributions

Equity One and IRT will coordinate the
declaration and payment of regular quarterly dividends for
Equity One common stock and IRT common stock and the record and
payment dates of each such that each dividend or distribution
will be made on the same date. Other than the final dividend
that may be paid by IRT immediately prior to completion of the
merger in order to maintain IRTs tax status and regularly
scheduled dividends, neither party will pay any additional
dividend to its stockholders or shareholders prior to the merger.

Regular quarterly dividends for IRT common stock
paid prior to the completion of the merger will not exceed
$0.235 per share, as adjusted for the partial or greater periods
of time since the prior record date. This limitation on IRT
quarterly dividends does not apply to any final IRT dividend
required by section 857(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code
for the taxable year of IRT ending at the effective time of the
merger.

Before the effective time of the merger, Equity
One will establish a dividend policy that provides that the
annual cash dividend per share of Equity One common stock
following the effective time of the merger will be at least
$1.08 payable quarterly, subject to available funds and
limitations imposed by law. Equity One will declare a cash
dividend of no less than $0.27 per share of Equity One common
stock on the first regular dividend record date following the
effective time of the merger.

Assumption of Employment
    Agreements

Equity One will assume the obligations of IRT
under employment agreements between IRT and certain of its key
employees.

Tax Matters; Tax Treatment of
    Reorganization

Equity One and IRT will cooperate in the
preparation, execution and filing of all tax returns or other
documents regarding any conveyance taxes payable in connection
with the merger. Equity One and IRT will use their commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the merger to qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code.

Election of New Director

Equity One will increase the size of its board of
directors by one director, and elect a new independent director,
selected by IRT and approved by Equity One, to fill the position
and to serve as a Class A director until 2005, which is the
next annual meeting at which Class A directors are being
elected generally.

Affiliate Agreements

Prior to the effective time of the merger, IRT
will provide Equity One with a list of affiliates of IRT (as
such term is defined by Rule 145 under the Securities Act
of 1933). IRT will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
deliver or cause to be delivered to Equity One on or before the
effective time of the merger, an affiliate agreement from each
of its affiliates in the form attached to the merger agreement,
that such affiliate will not sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any Equity One common stock issued to such affiliate



pursuant to the merger, except pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act or in
compliance with Rule 145 of the Securities Act or as
otherwise permitted by securities law. See The
Merger  Restriction on Resales by Affiliates.

Conditions to Each Partys Obligations to
Complete the Merger

The respective obligations of Equity One and IRT
to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of several conditions at or prior to the closing date, including:

 

the merger agreement and merger must have been
    approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a
    majority of the outstanding shares of Equity One common stock
    and IRT common stock;

 

all authorizations, consents or approvals of any
    governmental entity, which if not obtained would have a material
    adverse effect on either Equity One or IRT, must have been duly
    and timely filed and obtained;

 

the registration statement on Form S-4 of
    which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part must have
    become effective and must not be the subject of any stop order
    or similar proceedings, and all state securities law or
    blue sky permits or approvals must have been
    obtained;

 

no temporary restraining order, preliminary or
    permanent injunction or other similar order must have been
    issued by any court or governmental entity that remains in
    effect and prohibits or impairs the completion of the merger; and

 

the New York Stock Exchange must have approved
    the listing of the shares of Equity One common stock to be
    issued in connection with the merger

Except as may be waived in writing by IRT,
IRTs obligation to complete the merger is also subject to
the satisfaction of the following conditions:

 

the representations and warranties of Equity One
    in the merger agreement must be true and correct in all material
    respects as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the
    closing date;

 

Equity One must have performed in all material
    respects all obligations required to be performed by it under
    the merger agreement at or prior to the closing date;

 

IRT must have received a certificate executed on
    behalf of Equity One by Equity Ones chief executive
    officer and chief financial officer as to the truth of Equity
    Ones representations and warranties and the performance of
    Equity Ones obligations;

 

Equity One must have obtained all material
    consents or approvals required in connection with the merger;

 

IRT must have received a certificate of the chief
    executive officer of Equity One certifying that no event has
    occurred since the date of the merger agreement that would have
    a material adverse effect on Equity One;

 

IRT must have received an opinion of Greenberg
    Traurig, P.A., that, commencing with its taxable year ended
    December 31, 1997, Equity One has been organized and has
    operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification
    as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code and that, after giving
    effect to the merger, Equity Ones proposed method of
    operation will enable it to continue to qualify for taxation as
    a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code;

 

IRT must have received an opinion of Alston &
    Bird LLP, to the effect that the merger will qualify as a
    reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the
    Internal Revenue Code;

 

IRT must have received a certificate from the
    exchange agent certifying that the exchange agent has received
    the appropriate instructions and authorizations from Equity One
    to issue a sufficient number of shares of Equity One common
    stock in exchange for outstanding shares of IRT common stock and



that Equity One has deposited sufficient funds
    with the exchange agent to satisfy the total cash payments due
    from Equity One in connection with the merger;

 

the voting agreement, dated October 28,
    2002, between IRT and certain stockholders of Equity One, must
    continue to be in full force and effect; and

 

IRT must have received evidence to its reasonable
    satisfaction that not fewer than an aggregate of
    22.3 million shares of Equity One common stock will be
    issued in connection with the merger and the private placement,
    and that the private placement will have been completed at or
    before the effective time of the merger, to the extent necessary
    to accomplish the aggregate issuance of the 22.3 million
    shares.

Except as may be waived in writing by Equity One,
Equity Ones obligation to complete the merger is also
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

 

the representations and warranties of IRT in the
    merger agreement must be true and correct in all material
    respects as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the
    closing date;

 

IRT must have performed in all material respects
    all obligations required to be performed by it under the merger
    agreement at or prior to the closing date;

 

Equity One must have received a certificate
    executed on behalf of by IRTs chief executive officer and
    financial officer as to the truth of IRTs representations
    and warranties and the performance of IRTs obligations;

 

IRT must have obtained all material consents or
    approvals required in connection with the merger;

 

Equity One must have received a certificate of
    the chief executive officer of IRT certifying that no event has
    occurred since the date of the merger agreement that would have
    a material adverse effect on IRT;

 

Equity One must have received an opinion of
    Alston & Bird LLP, to the effect that, commencing with its
    taxable year ended December 31,1997, IRT has been organized
    and has operated in conformity with the requirements for
    qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code;

 

Equity One must have received an opinion of
    Greenberg Traurig, P.A., to the effect that, after giving effect
    to the merger, Equity Ones proposed method of operation
    will enable it to continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT
    under the Internal Revenue Code;

 

Equity One must have received an opinion of
    Greenberg Traurig, P.A., to the effect that the merger will
    qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
    Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

 

the voting agreement, dated as of
    October 28, 2002, between Equity One and certain
    shareholders of IRT, must continue to be in full force and
    effect;

 

IRT must have obtained consents from John-Mary
    Enterprises, Ltd., S.T. Henderson, and Column Financial, Inc.,
    approving the merger agreement, the merger and the transfers of
    certain properties and other interests by IRT; and

 

IRT must provide evidence to Equity One of the
    proper termination of management agreements between IRT and
    Auburn Center Associates, Ltd., and Stanford Station Partners,
    LP.



Termination; Break-Up Fee and
Expenses

Termination

Prior to the completion of the merger, whether
before or after approval of the merger by the holders of Equity
One common stock and IRT common stock, the merger agreement may
be terminated:

 

by either party if there has been a breach of a
    representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in the
    merger agreement or in either voting agreement by the other
    party which has not been or cannot be permanently cured within
    30 days following receipt of notice of such breach;

 

by either party if a permanent injunction or
    other order of a court or any rule, decree, statute, law,
    executive order or regulation has been enacted, preventing
    consummation of the merger, so long as the failure of the
    terminating party to comply with the merger agreement did not
    cause, or materially contribute to, such action;

 

by either party if the merger has not been
    completed prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on
    March 31, 2003, so long as the terminating partys
    failure to comply with any provision of the merger agreement has
    not caused or contributed to the merger not being completed by
    such date;

 

by either party if the stockholder approval of
    the merger and the merger agreement is not obtained from the
    Equity One stockholders, or the shareholder approval of the
    merger and the merger agreement is not obtained from IRT
    shareholders unless the party that failed to receive the
    required votes is in material breach of the merger agreement;

 

by IRT if:

(a) the IRT board withdraws, modifies,
    amends or qualifies in any manner adverse to Equity One its
    approval or recommendation of the merger or the merger agreement
    in connection with any acquisition proposal or approves or
    recommends any acquisition proposal;

(b) on the fourth business day before the
    special meeting, the IRT board withdraws, modifies, amends or
    qualifies its approval or recommendation of the merger or the
    merger agreement because the weighted average trading price per
    share of Equity One for the 30 preceding trading days is less
    than $12.06, or the weighted average trading price per share of
    Equity One for the three preceding trading days is less than
    $11.00, and Equity One fails to advise IRT within 48 hours of
    such withdrawal, amendment, modification or qualification that
    it elects to require IRT to proceed with or otherwise adjourn
    its shareholders meeting; or

(c) IRT decides to enter into a binding
    written agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal; or

 

by Equity One if:

(a) the IRT board fails to recommend,
    withdraws, modifies or qualifies its recommendation, or publicly
    proposes not to recommend or to withdraw, modify, amend or
    qualify, in any manner adverse to Equity One, its approval or
    recommendation of the merger and the merger agreement to
    IRTs shareholders in connection with an acquisition
    proposal, approves or recommends an acquisition proposal, or
    resolves to do any of the foregoing; or

(b) after an announcement or receipt by IRT
    of an acquisition proposal, IRT fails to call the IRT
    shareholders meeting in accordance with the merger
    agreement or to prepare and mail to its shareholders the joint
    proxy statement in accordance with the merger agreement.

Break-Up Fee and Expenses

If the merger agreement is terminated pursuant to
a breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement,
the breaching party must pay to the other party (provided that
the non-terminating party was not entitled to terminate the
merger agreement pursuant to a similar breach at the time of
termination) up to $1.5 million of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the non-breaching party.



In addition, IRT must pay to Equity One a
break-up fee in the amount of $15 million for any of the
following reasons:

 

if IRT terminates the merger agreement because
    the IRT board has withdrawn, modified, amended or qualified in
    any manner adverse to Equity One its approval or recommendation
    of the merger or the merger agreement in connection with any
    acquisition proposal or the IRT board approves or recommends an
    acquisition proposal (except if the IRT board has taken such
    action on the fourth business day before the special meeting
    because Equity Ones stock price has fallen below specified
    thresholds);

 

if IRT terminates the merger agreement in order
    to enter into a binding written agreement with respect to an
    acquisition proposal; or

 

if Equity One terminates the merger agreement
    because the IRT board has withdrawn, modified, amended or
    qualified in any manner adverse to Equity One its approval or
    recommendation (except if the IRT board has taken such action on
    the fourth business day before the special meeting because
    Equity Ones stock price has fallen below specified
    thresholds) or, after an announcement or receipt by IRT of an
    acquisition proposal, IRT has failed to call the IRT
    shareholders meeting.

In addition, if an alternative acquisition
proposal shall have been received by IRT prior to the
termination of the merger agreement and IRT subsequently
completes that alternative acquisition proposal or another
acquisition proposal within 12 months after such termination,
then IRT must pay to Equity One a break-up fee of
$15 million if:

 

IRT had terminated the merger agreement because a
    permanent injunction or other order of a court or any rule,
    decree, statute, law, executive order or regulation had been
    enacted, preventing consummation of the merger;

 

IRT had terminated the merger agreement because
    the merger was not completed prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time,
    on March 31, 2003 and the reason the merger had not been
    completed primarily resulted from action or inaction of IRT or
    any of its subsidiaries;

 

either IRT or Equity One had terminated the
    merger agreement because the shareholders of IRT did not approve
    the merger and the merger agreement; or

 

either IRT or Equity One had terminated the
    merger agreement because the IRT board withdrew, modified,
    amended or qualified its recommendation of the merger on the
    fourth business day before the special meeting because the
    weighted average trading price per share of Equity One for the
    30 preceding trading days is less than $12.06 or the weighted
    average trading price per share of Equity One for the three
    preceding trading days is less than $11.00.

If an alternative acquisition proposal shall not
have been received by IRT prior to the termination of the merger
agreement or IRT does not subsequently complete that alternative
acquisition proposal or another acquisition proposal within
12 months after such termination, then IRT is not required
to pay Equity One a break-up fee if the merger agreement has
been terminated for any of the reasons in the four preceding
bullet points. Furthermore, IRT is not required to pay Equity
One a break-up fee if the merger agreement is terminated for any
other circumstance not specifically mentioned above.

Amendment and Waiver

Equity One and IRT may amend the merger agreement
by action taken or authorized by their respective boards, at any
time before or after the approval of the merger or the merger
agreement, but, after approval of the merger agreement by the
Equity One stockholders and IRT shareholders, no amendment may
be made that by law requires further approval by the
stockholders of Equity One or shareholders of IRT without such
further approval.



At any time prior to the completion of the
merger, Equity One and IRT may, by action taken or authorized by
their respective boards and to the extent legally permissible:

 

extend the time for the performance of any of the
    obligations or other acts of the other party required by the
    merger agreement;

 

waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
    warranties contained in the merger agreement or in any document
    delivered in connection with the merger agreement; and

 

waive compliance with any of the agreements or
    conditions of the other party contained in the merger agreement.

Extensions or waivers must be in writing and
signed by the party granting the extension or waiver.



COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER AND SHAREHOLDER
RIGHTS

The following is a summary of the material
differences between the rights of Equity One stockholders and
the rights of IRT shareholders. As a Maryland corporation,
Equity One is subject to the Maryland General Corporation Law,
or the MGCL. As a Georgia corporation, IRT is subject to the
Georgia Business Corporation Code, or the GBCC.

The following discussion is not intended to be
complete and is qualified by reference to the charter and bylaws
of Equity One and the articles of incorporation and bylaws of
IRT and the applicable state law. The charter and bylaws of
Equity One and IRT are incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, and will be sent to the stockholders
of Equity One and the shareholders of IRT upon request. See
Where You Can Find More Information beginning on
page 121.

Authorized Shares

Equity One.
 Equity
One is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock,
$0.01 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, $0.01 par value per share.

Pursuant to the Equity One charter, the board of
directors may, without stockholder approval, amend the charter
to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock
or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that
Equity One is authorized to issue. In addition, the Equity One
charter authorizes the board of directors to reclassify
authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock.

As of December 23, 2002 there were
34,573,146 shares of Equity One common stock issued and
outstanding and no shares of Equity One preferred stock issued
and outstanding.

IRT.
 IRT is
authorized to issue 150,000,000 shares of common stock,
$1.00 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, $1.00 par value per share.

Unlike Equity One, the IRT board of directors may
not amend the articles of incorporation without shareholder
approval to increase or decrease the number of shares that IRT
is authorized to issue. Pursuant to the GBCC, the IRT
shareholders must approve by a majority of the votes entitled to
be cast, any amendment of the articles to increase or decrease
the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares
of stock of any class or series that IRT is authorized to issue.

As of December 23, 2002, there were
34,229,136 shares of IRT common stock issued and
outstanding and no shares of IRT preferred stock issued and
outstanding.

Voting Rights

Equity One.
 Each
holder of Equity One common stock is entitled to one vote per
share and to the same voting rights as other holders of Equity
One common stock. Holders of Equity One common stock do not have
cumulative voting rights. The voting rights, if any, of any
series of preferred stock, would be set by the board of Equity
One and described in the applicable articles supplementary,
classifying and designating such series.

IRT. 
Each holder of
IRT common stock is entitled to one vote per share and to the
same voting rights as other holders of IRT common stock. Holders
of IRT common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. The
voting rights, if any, of any series of preferred stock of IRT
would be set by the board of directors of IRT and stated and
expressed in a resolution regarding the issuance of such
preferred stock.

Classification of the Board

Equity One. 
The MGCL
permits a Maryland corporation to divide its board of directors
into classes with staggered terms of office so long as the term
of office of at least one class expires each year. The Equity
One bylaws divide the Equity One board of directors into three
classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, with classes
being elected to three year terms on a rotating basis. As a
result, it generally is not possible to elect a majority of
Equity Ones directors in any single year. This staggering
of Equity Ones board may



discourage offers to purchase Equity One or make
an acquisition of Equity One more difficult, even where an
acquisition is in the best interest of Equity Ones
stockholders.

IRT. 
The GBCC
permits a Georgia corporation to divide its board of directors
into classes with staggered terms of office. However, the IRT
board of directors is not classified and does not serve for
staggered terms.

Number of Directors; Removal of Directors;
Vacancies

Equity One. 
The
Equity One charter and bylaws provide that the board of
directors may increase or decrease the number of directors
provided that the number thereof may never be less than the
minimum number required by the MGCL nor more than 15.

Pursuant to the Equity One charter, subject to
the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of
preferred stock to elect or remove one or more directors, any
and all directors may be removed from office at any time, but
only for cause, and by an affirmative vote of at least
two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the
election of directors. Equity Ones charter defines
cause to mean, with respect to any particular
director, the conviction of a felony or a final judgment of a
court of competent jurisdiction holding that the director caused
demonstrable, material harm to Equity One through bad faith or
active and deliberate dishonesty.

Under the Equity One bylaws, any vacancy on the
board of directors for any reason other than an increase in the
number of directors will be filled by a majority of the
remaining directors, even if such majority is less than a
quorum. Any vacancy on the board of directors created by an
increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority
vote of the entire board of directors. Any individual so elected
as a director will hold office until the next annual meeting of
stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and
qualifies.

These provisions preclude Equity Ones
stockholders from removing incumbent directors, except for cause
and upon a substantial affirmative vote, and from filling the
vacancies with their own nominees.

IRT. 
The IRT
articles and bylaws provide that the board of directors may
increase or decrease the number of directors by amendment of the
bylaws provided that the number of directors who constitute the
whole board are no fewer than three and no greater than 15.
Directors are elected by plurality vote at the annual meeting of
shareholders.

Pursuant to the IRT bylaws, any director may be
removed from office, with or without cause, by the vote of
shareholders representing a majority of the issued and
outstanding capital stock entitled to vote for the election of
directors. A successor may be elected at the same meeting or any
subsequent meeting of the shareholders, but if the vacancy is
not filled within 60 days following the removal, it will be
filled by the majority vote of the remaining directors.

Under the IRT bylaws, any vacancy on the board of
directors for any reason other than the removal of a director
may be filled by a majority of directors then in office, even if
such majority is less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director. A director so chosen may hold office until the next
annual election and until a successor is elected and qualified.

Limitation of Director and Officer
Liability

Equity One.
 The MGCL
permits a corporation to include in its charter any provision
expanding or limiting the liability of its directors and
officers to the corporation or its stockholders for money
damages, but prohibits the inclusion of any provision which
restricts or limits the liability of its directors or officers
to the corporation or its stockholders to the extent that:

 

it is proven that the person actually received an
    improper benefit or profit in money, property or services, for
    the amount of the benefit or profit in money, property or
    services actually received; or



 

a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to
    the person is entered in a proceeding based on a finding that
    the persons action, or failure to act, was the result of
    active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause
    of action adjudicated in the proceeding.

The Equity One charter provides that, to the
maximum extent that the MGCL permits, no director or officer of
Equity One will be liable to Equity One or to any stockholder
for money damages.

IRT. 
The GBCC allows
a corporation to include in its articles of incorporation a
provision eliminating or limiting the liability of a director to
the corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for any
action taken, or any failure to take any action, except
liability:

 

for any misappropriation of a business
    opportunity of the corporation;

 

for acts or omissions of the director not in good
    faith or involving intentional misconduct or a knowing violation
    of the law;

 

for liability arising from unlawful
    distributions; or

 

for any transaction from which the director
    received an improper personal benefit.

The IRT articles provide that director liability
for monetary damages is limited to the fullest extent permitted
by the GBCC, as amended.

Indemnification

Equity One. 
Maryland
law requires Equity One, unless its charter provides otherwise,
which it does not, to indemnify a director or officer who has
been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he or
she is made a party by reason of his or her service in that
capacity. The MGCL allows a corporation to indemnify any person
who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action or suit or proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by
reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee,
partner, trustee, or agent of another foreign or domestic
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other
enterprise, unless it is established that:

 

the act or omission was material to the matter
    giving rise to the proceeding and either was committed in bad
    faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty;

 

the person actually received an improper personal
    benefit in money, property or services; or

 

in the case of any criminal proceeding, the
    person had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission
    was unlawful.

Under the MGCL, indemnification may be provided
against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable
expenses actually incurred by the person in connection with the
proceeding. If the proceeding is one by or in the right of the
corporation, indemnification may not be provided as to any
proceeding in which the person is found liable to the
corporation. The indemnification may be provided, however, only
if authorized for a specific proceeding after a determination
has been made that indemnification is permissible in the
circumstances because the person met the applicable standard of
conduct. This determination is required to be made:

 

by the board of directors by a majority vote of a
    quorum consisting of directors not, at the time, parties to the
    proceeding;

 

if a quorum cannot be obtained, then by a
    majority vote of a committee of the board consisting solely of
    two or more directors not, at the time, parties to the
    proceeding;

 

by special legal counsel; or

 

by the stockholders.



A court may order indemnification if it
determines that the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnification, even though the proscribed standard of conduct
is not met or such person may be adjudged liable in connection
with a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation, in
which case indemnification is limited to expenses.

A Maryland corporation may pay, before final
disposition, the reasonable expenses, including attorneys
fees, incurred by a director, officer, employee or agent in
defending a proceeding. Under the MGCL, expenses may be advanced
to a director, officer, employee or agent when the director,
officer, employee or agent presents the corporation with a
written affirmation of his or her good faith belief that the
standard of conduct necessary for indemnification was met and
gives a written undertaking to the corporation to repay the
amounts advanced if it is ultimately determined that the
standard of conduct was not met. The MGCL does not require that
the undertaking be secured and the undertaking may be accepted
without reference to the financial ability of the director or
officer to repay the advance. A Maryland corporation is required
to indemnify any director who has been successful, on the merits
or otherwise, in defense of a proceeding for reasonable
expenses. The determination as to reasonableness of expenses is
required to be made in the same manner as required for
indemnification.

Under the MGCL, the indemnification and
advancement of expenses provided by statute are not exclusive of
any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or
advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw,
agreement, vote of stockholders, vote of directors or otherwise.

The Equity One bylaws require the corporation to
indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by the MGCL and,
without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate
entitlement to indemnification, reasonable expenses in advance
of final disposition of a proceeding to:

 

any individual who is a present or former
    director or officer of Equity One and who is made a party to the
    proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity; or

 

any individual who, while a director of Equity
    One and at the request of Equity One, serves or has served
    another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership,
    joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other
    enterprise as a director, officer, partner, managing member or
    trustee of such entity and who is made a party to the proceeding
    by reason of his or her service in that capacity.

Equity One may, with the approval of its board of
directors, provide such indemnification and advance expenses to
a person who served a predecessor of Equity One in any of the
capacities described in the two clauses above and to any
employee or agent of Equity One or a predecessor of Equity One.

IRT. 
The GBCC
requires a corporation to indemnify a director or officer who
has been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he
or she is made a party by reason of his or her service in that
capacity. The GBCC allows a corporation to indemnify an
individual who is a party to a proceeding because he or she is
or was a director against liability incurred in the proceeding
if such individual conducted himself or herself in good faith
and such individual reasonably believed:

 

in the case of conduct in his or her official
    capacity, that such conduct was in the best interests of the
    corporation;

 

in all other cases, that such conduct was at
    least not opposed to the best interests of the corporation; and

 

in the case of any criminal proceeding, that the
    individual had no reasonable cause to believe that the conduct
    was unlawful.

A corporation may not indemnify a director under
the GBCC:

 

in connection with a proceeding by or in the
    right of the corporation, except for reasonable expenses
    incurred in connection with the proceeding if it is determined
    that the director has met the relevant standard of conduct under
    the GBCC; or



 

in connection with any proceeding with respect to
    conduct for which he or she was adjudged liable on the basis
    that personal benefit was improperly received by him or her,
    whether or not involving action in his or her official capacity.

The termination of a proceeding by judgment,
order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of no
contest or its equivalent, is not determinative that the
director did not meet the applicable standard of conduct.

Under the GBCC, indemnification may be provided
against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable
expenses actually incurred by the person in connection with the
proceeding. The indemnification may be provided, however, only
if authorized for a specific proceeding after a determination
has been made that indemnification is permissible in the
circumstances because the person met the applicable standard of
conduct. This determination is required to be made:

 

if there are two or more disinterested directors,
    by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum
    consisting of directors not, at the time, parties to the
    proceeding or related to, personally, professionally or
    otherwise, parties to the proceeding, or if a quorum cannot be
    obtained, then by a majority vote of a committee of the board
    consisting solely of two or more directors not, at the time,
    parties to the proceeding or related to, personally,
    professionally or otherwise, parties to the proceeding;

 

by special legal counsel; or

 

by the shareholders.

A court may order indemnification if it
determines that the director is entitled to indemnification
under the GBCC or is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnification, even though the proscribed standard of conduct
is not met or the director or officer is adjudged liable in
connection with a proceeding by or in the right of the
corporation, in which case indemnification will be limited to
reasonable expenses.

A Georgia corporation may pay, before final
disposition of a proceeding, the reasonable expenses, including
attorneys fees, incurred by a director in defending a
proceeding to which the director is made a party by virtue of
his or her position. Under the GBCC, reasonable expenses may be
advanced to a director or officer when the director or officer
provides the corporation with a written affirmation of his or
her good faith belief that he has met the relevant standard of
conduct and gives an undertaking to the corporation to repay the
amounts advanced if it is ultimately determined that he or she
is not entitled to indemnification. The GBCC does not require
that the undertaking be secured and the undertaking may be
accepted without reference to the financial ability of the
director or officer to repay the advance. Authorizations to
advance expenses may be made by the majority vote of all
disinterested directors or by the disinterested shareholders. A
Georgia corporation is required to indemnify any director who
has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defense of a
proceeding for reasonable expenses. The determination as to
reasonableness of expenses is required to be made in the same
manner as required for indemnification.

Under the GBCC, the indemnification and
advancement of expenses provided by statute are not exclusive of
any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or
advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw,
agreement, vote of shareholders, vote of directors or otherwise.

A Georgia corporation may provide for
indemnification and advancement of expenses to an officer,
employee or agent of the corporation in its articles of
incorporation or its bylaws, by action of its board of directors
or by contract.

The IRT articles provide for indemnification for
directors, officers, employees and agents to the same extent and
under the same circumstances as the GBCC provisions outlined
above.

Statutory Takeover Provisions

Business Combinations with Interested
    Security Holders

Equity One. 
The
Maryland Business Combination Act provides that, unless
exempted, a Maryland corporation may not engage in business
combinations, including mergers, dispositions of 10% or more of
its assets, issuances of shares and other specified
transactions, with an interested stockholder or its
affiliates,



for five years after the most recent date on
which the interested stockholder became an interested
stockholder. Thereafter, unless the stockholders receive a
minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, or an exemption is
available, a business combination with an interested stockholder
or its affiliates must be recommended by the board of directors
and approved by at least 80% of the outstanding voting shares
and at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares
entitled to be cast, other than voting shares held by the
interested stockholder or any of its affiliates. Under the
statute, an interested stockholder generally is
defined to mean a person or group which owns beneficially,
directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting power of the
corporations shares or an affiliate or an associate of the
corporation who, at any time within the two year period prior to
the date in question, was the beneficial owner of ten percent or
more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of
the corporation. A person is not an interested stockholder under
the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the
transaction by which he or she otherwise would have become an
interested stockholder. These requirements do not apply to a
business combination with an interested stockholder or its
affiliates if the business combination is exempted by the board
of directors before the time the interested stockholder first
became an interested stockholder.

By resolution of its board of directors, Equity
One exempted business combinations between it and any of its
officers or directors or any affiliate of its officers or
directors. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the
super-majority vote requirements set forth in the Maryland
Business Combinations Act will not apply to those business
combinations.

The business combination statute may discourage
others from trying to acquire control of Equity One and increase
the difficulty of consummating any offer with respect to
business combinations.

IRT. 
Under the GBCC,
certain business combinations, including mergers,
consolidations, share exchanges and asset purchases with
interested shareholders are prohibited for five
years from the time that a person becomes an interested
shareholder unless:

 

the combination was approved before the
    shareholder became an interested shareholder;

 

the shareholder became an interested shareholder
    in a transaction in which the shareholder became the beneficial
    owner of at least 90% of the voting stock of the corporation
    outstanding at the time; or

 

subsequent to becoming an interested shareholder,
    such shareholder acquired additional shares resulting in the
    interested shareholder being the beneficial owner of at least
    90% of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation.

In addition, the GBCC requires special procedures
for approval by the board of directors of a business combination
unless, among other conditions, the Georgia corporations
common shareholders receive a minimum price, as defined in the
GBCC, for their shares and the consideration is received in cash
or in the same form as previously paid by the interested
shareholder for its shares. See  Fair Price
Requirements below for a more complete description of this
requirement.

Under its bylaws, IRT has adopted the provisions
of the GBCC regarding business combinations with interested
shareholders in their entirety.

Control Share Acquisitions

Equity One. 
The
Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act provides that shares of a
Maryland corporation that are acquired in a control share
acquisition, which is defined as the acquisition, directly
or indirectly, of shares comprising one-tenth or more, but less
than one-third, one-third or more, but less than a majority, or
a majority or more of all voting shares, have no voting rights
except:

 

if approved by stockholders by the affirmative
    vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the
    matter, excluding shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or
    by directors who are employees of the corporation; or

 

if the acquisition of the shares has been
    approved or exempted at any time before the acquisition of the
    shares.



Control shares do not include shares the
acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having
previously obtained stockholder approval.

A person who has made or proposes to make a
control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of
the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be
held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights
of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special
meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions,
including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If
no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself
present the question at any stockholders meeting.

If voting rights are not approved at the meeting
or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person
statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may
redeem at fair value any or all of the control shares, except
those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The
right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to
certain conditions and limitations. Fair value is determined,
without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control
shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by
the acquiror or of any meeting of stockholders at which the
voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved. If
voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders
meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of
the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise
appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for
purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest
price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share
acquisition.

The control share acquisition statute does not
apply to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share
exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or to
acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of
the corporation. The bylaws of Equity One contain a provision
exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all
acquisitions by any person of Equity Ones shares of stock.
There can be no assurance that this provision will not be
amended or eliminated at any time in the future.

IRT. 
Neither the
GBCC nor IRTs articles or bylaws address the voting rights
of control shares.

MGCL 1999 Amendments

Equity One. 
The MGCL
provides protection for Maryland corporations against
unsolicited takeovers by protecting the board of directors with
regard to actions taken in a takeover context. The MGCL provides
that the duties of directors will not require them to:

 

accept, recommend, or respond to any proposal by
    a person seeking to acquire control;

 

authorize the corporation to redeem any rights
    under, modify or render inapplicable, a stockholders
    rights plan;

 

make a determination under the Maryland Business
    Combination Act or the Control Share Acquisition Act, as
    described above in  Business Combinations with
    Interested Security Holders and in
     Control Share Acquisitions;

 

elect to be subject to any or all of the
    elective provisions described below; or

 

act or fail to act solely because of:

 

the effect the act or failure to act may have on
    an acquisition or potential acquisition of control; or

 

the amount or type of consideration that may be
    offered or paid to stockholders in an acquisition.

The MGCL also establishes a statutory presumption
that the act of a director satisfies the required standard of
care. In the case of a Maryland corporation, a director must
perform his or her duties in good faith, in a manner the
director believes is in the best interests of the corporation
and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like
position would use under similar circumstances. In addition, an
act of a director relating to or affecting an acquisition or a
potential acquisition of control is not subject under the MGCL
to a higher duty or greater scrutiny than is applied to any
other act of a director. This provision creates a Maryland rule
which is less exacting than case law in many other
jurisdictions, such as in Georgia which is applicable to IRT,
which impose an enhanced level of scrutiny on a boards
actions in the context of a change of control of



the company and when a board implements
anti-takeover measures in a change of control context, and
shifts the burden of proof to directors to show that they
complied with their fiduciary duties.

Maryland legislation enacted in 1999 allows
publicly held Maryland corporations to elect to be governed by
all or any part of Maryland law provisions relating to
extraordinary actions and unsolicited takeovers. The election to
be governed by one or more of these provisions can be made by a
Maryland corporation in its charter or bylaws or by resolution
adopted by the board of directors, without a vote of the
stockholders, so long as the corporation has at least three
directors who, at the time of electing to be subject to the
provisions, are not:

 

officers or employees of the corporation;

 

persons seeking to acquire control of the
    corporation;

 

directors, officers, affiliates or associates of
    any person seeking to acquire control; or

 

nominated or designated as directors by a person
    seeking to acquire control.

Articles supplementary must be filed with the
State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland if a
Maryland corporation elects to be subject to any or all of the
provisions by board resolution or bylaw amendment. Stockholder
approval is not required for the filing of articles
supplementary.

The MGCL provides that a corporation can elect to
be subject to all or any portion of the following provisions
notwithstanding any contrary provisions contained in the
corporations existing charter or bylaws:

 

Classified Board:

    The corporation may divide its board into three classes which,
    to the extent possible, will have the same number of directors,
    the terms of which will expire at the third annual meeting of
    stockholders after the election of each such class.

 

Two-Thirds Stockholder Vote to Remove
    Directors only for Cause:
 The
    stockholders may remove any director, as applicable, only by the
    affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes
    entitled to be cast by the stockholders generally in the
    election of directors, but a director may not be removed without
    cause.

 

Size of Board Fixed by Vote of
    Board:
 The number of directors, as
    applicable, will be fixed only by resolution of the board.

 

Board Vacancies Filled by the Board for the
    Remaining Term:
 Vacancies that result
    from an increase in the size of the board, or the death,
    resignation, or removal of a trustee or director, may be filled
    only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining
    directors even if they do not constitute a quorum. Directors
    elected to fill vacancies will hold office for the remainder of
    the full term of the class of trustees or directors in which the
    vacancy occurred, as opposed to until the next annual meeting of
    stockholders, and until a successor is elected and qualified.

 

Stockholder Calls of Special
    Meetings:
 Special meetings of
    stockholders will be called by the secretary of the corporation
    only upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast
    at least a majority of all votes entitled to be cast at the
    meeting.

Equity One has not elected to be governed by the
specific provisions of the 1999 legislation. However, even prior
to the 1999 legislation, the Equity One charter and/or bylaws,
as applicable, already provided for a classified board and that
the number of directors be determined by a resolution of the
board, subject to a minimum and maximum number, that directors
can only be removed by stockholders for cause and upon a vote of
at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast and
special meetings of stockholders will be called by the secretary
of Equity One only upon the written request of stockholders
entitled to cast at least a majority of all votes entitled to be
cast at the meeting.

IRT. 
The GBCC does
not provide for similar provisions as the MGCL 1999 Amendments.



Fair Price Requirements

Equity One. 
As
mentioned above, the supermajority vote requirements of the
Maryland Business Combination Act do not apply if the
corporations common stockholders receive a minimum price,
as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of
cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid
by the interested stockholders for his, her or its shares.

IRT. 
In 1998, IRT
adopted amendments to its bylaws to provide that IRT would be
subject to the Fair Price Requirements of the GBCC.
The Fair Price Requirements of the GBCC require that a business
combination:

 

be unanimously approved by the continuing
    directors, provided that the continuing directors constitute at
    least three members of the board at the time of the approval; or

 

recommended by at least two thirds of the
    continuing directors and approved by a majority of the votes
    entitled to be cast by shareholders.

The Fair Price Requirements except from such
voting requirements any business combination meeting certain
fair price criteria as established in the GBCC. In
general, the Fair Price Requirements provide that in a two-step
business combination, the interested shareholder must pay the
shareholders in the second step either the same amount of cash
or the same amount and type of consideration paid to acquire the
corporations shares in the first step.

The purpose of these fair price
requirements is to protect IRTs shareholders from a
freeze-out merger at an inadequate price.

Stockholder or Shareholder Requested Special
Meetings

Equity One. 
The
Equity One bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders
may be called by the board of directors, the president, or the
chief executive officer. Special meetings of the stockholders
may also be called by the secretary of the corporation upon the
written request of the holders of shares entitled to cast not
less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the
meeting.

IRT. 
The IRT bylaws
provide that special meetings of shareholders may be called by
the president or the secretary when so directed by the board of
directors or at the request in writing of shareholders owning at
least 25% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the
corporation entitled to vote on the matter.

Stockholder or Shareholder Action by Written
Consent

Equity One. 
The MGCL
provides for stockholder action by unanimous written consent.

IRT. 
The IRT bylaws
provide that any action required or permitted to be taken at any
meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting only
if all of the shareholders consent unanimously in writing.

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder or
Shareholder Nominations and Stockholder or Shareholder New
Business Proposals

Equity One. 
The
Equity One bylaws require advance written notice for
stockholders to nominate a director or bring other business
before a meeting of stockholders.

For an annual meeting, a stockholder must deliver
notice to the secretary of Equity One not later than the close
of business on the 60th day nor earlier than the close of
business on the 90th day before the first anniversary of the
preceding years annual meeting. However, if the date of
the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or
delayed by more than 60 days from the applicable
anniversary date of the prior years annual meeting, or the
meeting is a special meeting of stockholders at which directors
will be elected, notice of a director nomination by a
stockholder must be given not earlier than the close of business
on the 90th day before the meeting and not later than the close
of business on the later of the 60th day before the meeting or
the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of
the date of the meeting is first made by Equity One.



The Equity One bylaws contain detailed
requirements for the contents of stockholder notices of director
nominations and new business proposals.

IRT. 
The IRT
articles and bylaws do not require advance written notice for
shareholders to nominate a director or bring other business
before a meeting of shareholders.

Amendment of the Equity One Charter and the
IRT Articles of Incorporation

Equity One. 
In order
to amend the Equity One charter, the affirmative vote of a
majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the matter is
required. However, in order to amend the sections of the charter
regarding board power to terminate REIT status, removal of
directors and voting requirements to amend the charter, an
affirmative shareholder vote of two-thirds of all the votes
entitled to be cast on the matter is required.

IRT. 
The IRT
articles may be amended by the board of directors with respect
to certain routine matters as specified in the GBCC or in all
other cases by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of IRT entitled to vote on the matter.

Amendment of the Equity One and IRT
Bylaws

Equity One. 
The
Equity One bylaws provide that the board of directors has the
exclusive power to adopt, alter, or repeal any provisions of the
bylaws and to make new bylaws.

IRT. 
The IRT
articles and bylaws provide that the board of directors has the
power to alter, amend or repeal the IRT bylaws or adopt new
bylaws by majority vote of all of the directors. However, any
new bylaws adopted by the board of directors may be altered,
amended or repealed and new by laws adopted, by the shareholders
by majority vote of all shares have voting power.

Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of
Assets

Equity One. 
Under
the MGCL, for Equity One to be a party to a consolidation,
merger, share exchange or transfer of assets its directors must
adopt a resolution declaring the proposed transaction advisable
on substantially the terms and conditions set forth in the
resolution and direct that the proposed transaction be submitted
for consideration at either an annual or special meeting of the
stockholders. Notice which states that the purpose of the
meeting will be to act on the proposed consolidation, merger,
share exchange or transfer of assets must be provided to each
stockholder entitled to vote on the proposed transaction and to
each stockholder not entitled to vote on the proposed
transaction, except the stockholders of a successor in a merger
if the merger does not alter the contract rights of their stock
as expressly provided in the charter.

Under the MGCL, a proposed consolidation, merger,
share exchange or transfer of assets must be approved by the
affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to vote
on the matter, unless a greater or lesser proportion of votes,
but not less than a majority of all votes entitled to be cast,
is specified in the charter. The Equity One charter reduces the
vote requirement to a majority of the votes entitled to be cast
on the matter.

However, approval of a merger by stockholders is
not required if:

 

the merger does not reclassify or change the
    terms of any class or series of stock that is outstanding
    immediately before the merger becomes effective or otherwise
    amend its charter and the number of shares of its stock of such
    class or series outstanding immediately after the effective time
    of the merger does not increase by more than 20% of the number
    of its shares of the class or series of stock that is
    outstanding immediately before the merger becomes effective; or

 

there is no stock outstanding or subscribed for
    and entitled to be voted on the merger.

Under these circumstances, the MGCL provides that
a majority vote of the entire board of directors is sufficient
for approval.



IRT. 
Under the GBCC,
a proposed merger or share exchange must be recommended by the
board of directors to the shareholders and approved by the
affirmative vote of:

 

a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast
    on the plan by all shares entitled to vote on the plan, voting
    as a single voting group; and

 

a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast
    by holders of the shares of each voting group entitled to vote
    separately on the plan as a voting group pursuant to the
    articles of incorporation.

However, action by the shareholders of the
surviving corporation on a plan of merger is not required if:

 

the articles of incorporation of the surviving
    corporation will not differ from its articles before the merger;

 

each share of stock of the surviving corporation
    outstanding immediately before the effective date of the merger
    is to be an identical outstanding or reacquired share
    immediately after the merger; and

 

the number and kind of shares outstanding
    immediately after the merger, plus the number and kind of shares
    issuable as a result of the merger and by the conversion of
    securities issued pursuant to the merger, or the exercise of
    rights and warrants issued pursuant to the merger, will not
    exceed the total number and kind of shares of the surviving
    corporation authorized by its articles of incorporation
    immediately before the merger.

A Georgia corporation may, without shareholder
approval:

 

sell, lease, exchange or otherwise dispose of all
    or substantially all of its property if the corporation is
    insolvent or if the corporation was incorporated for purposes of
    liquidating such property or assets;

 

mortgage, pledge or otherwise encumber any or all
    of the assets of the corporation;

 

transfer any or all of its property to a
    corporation all the shares of which are owned by the
    corporation; or

 

sell, lease, exchange or otherwise dispose of
    less than all or substantially all of its property.

The sale, lease, exchange or other disposal of
all or substantially all of a corporations property must
be recommended by its board of directors and approved by a
majority of all votes entitled to be cast on such matter.

Dissolution of Equity One or IRT; Termination
of REIT Status

Equity One. 
Under
the MGCL, Equity One may be dissolved if its board of directors
adopts a resolution which declares that dissolution is advisable
and directs that the proposed dissolution be submitted for
consideration at either an annual or special meeting of the
stockholders. Notice which states that a purpose of the meeting
will be to act on the proposed dissolution must be given to each
stockholder entitled to vote on the proposed dissolution. To be
effective, the proposed dissolution must be approved by the
stockholders by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the
votes entitled to be cast. However, the Equity One charter
reduces the required stockholder vote for a liquidation to a
majority of the votes entitled to be cast.

Equity Ones charter requires that its board
of directors use its reasonable efforts to take such actions as
are necessary or appropriate to preserve the status of Equity
One as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. However, if the
board of directors determines that it is no longer in the best
interests of Equity One to continue to be qualified as a REIT,
the board may revoke or otherwise terminate Equity Ones
election to be treated as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code.

IRT. 
Under the GBCC,
a corporations board of directors may propose dissolution
for submission to the shareholders. For a proposal to dissolve
to be adopted, the board of directors must provide notice to all
shareholders and must recommend dissolution to all shareholders
unless the board of directors elects, because of a conflict of
interest or other special circumstances, to make no
recommendation and communicates the



basis for its determination to the shareholders.
The shareholders entitled to vote must approve the proposal to
dissolve by a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast
on that proposal.

Under the IRT articles, should the board of
directors determine that ownership of IRT has become
concentrated to the extent that is contrary to the requirements
of sections 856(a)(5) and (6) of the Internal Revenue
Code, it is empowered:

 

to call for redemption a number of such
    concentrated shares as necessary to bring the ownership of IRT
    into conformity with the Internal Revenue Code; and

 

to refuse to transfer shares to any person whose
    acquisition thereof would result in a violation of
    sections 856(a)(5) or (6) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Unlike Equity One, the IRT board does not have
the power to revoke or otherwise terminate IRTs election
to be treated as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code.

Dissenters Rights

Equity One. 
Under
Maryland corporate law, a stockholder has the right to demand
and receive payment of the fair value of his or her stock if the
corporation consolidates or merges with another corporation, the
stockholders stock is acquired in a share exchange, the
corporation transfers all or substantially all of its assets in
a manner that requires corporate action under the MGCL, the
corporation amends its charter so as to alter the contract
rights of outstanding stock and substantially adversely affect
the stockholders rights or the transaction involves a
business combination between the corporation and an interested
stockholder. The right to receive fair value does not exist if:

 

the shares are listed on a national securities
    exchange or are designated as a national market security on the
    interdealer quotation system of the National Association of
    Securities Dealers, Inc., or NASD, or is designated for trading
    on the NASDAQ small cap market, on the record date for
    determining stockholders entitled to vote on the transaction;

 

the shares are those of a successor entity, as
    long as the merger does not alter the contract rights of the
    shares as expressly set forth in the charter or the shares are
    converted in whole or in part in the merger into stock,
    including preferred stock, of the successor entity or cash,
    scrip, or other rights or interests arising out of the treatment
    of fractional shares of the successor entity;

 

the stock is not entitled to be voted on the
    transaction or the stockholder did not own shares of stock on
    the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on
    the transaction; or

 

the charter provides that stockholders are not
    entitled to exercise the rights of an objecting stockholder
    under the MGCL.

IRT. 
Under the GBCC,
a shareholder has the right to demand and receive payment of the
fair value of his or her shares if the corporation consummates a
plan of merger, a plan of share exchange, or a sale or exchange
of all or substantially all of the property of the corporation,
amends the articles of incorporation in a manner that materially
and adversely affects rights in respect of a dissenters
shares, or engages in any corporate action taken pursuant to a
shareholder vote to the extent that the articles of
incorporation, bylaws, or a resolution of the board of directors
provides that voting or nonvoting shareholders are entitled to
dissent and obtain payment for their shares.

However, the right to dissent does not exist if
the shares are either listed on a national securities exchange
or held of record by more than 2,000 shareholders, unless:

 

in the case of a plan of merger or share
    exchange, the holders of shares of a class or series are
    required under the plan of merger or share exchange to accept
    for their shares anything except shares of the surviving
    corporation or another publicly held corporation which at the
    effective date of the merger or share exchange are either listed
    on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than
    2,000 shareholders, except for scrip or cash payments in lieu of
    fractional shares; or



 

the articles of incorporation or a resolution of
    the board of directors approving the transaction provides
    otherwise.

Distributions

Equity One. 
The MGCL
provides that the board of directors may not make a distribution
of money or property to its stockholders if the distribution
would prevent the corporation from paying its debts as they
became due in the ordinary course of business or, if after the
distribution, the corporations total assets would be less
than the sum of its total liabilities plus, unless the charter
permits otherwise, the amount that would be needed, if the
corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the
distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights to
distributions upon dissolution of the corporations
stockholders whose rights upon dissolution are superior to those
receiving the distribution.

IRT. 
The GBCC
provides that the board of directors may not make a distribution
if the distribution would prevent the corporation from paying
its debts as they became due in the ordinary course of business
or, if after the distribution, the corporations total
assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus,
unless the articles provide otherwise, the amount that would be
needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of
the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights to
distributions upon dissolution of the corporations
shareholders whose rights upon dissolution are superior to those
receiving the distribution.

Stockholder or Shareholder Rights
Plan

Equity One.
 Equity
One has not adopted a stockholder rights plan.

IRT.
 On
August 21, 1998, IRT entered into a shareholder rights
agreement with SunTrust Bank, as Rights Agent. The IRT board of
directors adopted the shareholder rights agreement for the
purpose of protecting shareholders against attempts to acquire
control of IRT by means of a hostile tender offer made at less
than a full and fair price and other takeover tactics that can
be used to deprive shareholders of the ability to get a full and
fair price for all of their shares.

Pursuant to the shareholder rights agreement,
each certificate of IRT common stock also evidences one
right. Ten days after a public announcement by IRT
that some person has become an acquiring person,
each right will constitute the right to purchase from IRT at a
nominal price the number of shares of common stock having an
aggregate market price, as defined in the rights agreement, on
the date of the announcement equal to twice the exercise price
(the exercise price was $40.00 at the time of the execution of
the shareholder rights agreement). An acquiring
person generally refer to any person who beneficially owns
15% or more of the outstanding shares of IRT common stock.

In addition, at any time prior to the tenth
business day after any public announcement by IRT that some
person has become an acquiring person, the board of directors
may elect to redeem all, but not less than all, of the then
outstanding rights at an amount equal to the $0.001 redemption
price. IRT may pay that amount either in cash or shares of
common stock or other securities, as deemed by the board to be
at least equivalent in value to the redemption price.

If the board authorizes the redemption of rights
and the authorization occurs on or after the time the person
becomes an acquiring person, or the authorization occurs on or
after the date of a change in a majority of the directors in
office at the commencement of a proxy or a consent solicitation
if any person who is a participant in the solicitation has
stated that such person intends to take any action which would
result in that person becoming an acquiring person, then the
board must consist of continuing directors and there must be a
majority vote of the continuing directors to authorize the
redemption of rights.

Immediately upon the action of the board electing
to redeem the rights, without any further action and without any
notice, the right of any shareholder to exercise the rights will
terminate and each right will thereafter represent only the
right to receive the redemption price in cash or securities as
determined by the board.

Upon the signing of the merger agreement and
entering into the transactions contemplated in the merger
agreement, Equity One would become an acquiring
person, thereby triggering the provisions of the



shareholder rights agreement. However, IRT
amended the plan on October 28, 2002 to provide that no
person, including Equity One, would become an acquiring person
as a result of the execution of the merger agreement or the
voting agreements. In addition, no person would be deemed to
beneficially own securities for purposes of the plan on account
of the execution of the merger agreement and the voting
agreements. Pursuant to the amendment, the shareholder rights
agreement will terminate upon the effective time as defined in
the merger agreement. The IRT board of directors, in accordance
with the terms of the shareholder rights agreement, unanimously
approved the amendment on October 28, 2002.

REIT Ownership Limitations

Equity One.
 For
Equity One to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code,
no more than 50% in value of its outstanding shares of common
stock may be owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer
individuals, which, as defined in the Internal
Revenue Code for this purpose, includes some entities. In
addition, if Equity One, or an actual or constructive owner of
10% or more of the shares of Equity One, owns, actually or
constructively, 10% or more of a tenant of Equity One, then the
rent received by Equity One from that related party
tenant will not be qualifying income for purposes of
determining whether Equity One meets the requirements for
qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code unless
the tenant is a taxable REIT subsidiary and specified
requirements are met. A REITs shares also must be
beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least
335 days of a taxable year.

As a means of addressing these requirements,
Equity Ones charter provides that, subject to exceptions,
no person may own, or be deemed to own directly and/or by virtue
of the attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, more
than 9.9%, in value or number of shares of stock, whichever is
more restrictive, of the aggregate outstanding shares of stock
of any class or series of stock. Under the Equity One charter,
the board of directors may increase the ownership limit with
respect to any class or series of shares of stock. In addition,
the Equity One board of directors, in its sole discretion, may
exempt a person from the ownership limits and may establish a
new limit applicable to that person if such person submits to
the Equity One board of directors such representations and
undertakings that demonstrate, to the reasonable satisfaction of
the board of directors, that such ownership would not jeopardize
Equity Ones status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue
Code. The Equity One charter further prohibits any person from
transferring any Equity One capital stock if the transfer would
result in shares of capital stock of Equity One being owned by
fewer than 100 persons or otherwise would cause Equity One
not to qualify as a REIT.

If any transfer shares of stock or any other
event would otherwise result in any person violating the
ownership limits, then the charter provides that (a) the
transfer will be void and of no force or effect with respect to
the prohibited transferee with respect to that number of shares
of stock that exceeds the ownership limits and (b) the
prohibited transferee would not acquire any right or interest in
the shares. The shares transferred in violation of the ownership
limit instead would be transferred automatically to a charitable
trust, the beneficiary of which would be a qualified charitable
organization selected by Equity One. If the transfer to the
charitable trust of the shares that were transferred in
violation of the ownership limit is not automatically effective
for any reason, then the transfer that resulted in the violation
of the ownership limit would be void.

The charitable trustee will have the sole right
to vote the shares of stock that it holds, and any distributions
paid on shares held by the charitable trustee would be paid to
the beneficiary of the charitable trust. The trustee of the
charitable trust would be required to sell the shares of stock
transferred in violation of the ownership limit to a person or
entity who could own the shares of stock without violating the
ownership limit, and to distribute to the prohibited transferee
an amount equal to the lesser of the price paid by such person
for the shares of stock transferred in violation of the
ownership limit or the sales proceeds received by the charitable
trust for the shares. In the case of a transfer for no
consideration, such as a gift, the charitable trustee would be
required to sell the shares of stock to a qualified person or
entity and distribute to the prohibited transferee an amount
equal to the lesser of the fair market value of the shares of
stock on the date of the event causing the shares to be held in
the trust or the sales proceeds received by the charitable trust
for the shares.



Under its charter, Equity One, or its designee,
would have the right to purchase the shares from the charitable
trust at a price per share equal to the lesser of (a) the
price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer
of the shares to the charitable trust, or, in the case of a
devise or gift, the market price at the time of such devise or
gift, and (b) the market price of such shares on the date
Equity One, or its designee, were to agree to purchase the
shares.

Any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares
of stock in excess of the amount distributed to the prohibited
transferee under these provisions would be distributed to the
beneficiary of the charitable trust.

All persons or entities who own, directly or by
virtue of the attribution provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code, more than 5% (or such lower percentage as required by the
U.S. tax code or tax regulations) of the outstanding Equity One
shares of stock must give a written notice to Equity One by
January 30 of each year stating the name and address of
such owner, the number of Equity One shares of stock owned and a
description of the manner in which such Equity One shares of
stock are held. In addition, each holder of Equity One shares of
stock subject to the foregoing ownership requirement must
provide Equity One such additional information as Equity One may
request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such
ownership on Equity Ones status as a REIT and to ensure
compliance with the ownership limit discussed above. Finally,
each beneficial owner of Equity One shares of stock and each
person (including the stockholder of record) who is holding
Equity One shares of stock as a nominee for a beneficial owner
must provide to Equity One such information as it may request,
in good faith, in order to determine its status as a REIT and to
comply with requirements of any taxing authority or governmental
authority or to determine such compliance.

The foregoing restrictions on ownership and
transferability would not apply if the Equity One board of
directors were to determine that it is no longer in the best
interests of Equity One to attempt to qualify, or to continue to
qualify, as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code.

IRT.
 For IRT to
qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, no more than
50% in value of its outstanding shares of common stock may be
owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer
individuals, which, as defined in the Internal
Revenue Code for this purpose, includes some entities. In
addition, if IRT, or an actual or constructive owner of 10% or
more of the shares of IRT, owns, actually or constructively, 10%
or more of a tenant of IRT, then the rent received by IRT from
that related party tenant will not be qualifying
income for purposes of determining whether IRT meets the
requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Internal
Revenue Code unless the tenant is a taxable REIT subsidiary and
specified requirements are met. A REITs shares also must
be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons.

As a means of addressing these requirements,
IRTs articles provide that, if the board of directors at
any time are of the good faith opinion that direct or indirect
ownership of shares of the corporation has or may become
concentrated to an extent which is contrary to the requirements
of section 856(a)(5) and (6) of the Internal Revenue
Code, then the directors have the power to:

 

call for redemption a number of such concentrated
    shares sufficient, in the opinion of the directors, to maintain
    or bring the direct or indirect ownership of shares of the
    corporation into conformity with the requirements of said
    section 856(a)(5) and (6); and

 

to refuse to transfer shares to any person whose
    acquisition of the shares in question would, in the opinion of
    the directors, result in a violation of said
    section 856(a)(5) or (6).

The redemption price for the shares will be equal
to the fair market value of the shares as reflected in the
closing price on the business day preceding the day on which
notice of redemption is sent. From and after the date fixed for
redemption by the directors, the holder of any shares so called
for redemption will cease to be entitled to dividends, voting
rights and other benefits with respect to such shares excepting
only the right to payment of the redemption price fixed as noted
above.



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL DATA

The following unaudited pro forma condensed
combined balance sheet is presented as if the proposed merger of
IRT with Equity One had occurred on September 30, 2002. The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet does not
purpor