URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1028751/000089161803000260/0000891618-03-000260.txt

SS:	
		STREET 1:		4125 HOPYARD RD
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94588
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9257373500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4125 HOPYARD RD
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94588

PREM14A

f87168prprem14a.htm

SPECIAL NOTICE AND PROXY STATEMENT

ProBusiness Services, Inc., Preliminary Proxy



UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE 14A

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

(Amendment No.
     )

Filed by the Registrant [X]

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [   ]

Check the appropriate box:

[X]

Preliminary Proxy Statement

[   ]

Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

[   ]

Definitive Proxy Statement

[   ]

Definitive Additional Materials

[   ]

Soliciting Material Pursuant to Rule 240.14a-12

ProBusiness Services, Inc.

(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

[   ]

 No fee required

[X]

Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

(1)

Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:

ProBusiness Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share and ProBusiness 6.9%
Senior Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share

(2)

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

28,602,857 shares of
ProBusiness Common Stock, options to purchase 2,722,410 shares of
ProBusiness Common Stock and 1,335,260 shares of ProBusiness 6.9% Senior
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock

(3)

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant
to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is
calculated and state how it was determined):

The filing fee of $49,504.22 was calculated pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11(c)
and is equal to $92.00 per million of the aggregate amount of cash to be
transferred to security holders in the transaction or $    . The per unit
price with respect to the ProBusiness Common Stock was $17.00, which
represents the price to be paid in the merger per share of ProBusiness
Common Stock. The per unit price with respect to the ProBusiness
Preferred Stock was $26.50, which represents the price to be paid in the
merger per share of ProBusiness Preferred Stock. With respect to
outstanding options, the per unit price was based on the difference
between $17.00 per share and the per share exercise price of the
in-the-money options.

(4)

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

$538,089,383

(5)

Total fee paid:

$49,504.22

[   ]

Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

[   ]

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as
provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and
identify the filing for which the offsetting
fee was paid previously. Identify the previous
filing by registration statement number, or the
Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

1)

Amount Previously Paid:

2)

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

3)

Filing Party:

4)

Date Filed:



Questions and Answers About the Special Meeting and the Merger

Forward-Looking Information

Summary

Merger Consideration

Treatment of Stock Options

Market Price And Dividend Data

Reasons For The Merger

Recommendation To Stockholders

Opinion Of Financial Advisor

Appraisal Rights

Market Price And Dividend Data

The Special Meeting

Date, Time And Place

Purpose Of Special Meeting

Record Date; Stock Entitled To Vote; Quorum

Votes Required

Voting By ProBusiness Directors, Executive Officers And Certain Stockholders

Voting Of Proxies

Revocability Of Proxies

The Companies

ProBusiness

ADP

ADP Merger Corp.

The Merger

Background To The Merger

Reasons For The Merger And Board Of Directors Recommendation

Interests Of ProBusiness Directors And Management In The Merger

Appraisal Rights

Accounting Treatment

Form of The Merger

Merger Consideration

Conversion of Shares; Procedures For Exchange Of Certificates

Effect On Awards Outstanding Under ProBusiness Stock Plans

Effective Time Of The Merger

Delisting And Deregistration Of ProBusiness Common Stock

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences Of The Merger

Regulatory Matters

The Merger Agreement

Stockholder Support Agreements

Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

Other Matters

Where You Can Find More Information

Annex A

ANNEX B

ANNEX C

ANNEX D



SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

MERGER PROPOSED  YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

ProBusiness Services, Inc.

4125 Hopyard Road

Pleasanton, CA 94588

Dear ProBusiness Services, Inc. stockholder:

     The board of directors of ProBusiness Services, Inc. (ProBusiness) has
unanimously approved a merger combining a subsidiary of Automatic Data
Processing, Inc. (ADP) and ProBusiness.

     If the merger is completed, you will receive $17.00 in cash, without
interest, for each share of ProBusiness common stock you own and, in accordance
with our certificate of incorporation and pursuant to the merger agreement, you
will receive $26.50 in cash, without interest, for each share of ProBusiness
6.9% Senior Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock you own (including accrued
but unpaid dividends payable in shares of preferred stock).

     All stockholders of ProBusiness are cordially invited to attend this
special meeting of ProBusiness stockholders in person. At this special meeting
of ProBusiness stockholders, you will be asked to consider and vote upon a
proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement relating to the merger of
ProBusiness with the subsidiary of ADP and to approve the merger. The board of
directors of ProBusiness has unanimously determined that the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated by it are advisable and fair to, and are in
our and your best interest and declared the merger to be advisable and approved
and adopted the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by it. 
The
board of directors of ProBusiness unanimously recommends that ProBusiness
stockholders vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement and
approval of the merger.

     The date, time and place of the special meeting to consider and vote upon
a proposal to adopt the merger agreement are as follows:

    ,
    , 2003

10:00 a.m. local time

4125 Hopyard Road

Pleasanton, California

     The proxy statement attached to this letter provides you with information
about the special meeting of ProBusiness stockholders and the proposed merger.
I encourage you to read this information carefully.

Your vote is important, regardless of how many shares you own. 
Even if
you plan to attend the special meeting in person, please take a few minutes now
to vote your proxy by following the instructions on the enclosed proxy card.

Sincerely,

Thomas H. Sinton

Chairman of the Board, President,

Chief Executive Officer

     The proxy statement is dated February  , 2003, and is first being mailed
to the stockholders of ProBusiness on or about , 2003.



NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To Be Held On , 2003

To the stockholders of ProBusiness Services, Inc.:

     Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of stockholders of
ProBusiness Services, Inc., (ProBusiness) a Delaware corporation, will be
held on , 2003 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at our corporate headquarters, 4125
Hopyard Road, Pleasanton, California, for the following purposes:

1.

To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 5, 2003, among
Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation (ADP), ADP
Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation and indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of ADP, and ProBusiness and approve the merger; and

2.

To transact such other business as may properly come before the
special meeting of stockholders or any adjournment or postponement
thereof.

     The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the proxy
statement accompanying this Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders which you
are urged to read carefully. Only stockholders of record at the close of
business on February , 2003, the record date, are entitled to notice of, and
to vote at, the Special Meeting of Stockholders or any adjournment or
postponement of it. At the close of business on the record date,  shares of
ProBusiness Common Stock and  shares of ProBusiness 6.9% Senior Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding and entitled to be
voted at the Special Meeting of Stockholders. Stockholders of ProBusiness are
entitled to appraisal rights under the Delaware General Corporation Law in
connection with the merger if they meet certain conditions. See Appraisal
Rights on page  of the proxy statement.

Your vote is important, regardless of how many shares you own. All
stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Special Meeting of
Stockholders in person. However, to assure your representation at the Special
Meeting of Stockholders, we request that you vote your proxy as promptly as
possible by following the instructions on the enclosed proxy card. If you sign,
date and mail the proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your
proxy will be counted as a vote in favor of the adoption and approval of the
merger agreement and the approval of the merger. If you fail to return your
proxy card or vote in person, by telephone or over the Internet, the effect
will be that your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining
whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting of Stockholders but will
effectively be counted as a vote against adoption and approval of the merger
agreement and the approval of the merger. Any stockholder attending our
Special Meeting of Stockholders may vote in person even if he or she has
returned a proxy card, voted by phone or voted over the Internet.

By Order of the Board of Directors

Steven E. Klei

Executive Vice President, Finance,

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary

Pleasanton, California

, 2003





QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE MERGER

Forward-Looking Information

SUMMARY

The Companies

Merger Consideration

Treatment of Awards Outstanding Under ProBusiness Stock Plans

Market Price And Dividend Data

Reasons For The Merger

Recommendation To Stockholders

Opinion Of Financial Advisor

Conditions To The Completion Of The Merger

Appraisal Rights

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time And Place

Purpose Of Special Meeting

Record Date; Stock Entitled To Vote; Quorum

Votes Required

Voting By ProBusiness Directors, Executive Officers And Certain Stockholders

Voting Of Proxies

Revocability Of Proxies

Solicitation Of Proxies

THE COMPANIES

ProBusiness

ADP

ADP Merger Corp.

THE MERGER

Background To The Merger

Reasons For The Merger And Board Of Directors Recommendation

Interests Of ProBusinesss Directors And Management In The Merger

Appraisal Rights

Accounting Treatment

Form of The Merger

Merger Consideration

Conversion of Shares; Procedures For Exchange Of Certificates

Effect On Awards Outstanding Under Rationals Stock Plans

Effective Time Of The Merger

Delisting And Deregistration Of Rationals Common Stock

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences Of The Merger

Regulatory Matters

Litigation

- i -



THE MERGER AGREEMENT

STOCKHOLDER SUPPORT AGREEMENTS

SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

OTHER MATTERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

ANNEX B

OPINION OF GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO.

ANNEX C

SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAWAPPRAISAL RIGHTS

ANNEX D

FORM OF STOCKHOLDER SUPPORT AGREEMENTS SIGNED BY THOMAS
H. SINTON AND PARTIES AFFILIATED WITH HIM AND SIGNED BY
ENTITIES AFFILIATED WITH GENERAL ATLANTIC PARTNERS, LLC

- ii -



Questions and Answers About the Special Meeting and the Merger

Q:

What will happen to ProBusiness Services, Inc.
(ProBusiness) as a result of the merger?

A:

If the merger is completed, we will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP) and our
shares of common stock will no longer be publicly traded.

Q:

What will ProBusiness stockholders receive in the merger?

A:

As a result of the merger, holders of our common stock will receive $17.00 in cash, without interest, for each share of
common stock they own. In accordance with our certificate of incorporation and pursuant to the merger agreement, holders
of ProBusiness 6.9% Senior Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (which we refer to as the preferred stock) will receive
$26.50 in cash, without interest, for each share of preferred stock held by them (including accrued but unpaid dividends
payable in shares of preferred stock).

Q:

Why do holders of preferred stock receive more cash per share than
holders of common stock?

A:

Our preferred stock was offered for sale in August 2000 at a purchase price of $26.50 for each share of preferred stock.
Our certificate of incorporation provides that, if a sales transaction (such as the merger) occurs, the holders of our
preferred stock are entitled to elect to treat such event as a liquidation event and receive the liquidation amount stated
in the certificate of incorporation prior to the holders of common stock receiving any consideration for their shares. The
holders of preferred stock have previously elected to deem the merger a liquidation event and are entitled to receive the
stated liquidation amount, which is equal to the original preferred stock purchase price of $26.50, in cash for each share
of preferred stock held by them (including accrued but unpaid dividends payable in shares of preferred stock).

Q:

What do I need to do now?

A:

We urge you to read this proxy statement carefully, including its annexes, and to consider how the merger affects you.
Then just mail your completed, dated and signed proxy card in the enclosed return envelope, or vote by telephone or over
the Internet (as described in the proxy card), in any event as soon as possible so that your shares can be voted at the
special meeting of our stockholders.

Q:

How does ProBusiness board of directors recommend I vote?

A:

Our board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the
approval of the merger.
 At a meeting held on January 5, 2003, our board of directors also:



unanimously determined that the merger agreement and the
transaction contemplated by it are advisable and fair to, and are in
our and your best interest and declared the merger advisable; and



approved and adopted the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by it, including the merger and the stockholder support
agreements and the transactions contemplated by the stockholder
support agreements.

Q-1



The $17.00 cash per share of common stock merger consideration represents
a premium of approximately 66% over the closing price of our common stock
on January 3, 2003, the last trading day before the public announcement of
the signing of the merger agreement, and a 77% premium over the average
daily closing price of our common stock over the 30 trading day period
ending January 3, 2003.

Q:

What vote is required to adopt and approve the merger agreement and approve the merger?

A:

For us to complete the merger, stockholders of record on February

l
 , 2003 holding at least a majority of the voting power
outstanding must vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. Each share of common stock is
entitled to one vote per share. Each share of preferred stock is entitled to approximately 1.04 votes per share. Pursuant
to stockholder support agreements with ADP, holders of approximately 30% of our outstanding shares have agreed to vote in
favor of the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

Q:

What happens if I do not return a proxy card?

A:

The failure to return your proxy card will have the same effect as voting against the merger.

Q:

May I vote in person?

A
:

Yes. If your shares are not held in street name through a broker, or bank, you may attend the special meeting of our
stockholders and vote your shares in person, rather than signing and returning your proxy card. If, however, your shares
are held in street name, you must get a proxy from your broker or bank in order to attend the special meeting and vote.

Q:

May I vote over the Internet or by telephone?

A:

Yes. If your shares are not held in street name through a broker, or bank, you may vote over the Internet or by
telephone. To vote over the Internet or by telephone, you should follow the instructions on your proxy card. If, however,
your shares are held in street name, you may vote by completing and returning the voting form provided by your broker or
bank or over the Internet or by telephone through your broker, or bank, if such a service is provided by following the
instructions on the voting form provided by your broker or bank.

Q:

What do I do if I want to change my vote?

A:

You may change your vote at any time before your shares are voted at the special meeting. You can do this in one of four
ways. First, you can send a written, dated notice to our Corporate Secretary stating that you would like to revoke your
proxy. Second, you can complete, date, and submit a new proxy card. Third, you can vote by telephone or over the Internet
at a later time. Fourth, you can attend the meeting and vote in person. Your attendance alone will not revoke your proxy.
If you have instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must follow directions received from your broker to change those
instructions.

Q:

If my broker holds my shares in street name, will my
broker vote my shares for me?

Q-2



A:

Your broker will not be able to vote your shares without instructions from you. You should instruct your broker to vote
your shares, following the procedure provided by your broker. Without instructions, your shares will not be voted, which
will have the effect of a vote against the merger.

Q:

Should I send in my ProBusiness stock certificates now?

A:

No. After the merger is completed, you will receive written instructions for exchanging your shares for the merger
consideration of $17.00 in cash, without interest, for each share of common stock you own and $26.50, in cash, without
interest, for each share of preferred stock you own (including accrued but unpaid dividends payable in shares of preferred
stock).

Q:

When do you expect the merger to be completed?

A:

We are working toward completing the merger as quickly as possible. In addition to obtaining stockholder approval, we must
satisfy all other closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of applicable regulatory waiting periods.

Q:

Am I entitled to appraisal rights?

A:

Yes. Holders of our common stock are entitled to appraisal rights under the Delaware General Corporation Law in connection
with the merger if you meet certain conditions. Under stockholder support agreements with ADP, certain entities affiliated
with General Atlantic Partners, LLC (the holders of 100% of our outstanding preferred stock) and Thomas H. Sinton and
parties affiliated with him have agreed to waive and prevent the exercise of any rights of appraisal or rights of dissent
they may have in connection with the merger.

Q:

What are the tax consequences to the stockholders of the merger?

A:

Your receipt of cash in the merger will be taxable to you and you will generally recognize a gain or loss in an amount
equal to the difference between the adjusted tax basis of your shares and the amount of cash you receive in the merger as
you would for any open market or other sale of your shares for cash.

Q:

Who can help answer my questions?

A:

If you would like additional copies, without charge, of this proxy statement or if you have questions about the merger,
including the procedures for voting your shares, you should contact:

ProBusiness Services, Inc.

Attn: Investor Relations

4125 Hopyard Road

Pleasanton, California 94588

Telephone: (925) 737-3500

Q-3



Forward-Looking Information

This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements that have been
made pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations,
estimates and projections about our industry, managements beliefs, and certain
assumptions made by management, including the completion of the proposed
merger. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, believes,
seeks, estimates, may, and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and actual actions or results may differ materially. These
statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are
difficult to predict, including the satisfaction of all of the conditions to
the closing of the merger, including receiving required regulatory approvals
and receiving the approval of a majority of the voting power outstanding. We
undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law.
Readers should, however, carefully review the risk factors included in other
reports or documents filed by us from time to time with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

Summary

     This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement and
may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand
the merger fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the
merger, you should read carefully this entire proxy statement and the other
documents to which we refer. The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to
this proxy statement. We encourage you to read the merger agreement as it is
the legal document that governs the merger.

The Parties to the Merger

ProBusiness Services, Inc.

4125 Hopyard Road

Pleasanton, CA 94588

Telephone: (925) 737-3500

     Incorporated in California in October 1984 and reincorporated in Delaware
in September 1997, we are a leading provider of comprehensive administrative
outsourced services to large employers nationwide, providing solutions that
include corporate employee payroll processing, payroll tax filing and other
critical human resources, or HR, and benefits functions. Our comprehensive and
integrated outsourced payroll processing and tax filing solution has expanded
to include a multitude of other similarly integrated products including payroll
administration, HR Service and benefits administration, including the
enrollment and processing of flexible benefits plans and COBRA benefits, and
Web-based self-service solutions for employers which allow employees to access
personal information and perform routine administrative tasks online such as
viewing current and historical paychecks, changing a direct deposit
authorization and verifying paid time off balances. These services are
combined into a technology platform combining sophisticated transaction
processing and Internet-enabled workstations to form a comprehensive HR
outsourcing product. We derive our revenue from fees charged to clients for
services and income earned from investing payroll tax funds. See The
CompaniesProBusiness.



Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

One ADP Boulevard

Roseland, NJ 07068-1728

Telephone: (973) 974-7849

     ADP is one of the largest providers of computerized transaction
processing, data communication and information services in the world. ADPs
employer services offer a comprehensive range of payroll, human resources,
benefits administration, time and attendance, tax filing and reporting,
professional employer organization, compliance management and retirement plan
services to employers in the United States, Canada, Europe and Latin America.
ADPs brokerage services provide securities transaction processing, broker
productivity applications and investor communication services to the financial
services industry. ADPs dealer services provide e-business and integrated
computing solutions for motor vehicle retailers and their manufacturers
worldwide. ADPs claims services offer a broad line of claims information
products to property and casualty insurance companies, claim adjusters, repair
shops and auto parts recycling facilities. See The CompaniesADP.

ADP Merger Corp.

One ADP Boulevard

Roseland, NJ 07068-1728

Telephone: (973) 974-7849

     ADP Merger Corp. is a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of ADP. ADP Merger Corp. was organized solely for the purpose of
entering into the merger agreement with ProBusiness and completing the merger
and has not conducted any business operations. See The CompaniesADP Merger
Corp.

Merger Consideration

     If the merger is completed:



You will receive $17.00 in cash, without interest, in exchange
for each share of our common stock that you own.



You will receive $26.50 in cash, without interest, in exchange
for each share of our preferred stock that you own (including accrued
but unpaid dividends payable in shares of preferred stock).

     After the merger is completed, you will have the right to receive the
merger consideration but you will no longer have any rights as a ProBusiness
stockholder. Our stockholders will receive the merger consideration after
exchanging their ProBusiness stock certificates in accordance with the
instructions contained in the letter of transmittal to be sent to our
stockholders shortly after the completion of the merger.

     See The MergerMerger Consideration.

Treatment of Stock Options

     Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding option to purchase our
common stock with an exercise price less than $17.00 will be cancelled and the
holder of that option will be entitled to receive a one-time cash payment equal to the number of shares of our common stock
subject to the option (whether vested

-2-



or unvested), multiplied by the
difference, if any, between $17.00 and the per share exercise price of the
option. For example, if you have an option to purchase 100 shares of our
common stock at an exercise price of $10.00 per share, you will be entitled to
receive a one-time cash payment of $700.00 (the difference between $17.00 and
$10.00 multiplied by 100).

     Each outstanding option to purchase our common stock with an exercise
price equal to or greater than $17.00 will be canceled without payment.

     See The MergerEffect On Awards Outstanding Under ProBusiness Stock
PlansStock Options.

Market Price And Dividend Data

     Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
PRBZ. On January 3, 2003, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the proposed merger, our common stock closed at $10.26. On
February , 2003, the last full trading day prior to the date of this proxy
statement, our common stock closed at $. See  Market Price and Dividend
Data.

Reasons For The Merger

     Our board of directors approved the merger based on a number of factors,
including a number of positive factors, which include the following:



the fact that the merger consideration is all cash, which
provides certainty of value to our stockholders compared to a
transaction in which our stockholders would receive stock;



the fact that the $17.00 per share to be paid to the holders of
common stock as the consideration in the merger represents a premium
of approximately 66% over the closing price of ProBusiness common
stock on the last full trading day prior to the public announcement
of the execution of the merger agreement and a 77 % premium over the
average closing price of the shares for the 30 trading days prior to
such announcement (as described below in Opinion of Goldman
Sachs);



the financial presentation of Goldman, Sachs & Co. on January
3, 2003 and the opinion of Goldman Sachs delivered on January 5,
2003 to our board of directors, subsequently confirmed by delivery of
a written opinion dated January 5, 2003, to the effect that, as of
the date of the written opinion and based upon and subject to the
factors and assumptions set forth in the written opinion, the $17.00
per share in cash to be received by holders of our common stock
pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a financial point of
view to those holders (the full text of the written opinion, which
sets forth the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken by Goldman Sachs
in connection with the opinion, is attached as Annex B to the proxy
statement);



the terms of the merger agreement, including the parties
representations, warranties and covenants, the conditions to their
respective obligations, the termination fee and the treatment of
outstanding options;



the fact that we may respond in the manner provided in the
merger agreement to certain unsolicited acquisition proposals (as
described below in The Merger AgreementNo Solicitation) that our
board of directors determines in good faith constitute or are
reasonably 

-3-



likely to lead to a superior offer, and we may terminate
the merger agreement under certain circumstances to enter into a
superior offer (as described below in The Merger
AgreementTermination);



that, under the terms of the merger agreement, ADP must pay us
a $25 million termination fee if the merger agreement is terminated
in certain circumstances; and



the effect of the stockholder support agreement signed by
Thomas H. Sinton and parties related to him and the stockholder
support agreement signed by entities affiliated with General Atlantic
Partners, LLC, who together with Mr. Sinton and the parties related
to him are our largest stockholders.

     In approving the merger, our board of directors also took into account a
number of negative factors, including the following:



the possibility that the merger will not be consummated and the
potential negative effect of the public announcement of the merger on
demand for our services, our operating results and stock price, our
relationships with strategic partners and our ability to retain key
management, sales and marketing and technical personnel;



the costs, potential length and risks of the regulatory review
process;



that, under the terms of the merger agreement, we must pay ADP
a $25 million termination fee if the merger agreement is terminated
in certain limited circumstances; and



our stockholders would not participate in any future increase
in our value.

     See The MergerReasons for the Merger and Board of Directors Recommendation.

Recommendation To Stockholders

     Our board of directors has unanimously:



determined that the merger agreement and the transaction
contemplated by it are advisable and fair to, and are in our and your
best interest and declared the merger to be advisable;



approved and adopted the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by it, including the merger and the stockholder support
agreements and the transactions contemplated by the stockholder
support agreements; and



recommended that our stockholders vote for the adoption and
approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

     See The MergerReasons for the Merger and Board of Directors Recommendation.

Opinion Of Financial Advisor

     Goldman, Sachs & Co., or Goldman Sachs, delivered its opinion to our board
of directors that, as of January 5, 2003, based upon and subject to the factors
and assumptions set forth in the written opinion, the

-4-



$17.00 per share in cash
to be received by holders of the outstanding shares of our common stock under
the merger agreement is fair from a financial point of view to such holders.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated January 5,
2003, which sets forth assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the
opinion, is attached as Annex B to this proxy statement. Our common
stockholders should read the opinion in its entirety. Goldman Sachs provided
its opinion for the information and assistance of our board of directors in
connection with its consideration of the transaction contemplated by the merger
agreement. The Goldman Sachs opinion is not a recommendation as to how any
holder of our stock should vote with respect to such transaction.

The Special Meeting Of ProBusiness Stockholders

Time, Date and Place. 
A special meeting of our stockholders will be held
on , 2003, at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the ProBusiness corporate
headquarters, 4125 Hopyard Road, Pleasanton, California, to consider and vote
upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Record Date and Voting Power. 
You are entitled to vote at the special
meeting if you owned shares of our common stock or preferred stock at the close
of business on February , 2003, the record date for the special meeting. You
will have one vote at the special meeting for each share of our common stock
and approximately 1.04 votes at the special meeting for each share of our
preferred stock you owned at the close of business on the record date. There
are  shares of our common stock  shares of our preferred stock entitled to be
voted at the special meeting.

Required Vote. 
The approval and adoption of the merger agreement and
approval of the merger requires the affirmative vote of the holders of shares
representing a majority of the voting power outstanding at the close of
business on the record date.

Share Ownership of Directors and Management. 
As of the close of business
on the record date, our directors and executive officers and their affiliates
own approximately % of the shares entitled to vote at the special meeting.

     See The Special Meeting.

Stockholder Support Agreements

     Thomas H. Sinton, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and
parties affiliated with him, as well as entities affiliated with General
Atlantic Partners, LLC, who as a group is our largest stockholder, and who
together with Mr. Sinton and the parties affiliated with him held  shares of
common and preferred stock, representing approximately 30% of the voting power
as of the date of the merger agreement, have entered into stockholder support
agreements and have agreed, among other things, to vote their shares for the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger. See
Stockholder Support Agreements.

-5-



Interests Of ProBusiness Directors And Management In The Merger

     When considering the recommendation by our board of directors in favor of
the merger, you should be aware that members of our board of directors and our
executive officers have interests in the merger that are different from your
interests, including, among others:



certain of our directors and executive officers hold options to
purchase our common stock which will be treated the same as all
options held by other persons;



existing indemnification arrangements and insurance for our
current and former directors and officers will be continued if the
merger is completed;



entities affiliated with one of our directors holds shares of
our preferred stock, and will, in accordance with our certificate of
incorporation and pursuant to the merger agreement, be entitled to
receive $26.50 in cash for each share of preferred stock held by them
(including accrued but unpaid dividends payable in shares of
preferred stock);



our executive officers will be entitled to severance payments
and continuation of certain health benefits for 18 months in the
event their employment is terminated under certain circumstances
after the closing of the merger; and



our executive officers will receive bonus and retention
payments if the merger is completed.

     See The MergerInterests of ProBusiness Directors and Management in the Merger.

Conditions to the Merger

     The obligations of each of ProBusiness and ADP to complete the merger are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of specified conditions set forth in the
merger agreement, including, among others:



the holders of ProBusiness stock representing a majority of the
voting power must have voted in favor of approving and adopting the
merger agreement and approving the merger; and



the waiting period required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 must have expired or been
terminated.

     See The MergerConditions to the Merger.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

     Each of ProBusiness and ADP is entitled to terminate the merger agreement
under specified conditions, including, among others:



mutual written consent of the parties;



by either ADP or us, if the merger is not completed by May 31,
2003, or, under certain circumstances, September 30, 2003 so long as
the party seeking to terminate did not prevent the

-6-



consummation of the merger by failing to perform any of its obligations
under the merger agreement (which failure to perform constitutes a
material breach of the merger agreement);



by either ADP or us, if a court or government entity issues a
final and nonappealable order that prohibits the merger;



by either ADP or us, if our stockholders do not vote in favor
of adopting the merger agreement, provided that we cannot terminate
the merger agreement if the failure to obtain stockholder approval
was caused by our action or failure to act and such action or failure
to act constitutes a material breach of the merger agreement;



by either ADP or us upon certain breaches of the merger
agreement which breach (a) would give rise to the failure of any
condition to the closing of the merger or (b) could not be cured or
are not curable prior to May 31, 2003 or September 30, 2003, as
applicable, through the exercise of reasonable efforts by the
breaching party as long as such efforts continue to be exercised
throughout such period;



by ADP, if prior to obtaining stockholder approval, our board
of directors or any of its committees withdraws or modifies in a
manner adverse to ADP its recommendation in favor of the merger,
fails to continue to include its recommendation in favor of the
merger in this proxy statement, or approves or recommends any other
acquisition proposal or if, within ten (10) business days after a
competing tender or exchange offer is first published, we have not
sent to our stockholders a statement that our board of directors
recommends the rejection of such offer;



by us, if any litigation or proceeding is pending or has been
threatened to be instituted which in the good faith judgment of our
board of directors is reasonably likely to result in an order,
decree, or ruling enjoining, prohibiting, seeking substantial damages
in respect of, or impairing the benefits of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement; or



by us, if prior to obtaining stockholder approval, we receive
an unsolicited superior offer and we provide ADP with written notice
of such offer and that we intend to terminate the merger agreement.
We may not, however, terminate the merger agreement if, within three
business days after receiving the required notice from us, ADP offers
to amend the merger agreement and our board of directors determines,
in good faith, that the merger agreement as amended would be more
favorable to our stockholders than the other offer.

     See The MergerTermination of the Merger Agreement.

Expenses and Termination Fees

     The merger agreement provides that regardless of whether the merger is
consummated, all expenses incurred by the parties shall be borne by the party
incurring such expenses.

     We will pay ADP a fee of $25 million, in the event the merger agreement is
terminated in certain limited circumstances. ADP will pay us a fee of $25
million, in the event the merger agreement is terminated in certain limited
circumstances

-7-



Limitation on Considering Other Acquisition Proposals

     We have agreed that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries nor any of our
respective officers, directors, agents and representatives nor any party to a
stockholder support agreement will, and we will use our reasonable efforts to
cause the other employees and affiliates of us and our subsidiaries not to,
consider any acquisition proposal with another party while the merger agreement
is pending. Nevertheless, at any time prior to obtaining stockholder approval,
we may consider an acquisition proposal with another party if the other party
has made an unsolicited, bona fide written offer to our board of directors that
our board of directors has in good faith concluded is, or is reasonably likely
to result in the purchase of a majority of our outstanding shares of capital
stock or all or substantially all of our assets on terms more favorable to our
stockholders from a financial point of view than the terms of the merger, the
conditions to the consummation of the transaction are reasonably capable of
being satisfied and financing is then committed or in the good faith judgment
of our board of directors is reasonably available. See The Merger
AgreementNo Solicitation.

Accounting Treatment

     The merger will be accounted for as a purchase transaction for financial
accounting purposes. See The MergerAccounting Treatment.

Regulatory Matters

     The Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 prohibits us from
completing the merger until we have furnished certain information and materials
to the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission and the required waiting period has ended. ADP and we have each
filed the required notification and report forms. See The MergerRegulatory
Matters.

Appraisal Rights

     Our stockholders have the right under Delaware law to dissent from the
approval of the merger and to exercise appraisal rights and to receive payment
in cash for the fair value of their shares of our common stock determined in
accordance with Delaware law. The fair value of shares of our common stock as
determined in accordance with Delaware law may be more or less than the merger
consideration to be paid to non-dissenting ProBusiness stockholders in the
merger. To preserve their rights, stockholders who wish to exercise appraisal
rights must not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and must
follow specific procedures. Dissenting ProBusiness stockholders must precisely
follow these specific procedures to exercise appraisal rights, or their
appraisal rights may be lost. These procedures are described in this proxy
statement, and the provisions of Delaware law that grant appraisal rights and
govern such procedures are attached as Annex C. You are encouraged to read
these provisions carefully and in their entirety. Under stockholder support
agreements with ADP, certain entities affiliated with General Atlantic
Partners, LLC (the holders of 100% of our outstanding preferred stock) and
Thomas H. Sinton and parties affiliated with him have agreed to waive and
prevent the exercise of any rights of appraisal or rights of dissent they may
have in connection with the merger. See The MergerAppraisal Rights.

-8-



Market Price And Dividend Data

     Our common stock is included in The Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol PRBZ. This table shows, for the periods indicated, the range of high
and low bids for our common stock as quoted on The Nasdaq National Market.

ProBusiness Common Stock

High

Low

Year ended June 30, 2001

First Quarter

$

31.30

$

17.25

Second Quarter

$

35.69

$

25.56

Third Quarter

$

33.38

$

20.06

Fourth Quarter

$

26.55

$

20.50

Year ended June 30, 2002

First Quarter

$

29.57

$

12.52

Second Quarter

$

21.96

$

14.22

Third Quarter

$

23.00

$

15.88

Fourth Quarter

$

21.49

$

12.50

Year ending June 30, 2003

First Quarter

$

14.95

$

5.57

Second Quarter

$

11.28

$

4.84

Third Quarter (through February , 2003)

$



$



     The following table sets forth the closing per share sales price of our
common stock, as reported on The Nasdaq National Market on January 3, 2003, the
last full trading day before the public announcement of the proposed merger,
and on , 2003, the latest practicable trading day before the printing of this
proxy statement:

ProBusiness Common Stock

Closing Price

January 3, 2003

$

10.26

      , 2003

$

  

     We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. Our
current policy is to retain earnings for use in our business. Following the
merger, our common stock will not be traded on any public market. Our
preferred stock has never been traded on any public market.

-9-



The Special Meeting

     We are furnishing this proxy statement to our stockholders as part of the
solicitation of proxies by our board of directors for use at the special
meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

Date, Time And Place

     We will hold the special meeting at our corporate headquarters, 4125
Hopyard Road, Pleasanton, California, 94588 at 10:00 A.M., local time, on
[Day],     , 2003.

Purpose Of Special Meeting

     At the special meeting, we will ask our stockholders to adopt the merger
agreement. Our board of directors has unanimously determined that the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are
advisable and fair to, and are in our and your best interest and declared the
merger to be advisable and approved and adopted the merger agreement and
approved the transactions contemplated by it. 
Our board of directors
unanimously recommends that our stockholders vote FOR the adoption and approval
of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

Record Date; Stock Entitled To Vote; Quorum

     Stockholders of record at the close of business on February     , 2003, the
record date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. On
the record date,      shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding and
held by approximately      holders of record and      shares of our preferred stock
were issued and outstanding and held by entities affiliated with General
Atlantic Partners, LLC. Each stockholder is entitled to one vote for each
share of common stock and approximately 1.04 votes for each share of preferred
stock held on February     , 2003 at the special meeting on the proposal to
approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. The presence at
the special meeting, either in person or by proxy, of the holders of our
outstanding shares comprising a majority of the voting power outstanding on the
record date shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the
event that a quorum is not present at the special meeting, it is expected that
the meeting will be adjourned or postponed to solicit additional proxies.

Votes Required

     The approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the
merger requires the affirmative vote of the holders of our outstanding shares
that constitute a majority of the voting power outstanding on the record date.
If a ProBusiness stockholder abstains from voting or does not vote, either in
person or by proxy, it will count as a vote against the approval and adoption
of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

Voting By ProBusiness Directors, Executive Officers And Certain Stockholders

     At the close of business on the record date, our directors and executive
officers and their affiliates owned and were entitled to vote      shares of our
common stock and      shares of our preferred stock, which represented
approximately     % of the outstanding voting power. Under the terms of
stockholder support agreements entered into in conjunction with the merger
agreement, Thomas H. Sinton,
our Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer and parties affiliated with him, as
well as entities affiliated with General Atlantic Partners, LLC, who as a group
is our largest stockholder, and who together with Mr. Sinton

-10-



and the parties
affiliated with him held a total of      shares of common stock and      shares of
preferred stock, which together represent approximately     % of our voting stock
as of the record date, have agreed to vote their shares for the approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

Voting Of Proxies

     All shares represented by properly executed proxies received in time for
the special meeting will be voted at the special meeting in the manner
specified by the holders. Properly executed proxies that do not contain voting
instructions will be voted FOR the approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and approval of the merger.

     Shares of our common stock and preferred stock represented at the special
meeting but not voting, including shares of our preferred stock and common
stock for which proxies have been received but for which stockholders have
abstained, will be treated as present at the special meeting for purposes of
determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of all
business.

     Only shares affirmatively voted for the approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and approval of the merger, including properly executed
proxies that do not contain voting instructions, will be counted as favorable
votes for that proposal. If a ProBusiness stockholder abstains from voting or
does not execute a proxy, it will effectively count as a vote against the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.
Brokers who hold shares of our common stock in street name for customers who
are the beneficial owners of such shares may not give a proxy to vote those
customers shares in the absence of specific instructions from those customers.
These non-voted shares will effectively count as votes against the approval
and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

     The persons named as proxies by a stockholder may propose and vote for one
or more adjournments of the special meeting, including adjournments to permit
further solicitations of proxies. No proxy voted against the proposal to
approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger will be voted in
favor of any such adjournment or postponement.

     We do not expect that any matter other than the proposal to approve and
adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger will be brought before the
special meeting. If, however, our board of directors properly presents other
matters, the persons named as proxies will vote in accordance with their
judgment as to matters that they believe to be in the best interests of the
stockholders.

Revocability Of Proxies

     The grant of a proxy on the enclosed form of proxy does not preclude a
stockholder from voting in person at the special meeting. A stockholder may
revoke a proxy at any time before it is voted by:

    

delivering to our Corporate Secretary a duly executed revocation of proxy;

    

submitting a duly executed proxy to our Corporate Secretary bearing a later date; or

    

appearing at the special meeting and voting in person.

-11-



     Attendance at the special meeting will not in and of itself constitute
revocation of a proxy. You can also change your vote by voting by telephone or
over the Internet at a later time. If you have instructed your broker to vote
your shares, you must follow directions received from your broker to change
these instructions.

Solicitation Of Proxies

     All costs of solicitation of proxies will be borne by us. We have
retained      to aid in the solicitation of proxies and to verify records relating
to the solicitation for a fee of $     , plus reimbursement of reasonable
expenses. The extent to which these proxy soliciting efforts will be necessary
depends entirely upon how promptly proxies are received. You should send in
your proxy by mail or vote over the Internet or by telephone without delay. We
also reimburse brokers and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for their
expenses in sending these materials to you and getting your voting
instructions. In addition, certain of our directors, officers and regular
employees, without additional compensation, may also solicit proxies personally
or by telephone, letter or facsimile.

     Stockholders should not send stock certificates with their proxies. A
letter of transmittal with instructions for the surrender of our common stock
and preferred stock certificates will be mailed to our stockholders promptly
after completion of the merger.

-12-



The Companies

ProBusiness

     We are a leading provider of comprehensive administrative outsourced
services to large employers nationwide, providing solutions that include
corporate employee payroll processing, payroll tax filing and other critical
human resources, or HR, and benefits functions. Our comprehensive and
integrated outsourced payroll processing and tax filing solution has expanded
to include a multitude of other similarly integrated products including payroll
administration, HR Service and benefits administration, including the
enrollment and processing of flexible benefits plans and COBRA benefits, and
Web self-service solutions for employers which allow employees to access
personal information and perform routine administrative tasks online. These
services are combined into a technology platform combining sophisticated
transaction processing and Internet-enabled workstations to form a
comprehensive HR outsourcing product. We derive our revenue from fees charged
to clients for services and income earned from investing payroll tax funds.

     As a leading provider of comprehensive payroll processing and tax filing
services, during FY2002, we processed over 40.2 million paychecks for
employees, filed over 4.2 million Form W-2s with the Internal Revenue Service
and managed approximately $900 million in average daily balances from payroll
tax funds invested. Our services and technology platform are integrated with
the clients existing in-house and third-party processing systems, thereby
assuming one or more of the clients HR administrative functions and creating
what we believe to be a highly differentiated and client-driven solution. This
allows our clients to streamline their administrative processes, including the
elimination of complex and costly functions, while ensuring the use of
industry-wide best practices. By leveraging our significant scale, experience
and depth of cross-functional skills, our clients achieve higher levels of
service and efficiency.

     We were incorporated in California in October 1984 and reincorporated in
Delaware in September 1997. Our executive offices are located at 4125 Hopyard
Road, Pleasanton, California 94588, and our telephone number is (925) 737-3500.
Additional information regarding ProBusiness is contained in our filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. See Where You Can Find More
Information.

ADP

     ADP is one of the largest providers of computerized transaction
processing, data communication and information services in the world. ADPs
employer services offer a comprehensive range of payroll, human resources,
benefits administration, time and attendance, tax filing and reporting,
professional employer organization, compliance management and retirement plan
services to employers in the United States, Canada, Europe and Latin America.
ADPs brokerage services provide securities transaction processing, broker
productivity applications and investor communication services to the financial
services industry. ADPs dealer services provide e-business and integrated
computing solutions for motor vehicle retailers and their manufacturers
worldwide. ADPs claims services offer a broad line of claims information
products to property and casualty insurance companies, claim adjusters, repair
shops and auto parts recycling facilities.

     Additional information regarding ADP is contained in ADPs filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. See Where You Can Find More
Information.

-13-



ADP Merger Corp.

     ADP Merger Corp. is a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of ADP. ADP Merger Corp. was organized solely for the purpose of
entering into the merger agreement with ProBusiness and completing the merger
and has not conducted any business operations.

-14-



The Merger

Background To The Merger

     In November 2001, Mr. Sinton was contacted by Mr. Arthur Weinbach,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ADP, by telephone to set up a meeting
to introduce himself and Mr. Gary Butler, President and Chief Operating Officer
of ADP. This led to a face-to-face meeting in New York on February 27, 2002
between Mr. Sinton, Mr. Weinbach and Mr. Butler. No business combination was
discussed at this time.

     In April 2002, Mr. Russell Fradin, Group President of ADP, called Mr.
Sinton and they discussed setting up a meeting in person to discuss a possible
business combination. This meeting was held in New York on May 6, 2002
between Mr. Sinton, Mr. Fradin and Mr. Butler.

     On May 6, 2002, prior to meeting with ADP, Mr. Sinton met with Mr. Hodgson
(a member of our board of directors and a representative of General Atlantic
Partners, LLC) and Mr. Readmond (a member of our board of directors) in New York and discussed strategic
alternatives for us, including a possible merger with ADP. Later that day, Mr.
Sinton met with Mr. Fradin and Mr. Butler of ADP to discuss the advantages of a
business combination.

     On May 16, 2002, our board of directors held a special meeting. At that
meeting, the board discussed our strategic plan and whether to consider a
business combination with ADP. As part of this discussion, our general counsel
advised the board as to its fiduciary duties under Delaware law. The board
determined that it was in the best interests of our stockholders to continue as
an independent public company, proceed with the companys strategic plan and to
not pursue a business combination at that time.

     On
May 21, 2002, Mr. Sinton called Mr. Fradin and told him that our board was not interested in pursuing a business combination at that time.

     On July 23, 2002, Mr. Butler and Mr. Fradin contacted Mr. Hodgson and
expressed an interest in entering into discussions regarding a possible sale of
us to ADP. A representative of General Atlantic Partners, LLC was
present with Mr. Hodgson and participated
in this discussion. Mr. Hodgson agreed to communicate this indication of
interest to Mr. Sinton.

     On July 24, 2002, Mr. Hodgson discussed ADPs indication of interest with
Mr. Sinton.

     On October 1, 2002, Mr. Sinton and Mr. Steven Klei, our Chief Financial
Officer, contacted Goldman Sachs to discuss the possibility of engaging Goldman
Sachs as our financial advisor to help us identify and evaluate strategic
options.

     On October 9, 2002, Mr. Fradin contacted Mr. Hodgson by telephone. On
this call, Mr. Fradin reiterated ADPs interest in entering into discussions
regarding a possible sale of us to ADP. Mr. Hodgson told Mr. Fradin that our
board of directors was aware of ADPs interest and would consider the
advisability of such a business combination.

     On October 18, 2002, our board of directors held a regularly scheduled
board meeting. At that meeting, our board conducted an intensive review of our
business, competitive prospects and strategic alternatives, including the
possibility of entering into a business combination with another company. The
board concluded that while we could successfully continue as an independent
public company, there were risks and uncertainties related to the execution of
our strategic plan. Accordingly, the board 

-15-



 approved managements recommendation to engage Goldman Sachs as financial
advisor to help us identify and evaluate strategic options.

     On October 22, 2002, we executed a letter agreement dated October 3, 2002
and engaged Goldman Sachs as our financial advisor in connection with the
possible sale of all or a portion of us.

     During November 2002, Goldman Sachs contacted a number of companies to
determine whether there was any interest in a potential strategic transaction
with us. As a result of such efforts, it was determined to proceed with a bid
process and we entered into confidentiality agreements with multiple companies.
Following the execution of a confidentiality agreement, the companies were
provided with preliminary due diligence materials regarding us and invited to
submit a non-binding, preliminary proposal to acquire our outstanding stock.
On or about November 25, 2002, written non-binding preliminary proposals were
submitted and certain parties then engaged in additional due diligence and
discussions with us regarding a potential transaction and were provided with a
draft merger agreement prepared by Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
Professional Corporation, or WSGR, our legal representatives.

     On November 27, 2002, our board of directors held a special meeting. At
that meeting, representatives of Goldman Sachs gave an update on the
discussions with various parties and then described in detail the non-binding
preliminary proposals we had received. The board then discussed the strategic
alternatives available to the company and decided to continue with the bid
process.

     During December 2002, our representatives met in person and via telephone
with the interested parties (including ADP) that were conducting due diligence
reviews of the company with respect to a possible strategic transaction.

     On December 17, 2002, our board of directors held a regularly scheduled
board meeting. At the meeting, the board received a report on our financial
performance, business goals and objectives. Goldman Sachs gave an update of
the bidding process and the feedback it had received from ADP and other bidders
and the merits of the preliminary bids. The board then discussed the bid
process and decided to continue with the bid process.

     On December 17, 2002, ADP communicated to us a non-binding indication of
interest for $17 per common share. This expression of interest was subject to
a variety of conditions, including the approval by ADPs board of directors.
After receiving this expression of interest, we provided further due diligence
materials to ADP.

     During the remainder of December, our board had several informal
discussions during which the directors considered the non-binding indication of
interest from ADP.

     Representatives of Goldman Sachs participated in these discussions and
reviewed the valuation metrics with the board. The directors authorized
management to proceed with discussions with ADP with respect to a cash merger
transaction based on the price in ADPs indication of interest.

     On December 19, 2002, Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison, or Paul
Weiss, ADPs legal representatives, provided comments to WSGR on a draft merger
agreement and negotiations commenced with respect to the terms of the merger
agreement. ADP continued its due diligence review of us during this time.

-16-



     During the remainder of December 2002 and the first week of January 2003,
representatives of ADP and us and their respective legal and financial advisors
continued negotiating the terms of the merger agreement and ADP continued its
due diligence review.

     On December 29, 2002, WSGR delivered to Paul Weiss a draft of the form of
stockholder support agreement to be signed by certain of our stockholders
concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement. ADP had determined to
request stockholder support agreements from Thomas H. Sinton, our Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer, and entities affiliated with General
Atlantic Partners, LLC, our largest stockholders.

     Between December 29, 2002 and January 5, 2003, ADP negotiated the form of
stockholder support agreement with counsel for General Atlantic Partners, LLC
and with Thomas H. Sinton.

     On January 3, 2003, our board of directors held a special meeting. At the
meeting, Mr. Sinton updated the board on the status of negotiations with ADP,
including its final offer of $17.00 per share of common stock. Mr. Sinton also
noted that ADPs proposal was the best proposal that had been submitted to us
during the bid process. A representative of WSGR discussed the boards
fiduciary duties in considering a strategic business combination and discussed
the terms of the merger agreement and related documents. In addition, Goldman
Sachs discussed the fairness from a financial point of view of the transaction
contemplated by the merger agreement.

     On the morning of January 5, 2003, our board of directors held a special
meeting. At the meeting, Mr. Sinton updated the board on the status of
negotiations with ADP, including significant issues that remained unresolved.

     On the afternoon of January 5, 2003, the board reconvened the special
meeting. A representative of WSGR provided an update on the status of the
terms of the merger agreement, including remaining issues to be resolved. A
representative of Goldman Sachs then reviewed with our board its financial
analyses with respect to the proposed transaction. Following its presentation,
Goldman Sachs delivered its oral opinion to our board of directors, later
confirmed by a written opinion dated January 5, 2003, that as of that date and
based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in its written
opinion, the $17.00 per share in cash to be received by the holders of our
common stock pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a financial point of
view to those holders. See The MergerOpinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co. After
extensive discussion and deliberation, our board of directors (1) determined
that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by it are advisable
and fair to, and are in ProBusiness and its stockholders best interest and
declared the merger advisable and (2) approved and adopted the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated by it, including the merger and the
stockholder support agreements and approved the transactions contemplated by
the stockholder support agreements. (3) resolved to recommend that our
stockholders approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger, (4)
authorized execution of the merger agreement, and (5) approved an amendment to
our Amended and Restated Preferred Stock Rights Agreement to facilitate the
merger.

     On the evening of January 5, 2003, the merger agreement and the
stockholder support agreements were executed. Both parties issued separate
press releases announcing the proposed merger before the opening of business on
January 6, 2003.

-17-



Reasons For The Merger And Board Of Directors Recommendation

Reasons for the Merger. 
In the course of reaching its decision to approve
the merger and the merger agreement and to recommend that you adopt the merger
agreement, our board of directors consulted with our senior management, legal
counsel and financial advisor, reviewed a significant amount of information and
considered a number of factors, including, among others, the following:



the then current financial market conditions, interest rate
levels, general economic climate and historical market prices,
volatility and trading information with respect to our common stock;



our financial condition, results of operations, businesses and
strategic objectives;



other historical information concerning our business, financial
performance and condition, operations, technology and competitive
position;



our business and financial prospects if we were to remain an
independent company;



increasing competition from
software providers providing enhanced and broader offerings from
vendors such as PeopleSoft Inc., SAP, Lawson Software Inc. and Oracle
Corp.



increasing competition from full suite Human Resource Business
Process Outsourcing (HR BPO) vendors, including Fidelity Employer
Services, International Business Machines, Corp. (IBM), Accenture
Ltd. Affiliated Computer Services Inc. (ACS) Electronic Data Systems
Corp. (EDS), Mellon Financial Corp. and Hewitt Associates LLC.

     In the course of its deliberations, our board of directors also
considered, among other things, the following positive factors:



the fact that the merger consideration is all cash, which
provides certainty of value to our stockholders compared to a
transaction in which our stockholders would receive stock;



the fact that the $17.00 per share to be paid to the holders of
common stock as the consideration in the merger represents a premium
of approximately 66% over the closing price of ProBusiness common
stock on the last full trading day prior to the public announcement
of the execution of the merger agreement and a 77% premium over the
average closing price of the shares for the 30 trading days prior to
such announcement (as described below in Opinion of Goldman
Sachs);



the financial presentation of Goldman, Sachs & Co. on January
3, 2003 and the opinion of Goldman Sachs delivered on January 5,
2003 to our board of directors, subsequently confirmed by delivery of
a written opinion dated January 5, 2003, to the effect that, as of
the date of the written opinion and based upon and subject to the
factors and assumptions set forth in the written opinion, the $17.00
per share in cash to be received by holders of our common stock
pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a financial point of
view to those holders (the full text of the written opinion, which
sets forth the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken by Goldman Sachs
in connection with the opinion, is attached as Annex B to the proxy
statement);



the terms of the merger agreement, including the parties
representations, warranties and covenants, the conditions to their
respective obligations, the termination fee and the treatment of
outstanding options;

-18-





the fact that we may respond in the manner provided in the
merger agreement to certain unsolicited acquisition proposals (as
described below in The Merger AgreementNo
Solicitation) that our board of directors determines in good faith
constitute or are reasonably likely to lead to a superior offer, and we
may terminate the merger agreement under certain circumstances to enter
into a superior offer (as described below in The Merger
AgreementTermination);



that, under the terms of the merger agreement, ADP must pay us
a $25 million termination fee if the merger agreement is terminated
in certain limited circumstances; and



the effect of the stockholder support agreement signed by
Thomas H. Sinton and parties affiliated with him and the stockholder
support agreement signed by entities affiliated with General Atlantic
Partners, LLC, who together with Mr. Sinton and the parties related
to him are our largest stockholders.

     In approving the merger, our board of directors also took into account a
number of negative factors, including the following:



the possibility that the merger will not be consummated and the
potential negative effect of the public announcement of the merger on
demand for our services, our operating results and stock price, our
relationships with strategic partners and our ability to retain key
management, sales and marketing and technical personnel;



the costs, potential length and risks of the regulatory review
process;



that, under the terms of the merger agreement, we must pay to
ADP a $25 million termination fee if the merger agreement is
terminated in certain limited circumstances; and



our stockholders would not participate in any future increase
in our value.

     During its consideration of the merger, our board of directors was also
aware that some of our directors and executive officers may have interests in
the merger that are different from or in addition to those of our stockholders
generally, as described in The MergerInterests of ProBusiness Directors and
Management in the Merger.

     The preceding discussion of the information and factors considered by our
board of directors is not, and is not intended to be, exhaustive. In light of
the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the
merger and the complexity of these matters, our board of directors did not find
it practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise attempt to assign
relative weights to the various factors considered in reaching its
determination. In addition, our board of directors did not undertake to make
any specific determination as to whether any particular factor, or any aspect
of any particular factor, was favorable or unfavorable to the ultimate
determination of our board of directors, but rather, our board of directors
conducted an overall analysis of the factors described above, including
discussions with and questioning of our senior management and legal and
financial advisors.

Board of Directors Recommendation. 
After careful consideration, our board
of directors has unanimously determined that the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are advisable and fair to,
and are in our and your best interest and declared the merger to be

-19-



advisable
and approved and adopted the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
by it. Our board of directors unanimously recommended that our stockholders
vote for the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the
merger.

Opinion of Goldman Sachs

     Goldman Sachs rendered its opinion to our board of directors that, as of
January 5, 2003, and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set
forth in the written opinion, the $17.00 per share in cash to be received by
holders of the outstanding shares of our common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement is fair from a financial point of view to such holders.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated January 5,
2003, which sets forth assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the
opinion, is attached as Annex B to this proxy statement. Our stockholders
should read the opinion in its entirety. Goldman Sachs provided its opinion
for the information and assistance of our board of directors in connection with
its consideration of the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement. The
Goldman Sachs opinion is not a recommendation as to how any holder of our stock
should vote with respect to such transaction.

     In connection with rendering the opinion described above and performing
its related financial analyses, Goldman Sachs reviewed, among other things:



the merger agreement;



Annual Reports to our stockholders and our Annual Reports on Form
10-K for the four fiscal years ended June 30, 2002;



certain interim reports to our stockholders and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q;



certain other communications from us to our stockholders; and



certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for ProBusiness prepared by our management.

     Goldman Sachs also held discussions with members of our senior management
regarding their assessment of the past and current business operations,
financial condition, and future prospects of ProBusiness. In addition, Goldman
Sachs reviewed the reported price and trading activity for our common stock,
compared certain financial and stock market information for ProBusiness with
similar information for certain other companies the securities of which are
publicly traded, reviewed the financial terms of certain recent business
combinations in the financial processing industry specifically and in other
industries generally and performed such other studies and analyses as it
considered appropriate.

     Goldman Sachs relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial, accounting, tax and other information discussed with or reviewed by
it and assumed such accuracy and completeness for purposes of rendering the
opinion described above. In addition, Goldman Sachs did not make an
independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets and liabilities (including
any derivative or off-balance-sheet assets and liabilities) of ProBusiness or
any of our subsidiaries. No evaluation or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities of ProBusiness or any of its subsidiaries was furnished to Goldman
Sachs.

-20-



     The following is a summary of the material financial analyses used by
Goldman Sachs in connection with rendering the opinion described above. The
following summary, however, does not purport to be a complete description of
the financial analyses performed by Goldman Sachs. The order of analyses
described does not represent relative importance or weight given to those
analyses by Goldman Sachs. Some of the summaries of the financial analyses
include information presented in tabular format. The tables must be read
together with the full text of each summary and are alone not a complete
description of Goldman Sachs financial analyses. Except as otherwise noted,
the following quantitative information, to the extent that it is based on
market data, is based on market data as it existed on or before January 3,
2003, and is not necessarily indicative of current market conditions.

Historical Stock Trading Analysis
. Goldman Sachs analyzed the consideration to be
received by holders of the shares of our common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement in relation to the closing price on January 3, 2003 and the average
closing market price of our common stock for selected periods through January
3, 2003.

     This analysis indicated that the price per share to be paid to our common
stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement represented:



a premium of 65.7% based on the January 3, 2003, closing market
price of $10.26 per share;



a premium of 68.8% based on the one-week average closing market
price of $10.07 per share through January 3, 2003;



a premium of 77.2% based on the one-month average closing
market price of $9.59 per share through January 3, 2003;



a premium of 96.4% based on the six-month average closing
market price of $8.65 per share through January 3, 2003; and



a premium of 27.6% based on the one-year average closing market
price of $13.32 per share through January 3, 2003.

Illustrative Present Values of Implied Future Share Prices
. Goldman Sachs
performed analyses to determine the illustrative present value of our common
stock as of January 2003, based on implied future share prices of our common
stock as of June 2006. The analyses were based on our managements
projections.

     Goldman Sachs determined the implied future value of common stock prices
by applying forward earnings multiples ranging from 10 times to 30 times to
estimated earnings per share for fiscal year 2007 based on our managements
projections and assuming a range of compounded annual revenue growth rates of
7.5% to 15.0%. Goldman Sachs then applied a discount rate of 12.0% to the
implied future common stock prices to determine the present value of these
implied future common stock prices. Based on these assumptions Goldman Sachs
derived theoretical illustrative present values ranging from $4.02 to $20.21
per share for the implied future common stock prices.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis
. Goldman Sachs performed a discounted cash
flow analysis on ProBusiness. Goldman Sachs used our managements projections
of free cash flows for ProBusiness for the

-21-



fiscal years 2003 through 2006 and
calculated ranges of illustrative implied future equity values of ProBusiness
in fiscal 2006 based on terminal multiples ranging from 10 times fiscal year
2007 estimated earnings to 30 times fiscal year 2007 estimated earnings. The
annual future cash flows and these ranges of illustrative implied future equity
values were then discounted to calculate ranges of illustrative implied present
values per common share using discount rates ranging from 10.0% to 14.0%. This
analysis indicated a range of illustrative implied present values for the
shares of ProBusiness common stock of $6.60 to $21.39 per share.

Selected Companies Analysis
. Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared certain
financial information for ProBusiness to corresponding financial information,
ratios and public market multiples for the following publicly traded
corporations in the financial processing industry:



Alliance Data Systems Corporation;



Automatic Data Processing, Inc.;



Ceridian Corporation;



Certegy Inc.;



ChoicePoint Inc.;



Concord EFS, Inc.;



First Data Corporation;



Fiserv, Inc.;



Global Payments Inc.;



InterCept, Inc.;



Jack Henry & Associates, Inc.; and



Paychex, Inc.

     Although none of the selected companies is directly comparable to us, the
companies included were chosen because they are publicly traded companies with
operations that for purposes of analysis may be considered similar to certain
of our operations.

     Goldman Sachs also calculated and compared various financial multiples and
ratios based on financial data as of January 3, 2003, information it obtained
from SEC filings and I/B/E/S International Inc., or IBES, estimates. The
multiples and ratios of ProBusiness were also based on information provided by
our management.

     With respect to the selected companies and ProBusiness, Goldman Sachs calculated:

-22-





Fully diluted levered market capitalization, which is the fully
diluted market value of common equity using the treasury stock method
plus the liquidation value of preferred stock, plus the book value of
debt, less cash and cash equivalents, as a multiple of the last twelve months revenue;



Fully diluted levered market capitalization as a multiple of
the last twelve months earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization, or EBITDA; and



Fully diluted levered market capitalization as a multiple of
the last twelve months earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT.

     The results of these analyses are summarized as follows:

Selected Financial Processing

Companies

Fully Diluted Levered

ProBusiness

Market Capitalization

Transaction

as a Multiple of:

Range

Median

Multiples

LTM Revenue

1.9x-10.8x

3.0x

2.7x

LTM EBITDA

9.0x-25.2x

11.5x

NM*

LTM EBIT

11.4x-28.6x

14.5x

NM*

     * In the last twelve months, we had negative EBITDA and EBIT

-23-



     Based on
IBES median earnings per share estimates, Goldman Sachs also calculated the selected companies price to
calendarized earnings ratio multiples and compared these ratios to the ratios
for ProBusiness. The following table presents the results of this analysis:

Selected Financial

Processing Companies

Calendarized P/E Multiples:

Range

Median

ProBusiness

15.9x-38.2x

23.1x

NM

13.7x-33.6x

20.3x

NM

Selected Transactions Analysis. 
Goldman Sachs analyzed certain publicly
available information relating to the following selected transactions in the
financial processing industry since April 1998:



ABR Information Services, Inc. / Ceridian Corporation;



Advantage Payroll Services, Inc. / Paychex, Inc.;



HNC Software Inc. / Fair, Isaac & Company, Inc.;



MoneyGram Payment Systems, Inc. / Viad Corporation;



NOVA Corporation / U.S. Bancorp;



PMT Services, Inc. / NOVA Corporation; and



USCS International, Inc. / DST Systems, Inc.

     For each of the selected transactions, Goldman Sachs calculated the
levered market capitalization as a multiple of the last twelve months
revenues, EBITDA and EBIT; equity consideration as a multiple of projected net
income; and the premium to the targets average closing market price as of one
day prior and one month prior to the announcement of the transaction, and
compared these to the proposed transaction.

-24-



     The following table presents the results of this analysis:

Selected Transactions

Range

Median

Proposed Transaction

Levered
Market Capitalization as a Multiple of LTM Revenues

1.5x-7.7x

2.9x

2.7x

Levered
Market Capitalization as a Multiple of LTM EBITDA

12.5x-42.0x

19.5x

NM

Levered
Market Capitalization as a Multiple of LTM EBIT

19.8x-100.9x

32.2x

NM

Equity
Consideration as a
Multiple of
Projected Net
Income*

22.5x-38.9x

26.8x

NM

Premium to Market
1-Day Prior to
Announcement

8.6%-53.1

%

29.5

%

65.7

%

Premium to the
Average Market
Close 1-Month Prior
to Announcement

24.4%-63.4

%

39.2

%

77.2

%

     *Based on IBES median estimate of earnings for the fiscal year following
the transaction

     Goldman Sachs also analyzed certain publicly available information
relating to selected transactions in the technology industry between $250 and
$600 million since January 2001. For each of the selected transactions,
Goldman Sachs calculated the premium to the targets average closing market
price as of one day, one week and one month prior to the announcement of the
transaction, and compared these to the proposed transaction.

-25-



     The following table presents the results of this analysis:

Selected Transactions

Proposed Transaction

Range

Median

Premium to Market
1-Day Prior to
Announcement

8.3%-87.5

%

38.5

%

65.7

%

Premium to the
Average Market
Close 1 Week Prior
to Announcement

10.2%-80.1

%

33.5

%

68.8

%

Premium to the
Average Market
Close 1 Month Prior
to Announcement

2.3%-111.4

%

49.2

%

77.2

%

     In addition, Goldman Sachs analyzed certain publicly available information
relating to selected transactions in all industries between $250 and $600
million since February 2002. For each of the selected transactions Goldman
Sachs calculated and compared the premium to the targets average closing
market price as of one day, one week and one month prior to the announcement of
the transaction.

     The following table presents the results of this analysis:

Selected Transactions

Proposed Transaction

Range

Median

Premium to Market
1-Day Prior to
Announcement

8.3%-72.3

%

27.3

%

65.7

%

Premium to the
Average Market
Close 1 Week Prior
to Announcement

7.0%-67.0

%

23.3

%

68.8

%

Premium to the
Average Market
Close 1 Month Prior to
Announcement

2.3%-66.6

%

30.4

%

77.2

%

-26-



     The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Selecting
portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering
the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes
underlying Goldman Sachs opinion. In arriving at its fairness determination,
Goldman Sachs considered the results of all of its analyses and did not
attribute any particular weight to any factor or analysis considered by it.
Rather, Goldman Sachs made its determination as to fairness on the basis of its
experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all of
its analyses. No company or transaction used in the above analyses as a
comparison is directly comparable to ProBusiness or the contemplated
transaction.

     Goldman Sachs prepared these analyses solely for purposes of Goldman
Sachs providing its opinion to our board of directors as to the fairness from
a financial point of view of the transaction contemplated by the merger
agreement. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily
reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold.
Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily indicative
of actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than suggested by these analyses. Because these analyses are inherently subject
to uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control
of the parties or their respective advisors, none of ProBusiness, Goldman Sachs
or any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially
different from those forecast.

     As described above, Goldman Sachs opinion to our board of directors was
one of many factors taken into consideration by our board of directors in
making its determination to approve the merger agreement. The foregoing
summary does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed
by Goldman Sachs in connection with the fairness opinion and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the written opinion of Goldman Sachs attached as
Annex B to this proxy statement.

     Goldman Sachs, as part of its investment banking business, is continually
engaged in performing financial analyses with respect to businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities and private placements as well as for estate, corporate and
other purposes. Goldman Sachs is familiar with ProBusiness having provided
certain investment banking services to us from time to time, including having
acted as our financial advisor in connection with, and having participated in
certain of the negotiations leading to, the merger agreement.

     Our board of directors selected Goldman Sachs as our financial advisor
because it is an internationally recognized investment banking firm that has
substantial experience in transactions similar to the transaction contemplated
by the merger agreement. Goldman Sachs also has provided certain investment
banking services to ADP from time to time. Goldman Sachs also may provide
investment banking services to ADP in the future.

     Goldman Sachs provides a full range of financial, advisory and securities
services and, in the course of its normal trading activities, may from time to
time effect transactions and hold positions in securities, including derivative
securities, of ProBusiness for its own account and for the account of
customers.

-27-



     Pursuant to a letter agreement dated October 3, 2002 and signed by us on
October 22, 2002, we engaged Goldman Sachs to act as our financial advisor in
connection with the possible sale of all or a portion of us. Pursuant to the
terms of this engagement letter, we agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a transaction
fee of the greater of (i) 1.5% of the aggregate consideration paid in the
transaction and (ii) $2,500,000. One hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) of
this transaction fee was paid upon the execution of the engagement letter and
the remainder is payable upon consummation of the transaction. In addition, we
agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs for its reasonable expenses, including
attorneys fees and disbursements, and to indemnify Goldman Sachs and related
persons against various liabilities, including certain liabilities under the
federal securities laws.

Interests Of ProBusiness Directors And Management In The Merger

     In considering the recommendation of our board of directors in favor of
the merger, you should be aware that members of our board of directors and our
executive officers have interests in the merger that are different from, or in
addition to, your interests.

     Each such additional interest is described below, to the extent material,
and except as described below, such persons have, to our knowledge, no material
interest in the merger apart from those of stockholders generally.

Indemnification and Insurance

     The merger agreement provides that all rights of indemnification and
exculpation provisions in favor of our current or former directors or officers
under our certificate of incorporation or bylaws and any of our existing
indemnification agreements in effect as of the date of the merger agreement
will be assumed. ADP has agreed to, and to cause ProBusiness as the surviving
corporation to, fulfill and honor in all respects those obligations. The
merger agreement further provides that for six years after the effective time
of the merger, ADP will cause ProBusiness as the surviving corporation to
maintain in effect our current policies of directors and officers liability
insurance. ADPs obligation to provide this insurance coverage is subject to a
cap of 200% of the current annual premium paid by us for our existing insurance
coverage. If ADP cannot maintain the existing insurance coverage without
exceeding the 200% cap, ADP is required to maintain as much insurance coverage
as can be obtained by paying an annual premium equal to the 200% cap. ADP,
however, may satisfy its obligations by purchasing a tail policy under our
existing directors and officers liability insurance covering those persons
who were, as of the date of the merger agreement, covered by our directors and
officers liability insurance policy, on terms and conditions (including,
coverage amounts) which are no less advantageous than those in effect on the
date of the merger agreement.

Stock Options. 
Options to purchase our common stock held by our
executive officers and directors, like other options, will vest in full and be
cancelled upon the completion of the merger in exchange for a cash payment
equal to the excess, if any, of the $17.00 per share merger consideration over
the per share option exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares of
common stock subject to the option.

Preferred Stock. 
As of December 31, 2002, entities affiliated with
General Atlantic Partners, LLC owned 1,132,075 shares of our preferred stock
(plus accrued but unpaid dividends payable in 203,545 additional shares of
preferred stock). David C. Hodgson is one of our directors and is a managing
member of General Atlantic Partners, LLC. Our certificate of incorporation
provides that if a sales transaction (such as the merger) occurs, the holders
of our preferred stock are entitled to elect to treat such event as a
liquidation event and receive the liquidation amount stated in the certificate
of incorporation prior to the holders of

-28-



common stock receiving any
consideration for their shares. The holders of our preferred stock are also
entitled
to receive dividends in the form of additional shares of our preferred
stock. The holders of preferred stock have previously elected to deem the
merger a liquidation event and are entitled to receive the stated liquidation
amount, which is equal to the original preferred stock purchase price of $26.50
in cash for each share of preferred stock held by them (including accrued but
unpaid dividends payable in shares of preferred stock).

Employment Agreements. 
Messrs. Sinton, Bizzack, Blalock, Corcoran and
Klei have entered into employment agreements with us. These agreements provide
that each of the executive officers will receive a base salary and a bonus of
up to a specified amount of base salary. These agreements also provide that
employment is at will, but if employment is terminated without cause, the
executive officer is entitled to a single, lump-sum payment equal to twelve
(12) months of the executive officers salary and continuation of benefits for
twelve (12) months.

     If, within eighteen (18) months of a change of control (which includes
the merger), the executive officers employment with us is terminated in an
involuntary termination (as defined in each employment agreement), then the
executive officer is entitled to receive (in lieu of the 12-month severance
benefits listed above) a single, lump-sum payment equal to eighteen (18) months
of the executive officers salary, continuation of benefits for eighteen (18)
months, and the payment of any earned but unpaid bonuses.

Fiscal Year 2003 Bonus. 
Under our fiscal year 2003 bonus plan, we had
previously agreed to pay bonuses to our executive officers and most of our
other employees conditioned upon us meeting or exceeding certain targets for
fiscal year 2003. In connection with the merger, we have agreed to pay these
bonuses regardless of whether we meet or exceed our targets. Under the fiscal
year 2003 bonus plan, Mr. Sinton will receive $114,000 and Messrs. Bizzack,
Blalock, Corcoran and Klei will each receive $95,000 in July or August 2003,
provided that they are still employees at such time. In the event an
executive officer is terminated in an involuntary termination (as defined in
each executives employment agreement) by us or our successor prior to the
payment of the fiscal year 2003 bonus, the executive is entitled to receive a
pro rata portion of the executives fiscal year 2003 bonus based on the portion
of fiscal year 2003 that the executive is employed by us or our successor.

Executive Retention Program. 
In connection with the merger, we
established an executive retention program. Under the executive retention
program, Messrs. Bizzack, Blalock and Klei may be eligible to receive cash
bonuses for retention purposes following the merger. Provided that these
executives are still employees at such times and that the merger has been
consummated, $125,000 will be paid on December 31, 2003, $125,00 will be paid
on June 30, 2004 and $250,000 will be paid on June 30, 2005. In the event one
of these executives is terminated by us or our successor for reasons other than
cause prior to the first anniversary of the closing of the merger, the
executive will receive $250,000 under the executive retention program.

Sabbatical
Termination Plan. 
We had previously offered our employees
(including our executive
officers) a sabbatical program whereby an employee (including an executive
officer) is eligible to six weeks of paid sabbatical leave for each four years of
service. In connection with the merger, we are modifying the sabbatical program,
effective only if the merger closes, to provide for some amount of cash payment to our
employees (including our executive officers). We are currently
finalizing the terms of this program. Under the sabbatical
termination plan, the maximum amount Messrs. Bizzack, Blalock, Corcoran and Klei could be eligible
to receive would be $28,900, $28,900, $13,700 and $28,900, respectively.

-29-



Other Recent Events

Deferred Bonus Plan. 
We adopted deferred bonus plans in fiscal years 2001
and 2002 for our executive officers and some of our other senior employees. In
December 2002, certain accrued but unpaid bonuses under the fiscal year 2001
and the fiscal year 2002 deferred bonus plan were accelerated and paid. Under
the fiscal year 2001 bonus plan, Mr. Sinton received $75,300 and Messrs.
Bizzack, Blalock, Klei and Corcoran each received $62,800. Under the fiscal
year 2002 bonus plan, Mr. Sinton received $347,200 and Messrs. Bizzack,
Blalock, Klei and Corcoran each received $240,400. No further amounts are
payable to any of Messrs. Sinton, Bizzack, Blalock, Klei and Corcoran under the
2001 and 2002 deferred bonus plan.

SmartTime, Inc. 
Mr. Sinton and certain affiliates of General Atlantic
Partners, LLC are the principal owners of an interim holding company that is
the principal stockholder of SmartTime, Inc. Mr. Sinton is our President, Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman. Mr. Hodgson is a member of our board of
directors and is a managing member of General Atlantic Partners, LLC, which
together with certain of its affiliates owns more than 15% of our outstanding
stock. Because Mr. Sinton is an officer and Mr. Sinton and Mr. Hodgson are
each directors, transactions or relationships between SmartTime and us are
entered into on an arms-length basis and are approved by our disinterested
directors.

     In January 2003, our disinterested directors authorized management to
enter into an agreement to license up to $650,000 of technology
from SmartTime. The terms of such licenses will be negotiated on an
arms-length basis and approved by our disinterested directors.

Appraisal Rights

     The discussion of the provisions set forth below is not a complete summary
regarding your appraisal rights under Delaware law and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the text of the relevant provisions of Delaware law,
which are attached to this proxy statement as Annex C. Stockholders intending
to exercise appraisal rights should carefully review Annex C. Failure to
follow precisely any of the statutory procedures set forth in Annex C may
result in a termination or waiver of these rights.

     Under stockholder support agreements with ADP, certain entities affiliated
with General Atlantic Partners, LLC (the holders of 100% of our outstanding
preferred stock) and Thomas H. Sinton and parties affiliated with him have
agreed to waive and prevent the exercise of any rights of appraisal or rights
of dissent they may have in connection with the merger.

     If the merger is consummated, dissenting holders of our common stock who
follow the procedures specified in Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporate Law within the appropriate time periods will be entitled to have
their shares of our common stock appraised by a court and to receive the fair
value of such shares in cash as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery
in lieu of the consideration that such stockholder would otherwise be entitled
to receive pursuant to the merger agreement.

     The following is a brief summary of Section 262, which sets forth the
procedures for dissenting from the merger and demanding statutory appraisal
rights. Failure to follow the procedures set forth in Section 262 precisely
could result in the loss of appraisal rights. This proxy statement constitutes
notice to holders of our common stock and preferred stock concerning the
availability of appraisal rights under Section 262. A stockholder of record
wishing to assert appraisal rights must hold the shares of stock on the date of
making a demand for appraisal rights with respect to such shares and must
continuously hold such shares through the effective time of the merger.

-30-



     Stockholders who desire to exercise their appraisal rights must satisfy
all of the conditions of Section 262. A written demand for appraisal of shares
must be filed with us before the special meeting on , 2003. This written
demand for appraisal of shares must be in addition to and separate from a vote
against the merger. Stockholders electing to exercise their appraisal rights
must not vote for the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the
approval of the merger. Also, because a submitted proxy not marked against
or abstain will be voted for the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and approve the merger, the submission of a proxy not marked
against or abstain will result in the waiver of appraisal rights. Any
proxy or vote against the merger will not constitute a demand for appraisal
within the meaning of Section 262.

     A demand for appraisal must be executed by or for the stockholder of
record, fully and correctly, as such stockholders name appears on the share
certificate. If the shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such
as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, this demand must be executed by or for
the fiduciary. If the shares are owned by or for more than one person, as in a
joint tenancy or tenancy in common, such demand must be executed by or for all
joint owners. An authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint
owners, may execute the demand for appraisal for a stockholder of record;
however, the agent must identify the record owner and expressly disclose the
fact that, in exercising the demand, he is acting as agent for the record
owner. A person having a beneficial interest in our stock held of record in
the name of another person, such as a broker or nominee, must act promptly to
cause the record holder to follow the steps summarized below and in a timely
manner to perfect whatever appraisal rights the beneficial owners may have.

     A ProBusiness stockholder who elects to exercise appraisal rights should
mail or deliver his, her or its written demand to us at our address at 4125
Hopyard Road, Pleasanton, California 94588, Attention: Corporate Secretary.
The written demand for appraisal should specify the stockholders name and
mailing address, and that the stockholder is thereby demanding appraisal of
his, her or its ProBusiness common stock. Within ten days after the effective
time of the merger, we must provide notice of the effective time of the merger
to all of our stockholders who have complied with Section 262 and have not
voted for the merger.

     Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger (but not
thereafter), any stockholder who has satisfied the requirements of Section 262
may deliver to us a written demand for a statement listing the aggregate number
of shares not voted in favor of the merger and with respect to which demands
for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such
shares. We, as the surviving corporation in the merger, must mail such written
statement to the stockholder no later than the later of 10 days after the
stockholders request is received by us or 10 days after the latest date for
delivery of a demand for appraisal under Section 262.

     Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger (but not
thereafter), either we or any stockholder who has complied with the required
conditions of Section 262 and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal rights may
file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a determination of
the fair value of the ProBusiness shares of stockholders entitled to appraisal
rights. We have no present intention to file such a petition if demand for
appraisal is made.

     Upon the filing of any petition by a stockholder in accordance with
Section 262, service of a copy must be made upon us, and we must, within 20
days after service, file in the office of the Register in Chancery in which the
petition was filed, a duly verified list containing the names and addresses of
all stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and with whom
agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached by us. If we
file a petition, the petition must be accompanied by the verified

-31-



list. The
Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the court, will give notice of the time
and place fixed for the hearing of such petition by registered or certified
mail to us and to the stockholders shown on the list at the
addresses therein stated, and notice will also be given by publishing a
notice at least one week before the day of the hearing in a newspaper of
general circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware, or such
publication as the court deems advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and
by publication must be approved by the court, and we will bear the costs
associated with this. The Delaware Court of Chancery may require the
stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their shares (and who hold
stock represented by certificates) to submit their stock certificates to the
Register in Chancery for notation of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings
and the Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to any
stockholder that fails to comply with such direction.

     If a petition for an appraisal is filed in a timely fashion, after a
hearing on the petition, the court will determine which stockholders are
entitled to appraisal rights and will appraise the shares owned by these
stockholders, determining the fair value of such shares, exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger,
together with a fair rate of interest to be paid, if any, upon the amount
determined to be the fair value.

     ProBusiness stockholders considering seeking appraisal of their shares
should note that the fair value of their shares determined under Section 262
could be more, the same or less than the consideration they would receive
pursuant to the merger agreement if they did not seek appraisal of their
shares. The costs of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the court
and taxed against the parties as the court deems equitable under the
circumstances. Upon application of a dissenting stockholder, the court may
order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any dissenting
stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including reasonable
attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata
against the value of all shares entitled to appraisal. In the absence of a
determination or assessment, each party bears his, her or its own expenses.
The exchange of shares for cash pursuant to the exercise of appraisal rights
will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and
possibly state, local and foreign income tax purposes as well. See Material
United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger.

     Any stockholder who has duly demanded appraisal in compliance with Section
262 will not, after the effective time of the merger, be entitled to vote for
any purpose the shares subject to demand or to receive payment of dividends or
other distributions on such shares, except for dividends or distributions
payable to stockholders of record at a date prior to the effective time of the
merger.

     At any time within 60 days after the effective time of the merger, any
stockholder will have the right to withdraw his demand for appraisal and to
accept the terms offered in the merger agreement. After this period, a
stockholder may withdraw his demand for appraisal and receive payment for his
shares as provided in the merger agreement only with our consent. If no
petition for appraisal is filed with the court within 120 days after the
effective time of the merger, stockholders rights to appraisal (if available)
will cease. Inasmuch as we have no obligation to file such a petition, any
stockholder who desires a petition to be filed is advised to file it on a
timely basis. No petition timely filed in the court demanding appraisal may be
dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the court, which
approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the court deems just.

     Failure by any ProBusiness stockholder to comply fully with the procedures
described above and set forth in Annex C to this proxy statement may result in
termination of such stockholders appraisal rights.

-32-



Accounting Treatment

     The merger will be accounted for as a purchase transaction for financial
accounting purposes.

Form of The Merger

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and in
accordance with Delaware law, at the effective time of the merger, ADP Merger
Corp., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of ADP and a party to the merger
agreement, will merge with and into us. We will survive the merger as an
indirect wholly owned Delaware subsidiary of ADP.

Merger Consideration

Preferred Stock. 
At the effective time of the merger, in accordance with
our certificate of incorporation, pursuant to the merger agreement and further
to the election previously made by each entity affiliated with General Atlantic
Partners, LLC (being the holders of 100% of our preferred stock), each share of
preferred stock (including accrued but unpaid dividends payable in shares of
preferred stock) will be converted into the right to receive $26.50 in cash,
without interest. As of December 31, 2002, 1,132,075 shares of preferred stock
were outstanding (plus accrued but unpaid dividends payable in 203,545
additional shares of preferred stock). Assuming the merger closed on December
31, 2002, the holders of our preferred stock would have received an aggregate
payment of $35,393,930 for the shares of preferred stock held by them.

Common Stock. 
At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share
of our common stock, other than treasury shares, shares held by ADP or ADP
Merger Corp. and those shares held by stockholders who perfect their appraisal
rights (as described in The MergerAppraisal Rights), will be converted into
the right to receive $17.00 in cash, without interest.

     As of the effective time of the merger, all shares of our common stock and
preferred stock will no longer be outstanding and will automatically be
canceled and will cease to exist and each holder of a certificate representing
any shares of our common stock or preferred stock (other than stockholders who
have perfected their appraisal rights) will cease to have any rights as a
stockholder, except the right to receive $17.00 in cash per share of common
stock or $26.50 in cash per share of preferred stock (including accrued but
unpaid dividends payable in shares of preferred stock). The price of $17.00
per share of common stock was determined through arms-length negotiations
between ADP and us.

Conversion of Shares; Procedures For Exchange Of Certificates

     The conversion of our common stock and preferred stock into the right to
receive $17.00 and $26.50 per share in cash, without interest, respectively,
will occur automatically at the effective time of the merger. Promptly after
the effective time of the merger, the exchange agent will send a letter of
transmittal to each former ProBusiness stockholder. The letter of transmittal
will contain instructions for obtaining cash in exchange for shares of our
common stock and preferred stock. You should not return stock certificates
with the enclosed proxy.

     Upon surrender of a stock certificate representing shares of our common
stock or preferred stock, together with a duly completed and validly executed
letter of transmittal, and any other documents that may be reasonably required
by the exchange agent, the holder of the certificate will be entitled to
receive promptly from the exchange agent, on behalf of ADP, $17.00 in cash for
each share of common stock represented by

-33-



the stock certificate and $26.50 in
cash for each share of preferred stock represented by the stock certificate,
and that stock certificate will be canceled.

     In the event of a transfer of ownership of our common stock or preferred
stock that is not registered in our stock transfer books, the merger
consideration for shares of our common stock and preferred stock may be paid to
a person other than the person in whose name the surrendered certificate is
registered if:



the certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise is in proper form for transfer, and



the person requesting such payment:



pays any transfer or other taxes resulting from the
payment to a person other than the registered holder of the
certificate; or



establishes to ADP that the tax has been paid or is not
payable.

     No interest will be paid or accrue on any cash payable upon the surrender
of stock certificates representing shares of our common stock or preferred
stock. The cash paid upon conversion of shares of our common stock and
preferred stock will be issued in full satisfaction of all rights relating to
the shares of our common stock and preferred stock.

     If your stock certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, the exchange
agent will deliver to you the applicable merger consideration for the shares
represented by that certificate if:



you make an affidavit claiming such certificate has been lost,
stolen or destroyed; and



if requested by ADP or ProBusiness, as the surviving
corporation in the merger, you must post a bond in a reasonable
amount as indemnity against any claim that may be made with respect
to that certificate against us, ADP, ProBusiness, as the surviving
corporation in the merger, or the exchange agent.

Effect On Awards Outstanding Under ProBusiness Stock Plans

Stock Options. 
Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding option to
purchase our common stock with an exercise price less than $17.00 will be
canceled and the holder of that option will be entitled to receive a one-time
cash payment equal to the number of shares of our common stock subject to the
option (whether vested or unvested), multiplied by the difference between
$17.00 and the per share exercise price of the option. For example, if you
have an option to purchase 100 shares of our common stock at an exercise price
of $10.00 per share, you will be entitled to receive a one-time cash payment of
$700.00 (the difference between $17.00 and $10.00 multiplied by 100).

     Each outstanding option to purchase our common stock with an exercise
price equal to or greater than $17.00 will be canceled without payment.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan
. Under the merger agreement, we must take
all actions necessary to shorten all offering periods under our 2002 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan such that all offering periods terminate immediately prior
to the effective time of the merger. The 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
will terminate upon completion of the merger.

-34-



Effective Time Of The Merger

     The merger will become effective upon the filing of a certificate of
merger with the Delaware Secretary of State or at such later time as is agreed
upon by ADP and us and specified in the certificate of
merger. The filing of the certificate of merger will occur as soon as
practicable on the closing date, which will not be later than the second
business day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the completion
of the merger described in the merger agreement or such other date as we and
ADP agree.

Delisting And Deregistration Of ProBusiness Common Stock

     If the merger is completed, our common stock will no longer be traded on
The Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. There is no public market for our preferred stock.

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences Of The Merger

     This Section discusses the material United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger to our stockholders whose shares of our common stock
and preferred stock are surrendered in the merger in exchange for the right to
receive cash consideration of $17.00 and $26.50 per share, respectively, or who
receive cash in respect of dissenting shares of our stock. The discussion
below applies only to our stockholders that hold our common stock or preferred
stock as capital assets at the time of the merger, and the discussion may not
apply to:



stockholders that are subject to special tax rules, such as
financial institutions, insurance companies, dealers in securities,
persons that mark-to-market their securities, or persons that hold
common stock as part of a straddle, hedge or synthetic security
transaction (including a conversion transaction);



persons with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar;



investors in pass-through entities;



retirement plans and tax-exempt organizations;



stockholders who acquired our common stock pursuant to the
exercise of stock options, pursuant to participation in an employee
stock purchase plan or otherwise as compensation; or



stockholders that are nonresident alien individuals, foreign
corporations, foreign partnerships, foreign trusts or foreign
estates.

     The discussion below is based upon United States federal income tax laws
or interpretations as in effect as of the date of this proxy statement and does
not take into account possible changes in these tax laws or interpretations,
any of which may be applied retroactively. The discussion does not include any
description of the tax laws of any state, local or foreign government that may
be applicable to our stockholders.

     For United States federal income tax purposes, a ProBusiness stockholder
generally will recognize capital gain or capital loss equal to the difference
between the cash received by the stockholder pursuant to the merger or in
respect of a dissenting share, as the case may be, and the stockholders
adjusted tax basis in

-35-



the shares of our stock surrendered. Gain or loss will
be calculated separately for each block of shares converted in the merger or
surrendered pursuant to the exercise of appraisal rights, as the case may be
(i.e., shares acquired at the same cost in a single transaction). If at the
time of the merger a non-corporate stockholders holding period for the shares
of our stock is more than one year, any gain recognized generally will be
subject to United States federal income tax at a maximum rate of 20%. If the
non-corporate stockholders holding period for the shares of our stock is one
year or less at the time of the merger, any gain
will be subject to United States federal income tax at the same rate as
ordinary income. There are limits on the deductibility of capital losses.

     For corporations, capital gain is taxed at the same rate as ordinary
income, and capital loss in excess of capital gain is not deductible.
Corporations, however, generally may carry back capital losses up to three
taxable years and carry forward capital losses up to five taxable years.

     Cash consideration received by our non-corporate stockholders in the
merger or in respect of a dissenting share of our stock, as the case may be,
may be subject to backup withholding at a 30% rate. Backup withholding
generally will apply only if the stockholder fails to furnish a correct social
security number or other taxpayer identification number, or otherwise fails to
comply with applicable backup withholding rules and certification requirements.
Corporations generally are exempt from backup withholding. Each non-corporate
stockholder should complete and sign the substitute Form W-9 that will be part
of the letter of transmittal to be returned to the exchange agent in order to
provide the information and certification necessary to avoid backup
withholding, unless an applicable exemption exists and is otherwise proved in a
manner satisfactory to the exchange agent.

     Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as
a credit against the stockholders United States federal income tax liability
and may entitle the stockholder to a refund, provided the stockholder furnishes
specified required information to the Internal Revenue Service.

Holders of our stock are strongly urged to consult their tax advisors as
to the specific tax consequences to them of the merger, including the
applicability and effect of United States federal, state, local and foreign
income and other tax laws in their particular circumstances.

Regulatory Matters

United States Antitrust
. Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976 and the rules that have been promulgated under the
Act, acquisitions of a sufficient size, including the merger, may not be
completed unless information has been furnished to the Antitrust Division of
the Department of Justice and to the Federal Trade Commission and applicable
waiting period requirements have been satisfied or early termination of the
waiting period has been granted. Both ADP and ProBusiness have filed the
required notification and report forms.

     It is possible that the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or
the Federal Trade Commission may choose to challenge the merger on antitrust
grounds either before or after expiration of the waiting period. Accordingly,
at any time before or after the completion of the merger, either the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission could
take action under the antitrust laws, including seeking to enjoin the merger.
Additionally, at any time before or after the completion of the merger,
notwithstanding that the applicable waiting period has expired or ended, any
state could take action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest. We cannot be sure that a challenge to the
merger will not be made or that, if a challenge is made, that we will prevail.

-36-



General. 
It is possible that any of the governmental entities with which
filings are made may seek, as conditions for granting approval of the merger,
various regulatory concessions. We cannot assure you that ADP or ProBusiness
will be able to satisfy or comply with these conditions or be able to cause
their respective subsidiaries to satisfy or comply with these conditions. We
also cannot assure you that the required regulatory approvals will be obtained
within the time frame contemplated by us or on terms that will be satisfactory
to ADP and ProBusiness. See The Merger AgreementConditions to the Completion
of the Merger.

Litigation

     On
January 7, 2003, an action, 
Goldine vs. Hodgson, et al.
,
was filed with the Superior Court of the State California for the
County of Alameda. In this action, the plaintiff named as defendants
our board of directors. ProBusiness is not a named defendant in the
action. The complaint asserts claims on behalf of our public
stockholders who are similarly situated with the plaintiff. Among
other things, the complaint alleges that the members of our board of
directors have breached their fiduciary duties to our stockholders
and that our directors engaged in self-dealing in connection with
approval of the merger. The complaint seeks class certification and
certain forms of equitable relief, including enjoining the
consummation of the merger. We believe that the allegations are
without merit and the members of our board of directors intend to
vigorously contest the action.

-37-



The Merger Agreement

     The following description summarizes the material provisions of the merger
agreement. Stockholders should read carefully the merger agreement, which is
attached as Annex A to this proxy statement.

The Merger Agreement

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger
. The obligations of each of
ProBusiness and ADP to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of specified conditions set forth in the merger agreement, which include
the following:

     ADP and we are obligated to effect the merger only if the following
conditions are satisfied or waived:



the holders of ProBusiness stock representing a majority of the
voting power must have voted in favor of approving and adopting the
merger agreement and approving the merger;



the waiting period required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 must have expired or been
terminated;



no governmental entity shall have enacted, issued, promulgated,
enforced or entered any law, statute, constitution, principle of
common law, resolution, ordinance, code, order, edict, decree, rule,
regulation, ruling, judgment or requirement (whether temporary,
preliminary or permanent) which is in effect and has the effect of
making the merger illegal or otherwise prohibits the completion of
the merger, provided that prior to invoking this condition, the party
so invoking it has complied with its obligation under the merger
agreement to use its reasonable best efforts to complete the merger;
and



all required consents or approvals from governmental entities
necessary to complete the merger must have been obtained.

     In addition, ADP will not be obligated to effect the merger unless the
following conditions are satisfied or waived:



our representations and warranties qualified by the phrase
material adverse effect must be true and correct (as so qualified)
and our representations and warranties that are not so qualified must
be true and correct in all respects as of the date of the merger
agreement and as of the closing date of the merger, except:



with respect to representations and warranties that by
their terms speak as of a specified date must have been true and
correct as of such date;



those representations and warranties not qualified by the
phrase material adverse effect in each case, or in the aggregate
with other representations and warranties that are not qualified
by such phrase, do not constitute a material adverse effect on us
(it being understood that, for purposes of determining the
accuracy of representations and warranties not qualified by the
phrase material adverse effect, all materiality qualifications
and other qualifications based

-38-



on the word material contained in
such representations and warranties shall be disregarded); and



for changes contemplated by the merger agreement.



we must have performed or complied in all material respects all
obligations required to be performed or complied with by us under the
merger agreement at or prior to the closing of the merger; and



there must not be any suit or proceeding by any governmental
entity that would result in ADP being required to execute or carry
out agreements or submitting to legal requirements providing for:



a material license, material sale or other material
disposition of any assets or categories of assets that are
material to the combined business of ADPs employer services
business and ProBusiness;



the holding separate of our capital stock; or



any material limitation on the ability of us, ADP or any
of our or their subsidiaries to own the assets of us or ADPs
employer services business or to acquire, hold or exercise full
rights of ownership of our business or on the ability of ADP to
conduct the combined business of ADPs employer services business
and ProBusiness,

which would be reasonably likely to materially adversely impact the
benefits expected to be derived by ADP and its subsidiaries (on a
combined basis with us and our subsidiaries) as a result of the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or would reasonably
be likely to materially adversely affect ADP and its subsidiaries (on
a combined basis with us and our subsidiaries) following the merger.

     We will not be obligated to effect the merger unless the following
conditions are satisfied or waived:



the representations and warranties of ADP and ADP Merger Corp.
qualified by the phrase material adverse effect must be true and
correct (as so qualified) and their representations and warranties
that are not so qualified must be true and correct in all respects as
of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing date of the
merger, except:



with respect to representations and warranties that by
their terms speak as of a specified date must have been true and
correct as of such date;



those representations and warranties not qualified by the
phrase material adverse effect in each case, or in the aggregate
with other representations and warranties that are not qualified
by such phrase, do not constitute a material adverse effect on ADP
(it being understood that, for purposes of determining the
accuracy of representations and warranties not qualified by the
phrase material adverse effect, all materiality qualifications
and other qualifications based on the word material contained in
such representations and warranties shall be disregarded); and

-39-





for changes contemplated by the merger agreement.



each of ADP and ADP Merger Corp. must have performed or
complied in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed or complied with by it under the merger agreement at or
prior to the closing of the merger.

Material Adverse Effect. 
Several of our representations and warranties in
the merger agreement are qualified by reference to whether the item in question
has a material adverse effect on us. The merger agreement provides that a
material adverse effect means, when used in connection with us, any change,
event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect that is materially adverse
to the business, properties, assets, financial condition or results of
operations of us and our subsidiaries, taken as a whole. However, the
following will not be deemed to constitute a material adverse effect and will
not be taken into account in determining whether there has been a material
adverse effect on us:



any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect resulting from:



compliance with the terms and conditions of the merger agreement;



the announcement or pendency of the merger (including
loss of personnel or clients; actions by clients or competitors;
or the delay or cancellation of orders for services and products);



changes affecting any industry in which we operate or the U.S. economy generally;



changes affecting general worldwide economic or capital market conditions;



investments by us in any other person made in accordance with our investment policy;



changes in laws after the date of the merger agreement; or



an outbreak or escalation of hostilities involving the
United States, the declaration by the United States of a national
emergency or war, or the occurrence of any acts of terrorism;



resulting from any failure to meet revenue or earnings projections; or



resulting from any change in our stock price or trading volume.

No Solicitation of Transactions by ProBusiness
. Except as set forth
below, we have agreed that neither we nor our subsidiaries nor any of our
respective officers, directors, agents and representatives, nor any party to a
stockholder support agreement will, and we shall use our reasonable efforts to
cause other employees or affiliates of us or our subsidiaries not to (nor will
we authorize any of them to), directly or indirectly:



solicit, initiate, knowingly facilitate or induce any inquiry
with respect to any acquisition proposal;



participate or engage in any discussions or negotiations
regarding, or furnish to any person any nonpublic information with
respect to, or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or
the making of any acquisition proposal;

-40-





approve, endorse or recommend any acquisition proposal, unless,
prior to obtaining stockholder approval of the merger agreement, our
board of directors has concluded in good faith, after consultation
with its outside legal counsel, that such recommendation is required
by its fiduciary obligations to its stockholders under Delaware law;
or



enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any
contract or commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any
acquisition proposal.

     The merger agreement, however, does provide that, at any time prior to
obtaining the stockholder approval of the merger agreement, our board of
directors may, in response to a bona fide written acquisition proposal from a
third party that our board of directors has in good faith concluded (after
consultation with our outside legal counsel and our financial advisor), is, or
is reasonably likely to result in, a superior offer, that was unsolicited and
did not otherwise result from a breach of the no solicitation provisions of the
merger agreement, we may:



furnish nonpublic information to the third party making the
acquisition proposal pursuant to a confidentiality agreement which is
substantially similar to the confidentiality agreement entered into
between ADP and us, provided that all such information is
contemporaneously provided to ADP;



engage in discussions or negotiations with the third party
making the acquisition proposal regarding such proposal, provided
that we contemporaneously give ADP oral and written notice of our
intent to enter into such negotiations; and



upon the termination of the merger agreement, approve or
recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any superior offer.

     We have agreed to promptly advise, orally and in writing, ADP of any
acquisition proposal or any request for nonpublic information or inquiry which
we reasonably believe would lead to an acquisition proposal, the terms and
conditions of such acquisition proposal (and any material amendments to the
acquisition proposal) and the identity of the person making the acquisition
proposal, request or inquiry.

     Under the merger agreement the term:



acquisition proposal means any offer or proposal or public
announcement of a proposal or plan, relating to any transaction or
series of related transactions involving:



any purchase of more than fifteen percent of our or our
subsidiaries total outstanding voting securities by any person or
group or any tender offer or exchange offer that would result in
any person or group owning fifteen percent or more of our or our
subsidiaries total outstanding voting securities;



any merger, consolidation, business combination or
similar transaction involving our company or any of our
subsidiaries;



the sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of
business), exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary
course of business), acquisition or disposition of more than
fifteen percent our assets; or

-41-





any liquidation or dissolution of our company; and



superior offer means a bona fide, written and unsolicited
offer made by any person (other than ADP or any of its subsidiaries)
to acquire, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of our
assets or a majority of our total outstanding voting securities:



on terms which our board of directors in good faith
(after consultation with our outside legal counsel and our
financial advisor) concludes is more favorable to our stockholders
from a financial point of view than the terms of the merger;



the conditions to completion of the superior offer are
reasonably capable of being satisfied; and



the financing for the superior offer is then committed or
in the good faith judgment of our board of directors (after
consultation with our financial advisor) reasonably available.

     We may approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, a
superior offer and enter into any agreement with respect to a superior offer,
if we terminate the merger agreement as described under Termination below
and promptly pay the $25 million termination fee to ADP.

     The merger agreement provides that, neither our board of directors nor any
committee of our board may withhold, withdraw, or amend the recommendation that
our stockholders vote for the adoption of the merger agreement, unless our
board of directors concludes (after consultation with our outside legal counsel
and our financial advisor) in good faith that such action is required by its
fiduciary obligations to stockholders under Delaware law.

Termination
. ADP and we can terminate the merger agreement under certain
circumstances, including:



by mutual written consent of ADP and us;



by either ADP or us, if the merger is not completed by May 31,
2003 (which date will be extended to September 30, 2003, in the event
that all waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976 relating to the merger have not expired or
been terminated by May 31, 2003), provided that the right to
terminate the merger agreement will not be available to any party
whose action or failure to act has been the principal cause of or
resulted in the failure of the merger to be completed by the
applicable termination date and that action or failure to act
constitutes a material breach of the merger agreement;



by either ADP or us, if any court or government entity has
issued a final and non-appealable order that prohibits the merger;



by either ADP or us, if our stockholders do not vote in favor
of adopting the merger agreement, provided that we cannot terminate
the merger agreement if the failure to obtain stockholder approval
was caused by our action or failure to act and such action or failure
to act constitutes a material breach of the merger agreement;

-42-





by either ADP or us upon certain breaches of the merger
agreement which breach (a) would give rise to the failure of any
condition to the closing of the merger or (b) could not be cured or
are not curable prior to May 31, 2003 or September 30, 2003, as
applicable, through the exercise of reasonable efforts by the
breaching party as long as such efforts continue to be exercised
throughout such period;



by ADP, if prior to obtaining stockholder approval, our board
of directors or any of its committees withdraws or modifies in a
manner adverse to ADP its recommendation in favor of the merger,
fails to continue to include its recommendation of the merger in
this proxy statement, approves or recommends any other acquisition
proposal or if, within ten (10) business days after a competing
tender or exchange offer is first published, we have not sent to our
stockholders a statement that our board of directors recommends the
rejection of such offer;



by us, if any litigation or proceeding is pending or has been
threatened to be instituted by any person or governmental body, which
in the good faith judgment of our board of directors is reasonably
likely to result in an order, decree, or ruling enjoining,
prohibiting, seeking substantial damages in respect of, or impairing
the benefits of the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement;



by us, if prior to obtaining stockholder approval, we receive a
superior offer and we provide ADP with written notice of such offer
and that we intend to terminate the merger agreement. We may not,
however, terminate the merger agreement if, within three business
days after receiving the required notice from us, ADP offers to amend
the merger agreement and our board of directors determines, in good
faith, that the merger agreement as amended would be more favorable
to our stockholders than the other offer.

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger
. Under the merger agreement, we
have agreed that prior to the effective time of the merger, subject to certain
exceptions, unless we obtain ADPs written consent (and ADPs decision with
respect to that consent may not be unreasonably delayed) we will and will cause
each of our subsidiaries to carry on our and their businesses, including but
not limited to matters related to our investment policy, in all material
respects, in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice, and shall use
our commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact our and their business,
organization and relationships with third parties and to keep available the
services of our and their officers and employees. In addition, we have agreed
that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, neither we nor any
of our subsidiaries may, without ADPs written consent (and ADPs decision with
respect to that consent may not be unreasonably delayed):



enter into any new line of business material to us and our
subsidiaries taken as a whole;



declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other
distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property)
in respect of any capital stock or split, combine or reclassify any
capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other
securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for any
capital stock other than the payment of accrued but unpaid quarterly
dividends payable in shares of preferred stock to the holders of our
preferred stock;



purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of our capital
stock or the capital stock of our subsidiaries, except repurchases of
unvested shares at cost in connection with the termination of our or
any of our subsidiaries relationship with any service provider
pursuant to existing stock

-43-



option or stock purchase plans in effect
on the date of the merger agreement or entered into in compliance
with the merger agreement;



issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber
any shares of capital stock, voting debt or any securities
convertible into shares of capital stock or voting debt, or
subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire any shares of
capital stock or voting debt or any securities convertible into
shares of capital stock or voting debt, or enter into other
agreements or commitments of any character obligating us to issue any
such securities or rights, other than: (A)
issuances of our common stock upon the exercise of options existing on
the date of the merger agreement in accordance with their present terms
or granted pursuant to clause (D) below, (B) issuance of shares of our
common stock to participants in our purchase plans pursuant to the
terms of such plans under existing agreements, (C) issuances of our
common stock upon the exercise of other options, warrants or other
rights outstanding on the date of the merger agreement in accordance
with their present terms (including cashless exercises), and (D) grants
of stock options to acquire our common stock granted on or after
February 14, 2003 under our stock option plans in the ordinary course
of business in connection with annual compensation reviews, promotions
or new hires, provided that not more than 75,000 shares of our common
stock (net of cancellations) can be issued in each three month period
commencing on February 14, 2003;



cause, permit or propose any amendment to our certificate of
incorporation or bylaws or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws
of any of our subsidiaries;



acquire or agree to acquire any business or division of a third
party or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets which are
material, individually or in the aggregate, to our business;



enter into any joint ventures, strategic partnerships or
alliances that are material to any of our divisions or business
units;



sell, lease, license, mortgage or otherwise encumber or dispose
of any properties or assets which are material, individually or in
the aggregate, to our business, except in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice or disclosed in our SEC
filings;



make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
investments in, any other person, other than: (A) loans or
investments by us or a subsidiary to us or in us or any wholly-owned
subsidiary of us, (B) employee loans or advances made in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and not to exceed
$250,000 in the aggregate, (C) investments by us or a subsidiary in
any other third party (i) in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice and not to exceed $500,000 in the
aggregate (provided that none of such transactions presents a
material risk of delaying the merger or making it more difficult to
obtain any necessary consents) or (ii) pursuant to the terms of and
in accordance with our investment policy;



except as required by generally accepted accounting principles
or the SEC as concurred in by our independent auditors, make any
material change in our methods or principles of accounting;



make or change any material tax election or adopt or change a
tax accounting method;



settle, pay, discharge or satisfy any litigation or material
claim, except (A) in the ordinary course of business (B) to the
extent subject to reserves existing as of the date of the merger
agreement in

-44-



accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, (C) amounts outside the ordinary course of business not
to exceed $500,000 in the aggregate or (D) engaging in any such
activities on behalf of our or our subsidiaries customers that
result in payments only by such customers, and, except as permitted
by (A), (B) or (C), do not result in any payment obligation or other
liability to us or our subsidiaries;



adopt or amend any plans, arrangements and policies for the
benefit of any of our directors, officers or employees or enter into
any new, or amend any existing employment, severance, consulting,
salary continuation or other similar contract or collective
bargaining agreement (other
than offer letters and letter agreements entered into in the ordinary
course of business with employees who are terminable at will), pay
any special bonus or special remuneration (cash, equity or otherwise)
to any director or employee, or increase the salaries or wage rates or
fringe benefits (including rights to severance or indemnification) of
its directors, officers, employees or consultants, except as required
by law, the merger agreement or any contracts as of the date of the
merger agreement and except (x) payment of bonuses or increases in
salaries or wage rates or fringe benefits to non-officer employees in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (y)
payments made to our employees pursuant to retention plans up to a
maximum stated amount;



enter into any contract the effect of which would be to grant
to a third party any actual or potential right of license to any
material intellectual property owned by ADP or any of its
subsidiaries;



incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such
indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or
warrants to acquire any debt securities of us or our subsidiaries,
guarantee any debt securities of a third party, enter into any keep
well or other contract to maintain any financial statement condition
of a third party or enter into any arrangement having the economic
effect of any of the foregoing, except for borrowings under our line
of credit for working capital purposes and the endorsement of checks
in the normal course of business consistent with past practice or
make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments
in, any other third party, other than to us or any direct or indirect
wholly owned subsidiary of us and other than travel and entertainment
advances to employees in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice;



adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution,
merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or
reorganization;



engage in any transaction with, or enter into any agreement,
arrangement, or understanding with, directly or indirectly, any
affiliates of us or our subsidiaries;



do or permit any licensee or sublicensee thereof to do any act
or knowingly omit to do any act whereby any of our intellectual
property may become invalidated, abandoned or dedicated to the public
domain;



make any commitment or enter into, or amend, modify, or
terminate, or waive any rights under any of our material contracts;
or



agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions
described above.

-45-



     The covenants in the merger agreement relating to the conduct of our
business are complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to read
carefully and in its entirety the section of the merger agreement entitled
Conduct of Business by the Company in Annex A included in this proxy
statement.

Other Covenants
. In addition, the merger agreement contains covenants
requiring us and ADP to use our reasonable best efforts to do all things
required to complete the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including making all filings, notices, petitions, statements, registrations,
submissions of information, application or submission of other documents
required by any governmental entity in connection with the merger, including
all filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976.

     However, neither we nor ADP is bound under the merger agreement to agree
to execute or carry out agreements or submit to legal requirements providing
for:



a material license, material sale or other material disposition
of any assets or categories of assets that are material to the
combined business of ADPs employer services business and
ProBusiness;



the holding separate of our capital stock;



any material limitation on the ability of us, ADP or any of our
or their subsidiaries to own the assets of us and ADPs employer
services business or to acquire, hold or exercise full rights of
ownership of our business or on the ability of ADP to conduct the
combined business of ADPs employer services business and
ProBusiness;

which would be reasonably likely to materially adversely impact the
benefits expected to be derived by ADP and its subsidiaries (on a combined
basis with us and our subsidiaries) as a result of the merger or would be
reasonably likely to materially adversely affect ADP and its subsidiaries
(on a combined basis with us and our subsidiaries) following the merger.

     The merger agreement also contains covenants requiring us to:



prepare and file this proxy statement;



obtain stockholder approval of the merger agreement;



prepare and file required tax returns and deliver drafts of
certain tax returns to ADP and promptly notify ADP of any material
tax, suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding relating to us
or our subsidiaries; and



provide ADP and its representatives with access to our
information prior to the effective time of the merger.

Expenses
. The merger agreement provides that regardless of whether the
merger is consummated, all expenses incurred by the parties shall be borne by
the party incurring such expenses.

-46-



Termination Fee Payable by ProBusiness. 
The merger agreement requires
that we pay ADP a termination fee of $25 million if:



prior to obtaining stockholder approval, the merger agreement
is terminated by ADP as a result of:



our board of directors, or any of its committees,
changing its recommendation in favor of the merger;



our failure to include the recommendation of our board of
directors in favor of the merger in this proxy statement;



our board of directors recommending in favor of another
acquisition proposal; or



if, within ten business days after a competing tender or
exchange offer is first published, we do not send a statement to
our stockholders that our board of directors recommends the
rejection of such offer; or



we terminate the merger agreement upon receipt of a superior
offer that ADP has not, within three business days of being notified
of such superior offer and our intent to terminate the merger
agreement, responded with an offer that our board of directors
determines in good faith to be more favorable to our stockholders
than the superior offer.

Termination Fee Payable by ADP. 
The merger agreement requires that ADP
pay us a termination fee of $25 million if:



we or ADP terminate the merger agreement due to a court or
governmental entity issuing a final and non-appealable order that
prohibits the merger and such order is primarily a result of issues
relating to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976
process;



we terminate the merger agreement because any litigation or
proceeding is pending or has been threatened to be instituted which
in the good faith judgment of our board of directors is reasonably
likely to result in an order enjoining or impairing the benefits of
the merger, provided such pending or threatened litigation is
primarily as a result of issues relating to the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 process; or



antitrust clearance or the expiration or termination of the
waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1976 has not been obtained by September 30, 2003.

Representations and Warranties
. The merger agreement contains customary
representations and warranties relating to, among other things:



corporate organization and similar matters with respect to each
of ADP and us and our subsidiaries;



our capital structure;

-47-





authorization, execution, delivery, performance and
enforceability of, and required consents, approvals, orders and
authorizations of governmental authorities and third parties relating
to, the merger agreement and related matters with respect to each of
ADP and us;



documents we have filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, the accuracy of the financial statements and other
information contained in such documents and the absence of
undisclosed liabilities by us;



accuracy of information supplied by each of ADP and us in
connection with this proxy statement;



absence of material adverse effects, the conduct of our
business in all material respects in the ordinary course consistent
with past practices, no dividends or other distributions, no
purchases or redemption of our capital stock, no stock splits,
combination or reclassifications of capital stock in each case since
September 30, 2002;



outstanding and pending litigation material to us;



certain of our contracts;



our compliance with applicable laws and permits;



absence of change in our benefit plans, employment agreements and labor relations;



our environmental matters;



matters relating to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act with respect to us;



tax matters with respect to us;



rights to our leasehold interests;



our intellectual property;



transactions with any of our affiliates;



our stockholder rights agreement;



our customers;



our investment policy;



tax accounts and non-tax accounts maintained by us or our
subsidiaries on behalf of our customers;



applicability of certain state takeover statutes requirements
to us and our satisfaction of those statutes;



required vote of our stockholders;

-48-





our and ADPs engagement of, and payment of fees to, brokers,
investment bankers and financial advisors;



our boards approval and adoption of the merger agreement and
its resolution to recommend to our stockholders the adoption and
approval of the merger agreement and the approval of the merger;



our receipt of the fairness opinion from Goldman Sachs; and



sufficiency of ADPs capital resources to pay, or to cause ADP
Merger Corp. to pay, the merger consideration.

     The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and not easily summarized. You are urged to read carefully and in its entirety
the section of the merger agreement entitled Representations and Warranties of
the Company and Representation and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub in
Annex A included in this proxy statement.

ProBusiness Certificate of Incorporation
. The merger agreement provides
that, at the effective time of the merger, the certificate of incorporation of
ProBusiness shall be the certificate of incorporation of the surviving
corporation in the merger and shall be amended and restated in its entirety to
be identical to the certificate of incorporation of ADP Merger Corp. in effect
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger until amended. The
merger agreement also provides that the certificate of incorporation of the
surviving corporation in the merger must contain provisions with respect to
exculpation and indemnification that are at least as favorable to our current
or former directors or officers as those in our current certificate of
incorporation.

ProBusiness By-Laws
. The merger agreement provides that, at the effective
time of the merger, the bylaws of ProBusiness shall be the by-laws of the
surviving corporation in the merger and shall be amended and restated in their
entirety to be identical to the bylaws of ADP Merger Corp. in effect
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger until amended. The merger
agreement also provides that the bylaws of the surviving corporation in the
merger must contain provisions with respect to exculpation and indemnification
that are at least as favorable to our current or former directors or officers
as those in our current bylaws.

Indemnification and Insurance. 
The merger agreement provides that all
rights of indemnification and exculpation provisions in favor of our current or
former directors or officers under our certificate of incorporation or bylaws
and any of our existing indemnification agreements in effect as of the date of
the merger agreement will be assumed. ADP has agreed to, and to cause
ProBusiness as the surviving corporation to, fulfill and honor in all respects
those obligations. The merger agreement further provides that for six years
after the effective time of the merger, ADP will cause ProBusiness as the
surviving corporation to maintain in effect our current policies of directors
and officers liability insurance. ADPs obligation to provide this insurance
coverage is subject to a cap of 200% of the current annual premium paid by us
for our existing insurance coverage. If ADP cannot maintain the existing
insurance coverage without exceeding the 200% cap, ADP is required to maintain
as much insurance coverage as can be obtained by paying an annual premium equal
to the 200% cap. ADP, however, may satisfy its obligations by purchasing a
tail policy under our existing directors and officers liability insurance
covering those persons who were, as of the date of the merger agreement,
covered by our directors and officers liability insurance policy, on terms
and conditions (including, coverage amounts) which are no less advantageous
than those in effect on the date of the merger agreement.

-49-



Stockholder Support Agreements

     The following description summarizes the material provisions of the
stockholder support agreements and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the complete text of the stockholder support agreements. The form of
stockholder support agreement is included in this proxy statement as Annex D.
Annex D contains the complete terms of the stockholder support agreements and
should be read carefully and in its entirety.

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, each of Thomas
H. Sinton, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and parties
affiliated with him, as well as entities affiliated with General Atlantic
Partners, LLC, who as a group is our largest stockholder, and who together with
Mr. Sinton and the parties affiliated with him held beneficially and of record
 or approximately 30% of the outstanding shares of our voting stock as of the
date of the merger agreement, entered into stockholder support agreements with
ADP. Each of these stockholders agreed to vote all of their respective shares
of our voting stock held by them:



in favor of the approval of the merger and the adoption of the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement; and



against any acquisition proposal, as described in The Merger
AgreementNo Solicitation of Transactions by ProBusiness.

     In connection with the stockholder support agreements, the stockholders
further agreed not to:



sell, tender, pledge, encumber, grant an option with respect
to, transfer or dispose their respective shares of our common stock
or preferred stock or enter into any agreement or commitment
contemplating the possible sale of, tender of, pledge of, encumbrance
of, grant of an option with respect to, transfer of or disposition of
their respective shares of our common stock or preferred stock unless
the transferee of any shares agrees to hold those shares subject to
the provisions of the stockholder support agreement; provided, that



such stockholders may transfer any of their shares of
common stock or preferred stock that have been pledged pursuant to
forward contracts established prior to the date of the stockholder
support agreement; and



if such stockholder is also a director, such stockholder
may transfer his shares of common stock: (A) in accordance with
the terms of his trading plan established for the periodic sale of
our common stock implemented pursuant to the Securities and
Exchange Commission Rule 10b5-1 in effect as of the date of the
stockholder support agreement and (B) that have been pledged by
him pursuant to the terms of margin loan accounts established
prior to the date of the stockholder support agreement.



enter into other voting arrangements, whether by proxy, voting
agreement or otherwise, with respect to their respective shares of
our common stock or preferred stock; or



exercise any rights of appraisal or dissent.

     Each of the parties to the stockholder support agreements has irrevocably
granted to and appointed James B. Benson and Gary Butler (each an officer of
ADP) or either of them and any party that may be

-50-



substituted for either of
them, as that partys attorney and proxy to vote, or grant a consent with
respect to, that partys shares of our common stock and preferred stock in
favor of the merger and the other transactions described in the merger
agreement.

     Each of the entities affiliated with General Atlantic Partners, LLC has
additionally agreed that subject to and effective upon the closing of the
merger, such stockholder elects to treat the merger as a deemed liquidation
under our certificate of incorporation and receive the stated liquidation
preference, which is equal to the original purchase price of $26.50 in cash for
each share of preferred stock held by them (including accrued but unpaid
dividends payable in shares of preferred stock).

-51-



Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

     The following table shows the common stock beneficially owned as of
December 31, 2002 by:



each person who is known by us to beneficially own 5% or more
of our outstanding common stock;



each of our executive officers;



each of our directors; and



all our officers and directors as a group.

     Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules. In
computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person, we have included
shares for which the named person has sole or shared power over voting or
investment decisions. The number of shares beneficially owned includes common
stock which the named person has the right to acquire, through conversion or
option exercise, or otherwise, within 60 days after December 31, 2002.
Beneficial ownership calculations for 5% stockholders are based solely on
publicly-filed Schedule 13Ds or 13Gs, which 5% stockholders are required to
file with the SEC. Except as otherwise noted, the address of each person
listed in the table is c/o 4125 Hopyard Road, Pleasanton, California 94588.

Number of

Approximate

Shares Beneficially

Percentage

Name of Beneficial Owner

Owned (1)

Ownership

Thomas H. Sinton (2)

3,499,164

12.2

%

Entities Affiliated with GAP, LLC (3)

5,684,187

19.9

%

Franklin Resources, Inc. (4)

2,714,375

9.5

%

Stephen F. Mandel, Jr. (5)

1,555,900

5.4

%

Jeffrey M. Bizzack (6)

287,920

1.0

%

Jerry Blalock (7)

188,302

*

Steven E. Klei (8)

190,199

*

Timothy M. Corcoran (9)

28,241

*

David C. Hodgson (3)

5,719,688

20.0

%

Ronald W. Readmond (10)

51,945

*

Dennis R. Raney

*

Samuel T. Spadafora

*

All executive officers and directors as a group (10 persons)(11)

9,965,459

34.8

%

*

Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent.

(1)

Based on 28,602,857 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December
31, 2002. As of December 31, 2002, 1,132,075 shares of Preferred Stock
were outstanding, all of which were owned by entities affiliated with
GAP, LLC. A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities
that can be acquired by such person within 60 days of December 31, 2002
upon the exercise of warrants or vested options or the conversion of
Preferred Stock. Calculations of percentage of beneficial ownership
assume the exercise by only the respective named stockholder of all
options and warrants for the purchase of Common Stock held by such
stockholder, which are exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2002,
and the conversion of Preferred Stock held by such stockholder into
Common Stock.

(2)

Includes 185,729 shares issuable upon exercise of vested options,
168,948 shares held by the Silas D. Sinton Trust Estate, 942,897 shares
held by the Thomas H. Sinton and Jane Nibley Sinton 1989 Irrevocable
Trust, 50,502 shares held by Jane N.

-52-



Sinton as a custodian for minor
children, and 15,950 shares held by an unnamed trust. Also includes
500,000 of the
1,000,000 shares held by Interpro Holdings, LLC, of which Mr. Sinton is a
member. Mr. Sinton has the right to designate 50% of the Board of Managers
of InterPro Holdings, LLC.

(3)

The record holders of these shares and are part of a group for
purposes of Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act. The group includes GAP LLC,
General Atlantic Partners 39, L.P. (GAP 39), General Atlantic Partners
59, L.P. (GAP 59), General Atlantic Partners 70, L.P. (GAP 70),
General Atlantic Partners 73, L.P. (GAP 73), General Atlantic Partners
74, L.P. (GAP 74), GAP Coinvestment Partners, L.P. (GAPCO I), GAP
Coinvestment Partners II, L.P. (GAPCO II), GapStar, LLC (GapStar),
GAPCO GmbH & Co. KG (GAPCO KG) and GAPCO Management GmbH (GmbH
Management). As of the date hereof, GAP LLC, GAP 39, GAP 59, GAP 70,
GAP 73, GAP 74, GAPCO I, GAPCO II, GapStar, GAPCO KG and GmbH Management
(collectively, the GA Group) each owns of record no shares of Common
Stock, 1,851,009 shares of Common Stock, no shares of Common Stock, no
shares of Common Stock, no shares of Common Stock, 1,095,667 shares of
Common Stock, 323,190 shares of Common Stock, 152,307 shares of Common
Stock, 83,333 shares of Common Stock, 2,027 shares of Common Stock and
no shares of Common Stock, respectively, or 0.0%, 6.5%, 0.0%, 0.0%,
0.0%, 3.9%, 1.1%, 0.5%, 0.3%, 0.0% and 0.0%, respectively, of our issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of December 31, 2002. In
addition, as of the date hereof, GAP 70 owns 915,515 shares of our
Preferred Stock convertible into 951,566 shares of Common Stock
(excluding any accrued but unpaid dividends), GAPCO II owns 145,805
shares of Preferred Stock convertible into 151,547 shares of Common
Stock (excluding any accrued but unpaid dividends) and GapStar owns
70,755 shares of Preferred Stock convertible into 73,541 shares of
Common Stock (excluding any accrued but unpaid dividends), respectively,
or 3.3%, 0.5%, and 0.3%, respectively, of our issued and outstanding
Common Stock as of December 31, 2002. The holders of Preferred Stock are
currently entitled to elect one of our Class II directors. The general
partner of GAP 39, GAP 59, GAP 70, GAP 73 and GAP 74 is GAP LLC. GAP LLC
is also the managing member of GapStar. GmbH Management is the general
partner of GAPCO KG. The managing members of GAP LLC are Steven A.
Denning, Peter L. Bloom, Peter Currie, Mark F. Dzialga, Erik Engstrom,
Klaus Esser, William E. Ford, William O. Grabe, David C. Hodgson, Braden
R. Kelly, Rene M. Kern, William J. Lansing, Matthew Nimetz, Clifton S.
Robbins, Franchon M. Smithson, Tom C. Tinsley, Florian Wendelstadt and
John Wong (collectively, the GAP Managing Members). David C. Hodgson
is one of our directors. The GAP Managing Members (other than Mr. Esser)
are also the general partners of GAPCO I and GAPCO II. By virtue of the
fact that (i) the GA Group beneficially owns approximately 61% of the
membership interests of InterPro Holdings, LLC (Interpro Holdings) and
may designate 50% of the managers of the Board of Managers of InterPro
Holdings, (ii) the GAP Managing Members (other than Mr. Esser) are also
the general partners authorized and empowered to vote and dispose of the
securities held by GAPCO I, GAPCO II and GapStar, (iii) GAP LLC is the
general partner of GAP 39, GAP 59, GAP 70, GAP 73 and GAP 74 and the
managing member of GapStar and (iv) the GAP Managing Members are
authorized and empowered to vote and dispose of the securities held by
GAPCO KG, the GA Group may be deemed to share voting power and the power
to direct the disposition of the shares of Common Stock owned by each
member of the GA Group and InterPro Holdings. InterPro Holdings owns of
record 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock. Accordingly, as of
 the date
hereof, each member of the GA Group may be deemed to own beneficially an
aggregate of 5,684,187 shares of Common Stock or 20% of our issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock as of December 31, 2002. Each member
of the GA Group has the shared power to direct the vote and the shared
power to direct the disposition of the 5,684,187 shares of Common Stock
that may be deemed to be owned beneficially by each of them. Mr. Hodgson
disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities owned by the GA Group
and Interpro Holdings except to the extent of his pecuniary interest
therein. In addition, Mr. Hodgson owns directly 15,084 shares of our
common stock and holds options to purchase 40,416 shares of our common
stock of which 20,417 are vested. The address of Mr. Hodgson and General
Atlantic is c/o General Atlantic Service Corporation, 3 Pickwick Plaza,
Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. The holders of preferred stock are
entitled to receive dividends in the form of additional shares of
preferred stock. As of December 31, 2002, the accrued but unpaid
dividends payable in additional shares of preferred stock were equal to
203,545 shares of preferred stock.

(4)

As disclosed in the Schedule 13G/A filed by Franklin Resources, Inc.,
Charles B. Johnson, Rupert H. Johnson, Jr., and Franklin Advisers, Inc.
on February 14, 2002, Franklin Resources, Inc. beneficially owns
2,714,375 shares of which Franklin Advisers, Inc., an advisor subsidiary
of Franklin Resources, Inc., has the sole voting and investment power
with respect to 2,225,100 of such shares and Franklin Private Client
Group, Inc., an advisor subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc., has the
sole investment power with respect to 489,275 of such shares. Charles B.
Johnson and Rupert H. Johnson, Jr. are the principal shareholders of
Franklin Resources, Inc., each owning in excess of 10% of the
outstanding Common Stock of Franklin Resources, Inc., and may be deemed
to be beneficial owners of securities held by persons and entities
advised by Franklin Resources, Inc.s subsidiaries. Franklin Resources,
Inc., its principal shareholders and each of the advisor subsidiaries
thereof disclaim any economic or beneficial ownership in any of our
shares. The address of Franklin Resources, Inc. is One Franklin Parkway,
San Mateo, CA 94403.

-53-



(5)

As disclosed in the Schedule 13G filed by Stephen F. Mandel, Jr.,
Lone Spruce, L.P., Lone Balsam, L.P., Lone Sequoia, L.P., Lone Pine
Associates LLC and Lone Pine Capital LLC on May 28, 2002, Mr. Mandel
beneficially owns 1,555,900 shares of which he has shared voting and
investment power. Lone Pine Associates LLC, the general partner of Lone
Spruce, L.P., Lone Sequoia, L.P. and Lone Balsam, L.P., has the power to
direct the affairs of Lone Spruce, L.P., Lone Sequoia, L.P.
and Lone Balsam, L.P., including decisions respecting the disposition of
the proceeds of the sale of shares. Mr. Mandel, Jr. is the managing member
of Lone Pine Associates LLC. Mr. Mandel, Jr. is the managing member of
Lone Cypress, Ltd., a client of Lone Pine Capital LLC, which has the power
to direct the receipt of dividends from or the proceeds of the sale of
shares. The address of Mr. Mandel, Jr. is Two Greenwich Plaza, Greenwich,
CT 06830.

(6)

Includes 170,208 shares issuable upon exercise of vested options held
by Mr. Bizzack and 80,000 shares held by Mt. Diablo National Bank FBO
Jeffrey Bizzack.

(1)

Includes 185,208 shares issuable upon exercise of vested options held
by Mr. Blalock.

(2)

Includes 166,458 shares issuable upon exercise of vested options held
by Mr. Klei.

(3)

Includes 26,563 shares issuable upon exercise of vested options held
by Mr. Corcoran.

(4)

Includes 42,501 shares issuable upon exercise of vested options held
by Mr. Readmond.

(5)

Includes 797,084 shares issuable upon exercise of vested options and
1,176,654 shares issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock.

-54-



Stockholder Proposals

     We will hold a 2003 annual meeting of our stockholders only if the merger
is not completed.

     Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, stockholders may present
proper proposals for inclusion in our proxy statement and for consideration at
the 2003 annual meeting of stockholders by submitting their proposals to us in
a timely manner. In order to be included in our proxy material for the 2003
annual meeting of stockholders, stockholder proposals must be received by us no
later than July 2, 2003, and have complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-8
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     In addition, our bylaws establish an advance notice procedure with regard
to certain matters, including stockholder proposals and director nominations,
not included in our proxy statement which are proposed to be properly brought
before an annual meeting of stockholders. Such stockholder must deliver
written notice to our Corporate Secretary not less than 120 days in advance on
the one-year anniversary of the date at which the notice of the previous years
annual meeting was mailed to our stockholders (in the case of the 2003 annual
meeting this date is July 2, 2003). This notice must contain specified
information concerning the matters proposed to be brought before such annual
meeting and concerning the stockholder proposing such matters.

     In the event that either (i) we did not have an annual meeting during the
immediately previous year, or (ii) the date of the current year annual meeting
is more than 30 days from the one year anniversary of the immediately prior
annual meeting, then the deadline for our receipt of the notice required by the
bylaws shall instead be the later of (a) the date that is 120 days prior to the
current year annual meeting, and (b) the date that is 10 days following the
first public notice of the date of such annual meeting. A copy of the full
text of the bylaw provision discussed above may be obtained by writing to our
Corporate Secretary at our address provided above. All notices of proposals by
stockholders, whether or not included in our proxy materials, should be sent to
us at ProBusiness Services, Inc., 4125 Hopyard Road, Pleasanton, California
94588, Attention: Corporate Secretary. In order to curtail controversy as to
the date on which a proposal was received by us, it is suggested that
proponents submit their proposals by Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested
to the address noted above.

Other Matters

     As of the date of this proxy statement, our board of directors knows of no
matters that will be presented for consideration at the special meeting other
than as described in this proxy statement.

Where You Can Find More Information

     ADP and we file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements
and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You may
read and copy any reports, statements or other information that ADP and we file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Securities and Exchange
Commissions public reference room at the following location:

Public Reference Room

450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024

Washington, D.C. 20549

-55-



     Please call the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference room. These Securities and
Exchange Commission filings are also available to the public
from commercial document retrieval services and at the Internet World Wide
Web site maintained by the Securities and Exchange Commission at
http://www.sec.gov. Reports, proxy statements and other information
concerning us may also be inspected at the offices of The Nasdaq Stock Market
at 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006.

     ADP has supplied all information contained in this proxy statement
relating to ADP and we have supplied all other information relating to us.

     Our stockholders should not send in their ProBusiness stock certificates
until they receive the transmittal materials from the exchange agent. Our
stockholders of record who have further questions about their share
certificates or the exchange of our common stock or preferred stock for cash
should call the exchange agent.

     You should rely only on the information contained in this proxy statement.
We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is
different from what is contained in this proxy statement. This proxy statement
is dated February , 2003. You should not assume that the information
contained in this proxy statement is accurate as of any date other than that
date. Neither the mailing of this proxy statement to stockholders nor the
issuance of cash in the merger creates any implication to the contrary.

-56-



Annex A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

BY AND AMONG

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC.,

ADP MERGER CORP.

AND

PROBUSINESS SERVICES, INC.

Dated as of January 5, 2003





PAGE

Article I THE MERGER

1.1

The Merger

1.2

Effective Time; Closing

1.3

Effect of the Merger

1.4

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

1.5

Directors and Officers

1.6

Effect on Capital Stock

1.7

Surrender of Certificates

1.8

Dissenting Shares

1.9

Further Action

Article II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

2.1

Organization; Standing and Power; Charter Documents; Subsidiaries

2.2

Capital Structure

2.3

Authority; Non-Contravention; Necessary Consents

2.4

SEC Filings; Financial Statements

2.5

Absence of Certain Changes or Events

2.6

Taxes

2.7

Intellectual Property

2.8

Compliance; Permits

2.9

Litigation

2.10

Brokers' and Finders' Fees

2.11

Transactions with Affiliates

2.12

Employee Benefit Plans

2.13

Environmental Matters

2.14

Contracts

2.15

Disclosure

2.16

Board Approval

2.17

Fairness Opinion

2.18

Rights Plan

2.19

Takeover Statutes

-i-



2.20

Vote Required

2.21

Real Estate

2.22

Customers

2.23

Trust Funds

2.24

Investment Policy

Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

3.1

Organization; Standing and Power; Charter Documents; Subsidiaries

3.2

Authority; Non-Contravention; Necessary Consents

3.3

Brokers' and Finders' Fees

3.4

Disclosure

3.5

Board Approval

3.6

Available Funds

Article IV CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME

4.1

Conduct of Business of the Company

Article V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

5.1

Proxy Statement

5.2

Meetings of Stockholders; Board Recommendation

5.3

Acquisition Proposals

5.4

Confidentiality; Access to Information

5.5

Public Disclosure

5.6

Regulatory Filings; Reasonable Best Efforts

5.7

Notification of Certain Matters

5.8

Third-Party Consents

5.9

Company Employee Plans and Employee Benefits

5.10

Indemnification

5.11

Section 16 Matters

5.12

Merger Sub Compliance

5.13

Tax Account and Non-Tax Account Reconciliation Report and Related Data

-ii-



Article VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

6.1

Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger

6.2

Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub

6.3

Additional Conditions to the Obligations of the Company

Article VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

7.1

Termination

7.2

Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination

7.3

Fees and Expenses

7.4

Amendment

7.5

Extension; Waiver

Article VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS

8.1

Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties

8.2

Notices

8.3

Interpretation; Knowledge

8.4

Counterparts

8.5

Entire Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries

8.6

Severability

8.7

Other Remedies; Specific Performance

8.8

Governing Law; Jurisdiction

8.9

Rules of Construction

8.10

Assignment

8.11

Waiver of Jury Trial

-iii-



AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

     This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this AGREEMENT) is made and entered
into as of January 5, 2003, by and among Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (PARENT), ADP Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation and
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (MERGER SUB), and ProBusiness
Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the COMPANY).

RECITALS

     A.     The respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company have deemed it advisable and in the best interests of their respective
corporations and stockholders to consummate the Merger (as defined in Section
1.1), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

     B.     The respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company have approved and declared advisable this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger.

     C.     The Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to recommend to
its stockholders approval and adoption of this Agreement and approval of the
Merger.

     D.     Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a
condition and inducement to Parents, the Companys and Merger Subs respective
willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company
are entering into Stockholder Support Agreements in substantially the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A (the STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENTS).

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, promises and
representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

     1.1 The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2) and
subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(DELAWARE LAW), Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company (the
MERGER), the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the
Company shall continue as the surviving corporation. The Company, as the
surviving corporation after the Merger, is hereinafter sometimes referred to as
the SURVIVING CORPORATION.

     1.2 Effective Time; Closing. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement,
the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in
accordance with the relevant provisions of Delaware Law (the



CERTIFICATE OF MERGER) (the time of such filing with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware (or such later time as may be agreed in writing by the
Company and Parent and specified in the Certificate of Merger) being the
EFFECTIVE TIME) as soon as practicable on the Closing Date (as defined
below). The closing of the Merger (the CLOSING) shall take place at the
offices of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, 1285 Avenue of the
Americas, New York, NY 10019, at a time and date to be specified by the
parties, which shall be no later than the second business day after the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VI, or at such
other time, date and location as the parties hereto agree in writing (the
CLOSING DATE).

     1.3 Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of
Delaware Law.

     1.4 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. At the Effective Time, the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company shall be the certificate of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and shall be amended and restated in
its entirety to be identical to the Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub,
as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, until thereafter amended
in accordance with Delaware Law and as provided in such Certificate of
Incorporation. At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of the Company shall be the
Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation and shall be amended and restated in their
entirety to be identical to the Bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time until thereafter amended in accordance with
Delaware Law and as provided in such Bylaws.

     1.5 Directors and Officers. The initial directors of the Surviving
Corporation shall be the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time, until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed
and qualified. The initial officers of the Surviving Corporation shall be the
officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, until their
respective successors are duly appointed.

     1.6 Effect on Capital Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders of any
shares of capital stock of the Company, the following shall occur:

               (a) Company Preferred Stock. In accordance with Section 4(d) of the
Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the 6.9% Senior
Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware on August 1, 2000 (the CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION), subject to the
election of the holders of two-thirds (2/3) of the Company Preferred Stock (as
defined in Section 2.2(a)) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (which election has been obtained concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement), each share of Company Preferred Stock (including
shares of Company Preferred
Stock issued or issuable immediately prior to the Closing in accordance
with Section 3 of the Certificate of Designation) (other than shares of Company
Preferred Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section 1.6(c) and any Dissenting
Shares (as defined in Section 1.8)), will be canceled and extinguished and
automatically converted into the right to receive $26.50 in cash (the
PREFERRED PER SHARE LIQUIDATION AMOUNT) (such amount being an amount equal to
the liquidation preference set forth in Section 4(a) of the Certificate of
Designation).

               (b) Company Common Stock. Each share of the Common Stock, par value $0.001
per share, of the Company (together with the associated Company Right (as
defined in Section

-2-



2.2(a)) under the Company Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.2(a))
(COMPANY COMMON STOCK)) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than any shares of Company Common Stock to be canceled
pursuant to Section 1.6(c) and any Dissenting Shares) will be canceled and
extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive $17 per
share (the PER SHARE AMOUNT and, together with the Preferred Per Share
Liquidation Amount referred to herein as the MERGER CONSIDERATION).

               (c) Cancellation of Treasury and Parent Owned Stock. Each share of Company
Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock held by the Company or Parent or any
direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company or of Parent
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished
without any conversion thereof.

               (d) Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each share of common stock, par value
$0.01, of Merger Sub (the MERGER SUB COMMON STOCK) issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into one validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of the Surviving Corporation.

               (e) Conversion of Dissenting Shares. The holders of Dissenting Shares, if
any, shall be entitled to payment for such shares only to the extent permitted
by and in accordance with the provisions of Delaware Law; provided, however,
that if, in accordance with Delaware Law, any holder of Dissenting Shares shall
forfeit such right to payment of the fair cash value of such shares, such
shares shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted into and to have become
exchangeable for, as of the Effective Time, the right to receive the Merger
Consideration provided in Section 1.6(a) or Section 1.6(b), as applicable.

               (f) Repurchase Rights. The Board of Directors of the Company, without any
further action by Parent, shall take all actions necessary pursuant to the
terms of the Companys 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the 1997 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan (collectively, the COMPANY PURCHASE PLANS) to shorten all
Offering Periods (as defined in the Company Purchase Plans) such that all
Offering Periods then in progress terminate no later than immediately prior to
the Effective Time.

               (g) Employee Stock Options. Each Company Option or Other Option (both as
defined in Section 2.2(b)) which is outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time, whether or not then exercisable or vested, shall by virtue of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the Parent, Merger Sub, the
Company or the holder thereof, be converted into and shall become a right to
receive an amount in cash, without interest, with respect to each share subject
thereto, equal to the excess, if any, of the Per Share Amount over the per
share exercise or purchase price of such Company Option or such Other Option
(such amount being hereinafter referred to as the OPTION MERGER
CONSIDERATION) and each Company Option and Other Option shall be canceled at
the Effective Time. The payment of the Option Merger Consideration to the
holder of a Company Option or Other Option shall be reduced by any income or
employment tax withholding required under the Code or any provision of state,
local or foreign Tax (as defined in Section 2.6) law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of such Company
Option or Other Option. The Stock Option Plans (as defined in Section 2.12(a))
shall terminate at the Effective Time.

-3-



               (h) Adjustments to the Merger Consideration. The Merger Consideration
shall be adjusted to reflect fully the appropriate effect of any stock split,
reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of
securities convertible into Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock),
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like change with
respect to Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock having a record date
on or after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time.

     1.7 Surrender of Certificates.

               (a) Exchange Agent. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall select a
bank or trust company reasonably satisfactory to the Company to act as the
exchange agent (the EXCHANGE AGENT) in the Merger. Prior to the Effective
Time, Parent shall enter into an agreement with Exchange Agent, reasonably
satisfactory to the Company.

               (b) Parent to Provide Cash. At or promptly following the Effective Time
(and in no event later than one (1) business day following the Effective Time),
Parent shall make available to the Exchange Agent for exchange in accordance
with this Article I, cash payable to the stockholders of the Company pursuant
to Section 1.6(a) or Section 1.6(b) in exchange for outstanding shares of
Company Preferred Stock and Company Common Stock, respectively. Any funds
deposited with the Exchange Agent shall hereinafter be referred to as the
EXCHANGE FUND.

               (c) Exchange Procedures. Promptly after the Effective Time (and in no
event later than three (3) business days following the Effective Time), Parent
shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record (as of the
Effective Time) of a certificate or certificates (the CERTIFICATES) which
immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock whose shares were converted
into the right to receive cash pursuant to Section 1.6(a) or Section 1.6(b):
(i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be
effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon
delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in such form
and have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii)
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange
for the Merger Consideration to which the holder of such Certificate is
entitled pursuant to Section 1.6(a) or Section 1.6(b) (without limiting the
effect of Section 1.7(e)). Upon surrender of Certificates for cancellation to
the Exchange Agent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed
and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto and such other
documents as may reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the holder of
such Certificates shall be entitled to receive promptly (and in no event later
than three (3) business days after receipt thereof) in exchange therefor the
Merger Consideration to which the holder of such certificate is entitled
pursuant to Section 1.6(a) or Section 1.6(b) (less any withholding amount with
respect to the shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock held
by such holder as provided by Section 1.7(e)), and the Certificates so
surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. No interest shall accrue or be paid on
the amounts payable pursuant to this Article I upon surrender of the
Certificates.

               (d) Transfers of Ownership. If the payment of the amounts payable pursuant
to Section 1.6(a) or Section 1.6(b) is to be made to a person other than the
person in whose name the surrendered Certificate formerly evidencing shares of
Company Common Stock or Company

-4-



Preferred Stock, as applicable, are registered, it will be a condition of
payment that the Certificates so surrendered will be properly endorsed and
otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the Persons (as defined in
Section 8.3(d)) requesting such payment will have paid to Parent or any agent
designated by it any transfer or other Taxes (as defined in Section 2.6)
required by reason of the payment of the amount specified in Section 1.6(a) or
Section 1.6(b) to a Person other than the registered holder of the Certificates
surrendered, or established to the satisfaction of Parent or any agent
designated by it that such Tax has been paid or is not payable.

               (e) Required Withholding. Each of the Exchange Agent and the Surviving
Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration
payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder or
former holder of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock such amounts
as may be required to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code or under
any provision of state, local or foreign Tax law or under any other applicable
Legal Requirement (as defined in Section 2.2(d)). To the extent such amounts
are so deducted or withheld, the amount of such consideration shall be treated
for all purposes under this Agreement as having been paid to the Person to whom
such consideration would otherwise have been paid.

               (f) No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
1.7, neither the Exchange Agent, the Surviving Corporation nor any party hereto
shall be liable to a holder of shares of Company Common Stock or Company
Preferred Stock for any amount properly paid to a public official pursuant to
any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

               (g) Investment of Exchange Fund. The Exchange Agent shall invest the
Exchange Fund as directed by Parent on a daily basis; provided that no such
investment or loss thereon shall affect the amounts payable to Company
stockholders pursuant to this Article I. Any interest and other income
resulting from such investment shall become a part of the Exchange Fund, and
any amounts in excess of the amounts payable to Company stockholders pursuant
to this Article I shall promptly be paid to Parent.

               (h) Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund which
remains undistributed to the holders of Certificates six (6) months after the
Effective Time shall, at the request of the Surviving Corporation, be delivered
to the Surviving Corporation or
otherwise on the instruction of the Surviving Corporation, and any holders
of the Certificates who have not surrendered such Certificates in compliance
with this Section 1.7 shall after such delivery to the Surviving Corporation
look only to the Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned property, escheat
and similar laws) for payment, as general creditors thereof, of their claim for
the Merger Consideration, without interest, to which such holders may be
entitled pursuant to Section 1.6(a) or Section 1.6(b). Any such portion of the
Exchange Fund remaining unclaimed by holders of shares of Company Common Stock
or Company Preferred Stock immediately prior to such time as such amounts would
otherwise escheat to or become property of any Governmental Entity (as defined
in Section 2.3(c)) shall, to the extent permitted by law, become the property
of Parent free and clear of any claims or interest of any Person previously
entitled thereto.

               (i) No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock or Company
Preferred Stock.

               (j) At the close of business on the day of the Effective Time, there shall
be no further

-5-



registration of transfers on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares
of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock. From and after the
Effective Time, the holders of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any
rights with respect to such shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred
Stock except as otherwise provided herein or by applicable law. If, after the
Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the
Exchange Agent, they shall be canceled and exchanged for the Merger
Consideration, as provided in this Article I, subject to applicable law in the
case of Dissenting Shares. All cash paid upon surrender of Certificates in
accordance with the terms of this Article I shall be deemed to have been paid
in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares previously
represented by such Certificates.

               (k) Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event any Certificates
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall pay in
exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, the Merger Consideration to which
the holder thereof is entitled pursuant to this Article I; provided, however,
that Parent or the Surviving Corporation may, in their discretion and as a
condition precedent to the payment thereof, require the owner of such lost,
stolen or destroyed Certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as they may
reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against
Parent, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent with
respect to the Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

               (l) Applicability to Dissenting Shares. The provisions of this Section 1.7
shall also apply to Dissenting Shares that lose their status as such, except
that the obligations of the Exchange Agent under this Section 1.7 shall
commence only on the date of such loss of status.

     1.8 Dissenting Shares.

               (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any
shares of Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock for which the holder
thereof has demanded an appraisal of their value in accordance with, and has
complied in all respects with, Section 262 of Delaware Law (collectively, the
DISSENTING SHARES) shall not be converted into or represent the right to
receive cash in accordance with Section 1.6(a) or Section 1.6(b), and the
holder or holders of such shares shall be entitled only to such rights as may
be granted to such holder or holders in Section 262 of Delaware Law.

               (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a), if any holder of
Dissenting Shares shall effectively withdraw or lose (through failure to
perfect or otherwise) such appraisal rights, then, as of the occurrence of such
event, such holders shares shall no longer be deemed to be Dissenting Shares
and such shares shall automatically be converted into and represent only the
right to receive the applicable cash payment provided in Section 1.6(a) or
Section 1.6(b), without interest, upon surrender of the certificate
representing such shares in accordance with Section 1.7.

               (c) The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any demands for
appraisal of any shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock, the
withdrawals of such demands, and any other instrument served pursuant to
Delaware Law and received by the Company and (ii) the opportunity to
participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to demands for
appraisal under Delaware Law. The Company shall not, except with the prior
written consent of

-6-



Parent, offer to make or make any payment with respect to any demands for
appraisal of the shares Company Common Stock or
Company Preferred Stock or offer to settle or settle any such demands.

     1.9 Further Action. At and after the Effective Time, the officers and
directors of Parent and the Surviving Corporation will be authorized to execute
and deliver, in the name and on behalf of Company and Merger Sub, any deeds,
bills of sale, assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on
behalf of Company and Merger Sub, any other actions and things to vest, perfect
or confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all
right, title and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or
assets acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of,
or in connection with, the Merger.

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     The Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub, except as
otherwise set forth in writing in appropriately corresponding sections of the
disclosure letter supplied by the Company to Parent dated as of the date hereof
(the COMPANY DISCLOSURE LETTER), as follows:

     2.1 Organization; Standing and Power; Charter Documents; Subsidiaries.

               (a) Organization; Standing and Power. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries (as defined below) is a corporation or other organization duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, has the requisite corporate
power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to
carry on its business as now being conducted, except where the failure of any
Subsidiary of the Company to be so organized, existing and in good standing
would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (as
defined in Section 8.3(c)) on the Company, and is duly qualified and in good
standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification
necessary other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or
to be in good standing would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company. For purposes of this Agreement,
SUBSIDIARY, when used with respect to any party, shall mean any corporation
or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, at least a
majority of the securities or other interests of which having by their terms
ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or others
performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other
organization is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party or by
any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such party and one or more of its
Subsidiaries.

               (b) Charter Documents. The Company has delivered or made available to
Parent: (i) a true and correct copy of the Certificate of Incorporation
(including any Certificate of Designations) and Bylaws of the Company, each as
amended to date (collectively, the COMPANY CHARTER DOCUMENTS) and (ii) the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, or like organizational documents, each
as amended to date (collectively, SUBSIDIARY CHARTER DOCUMENTS) of each of
its Subsidiaries, and each such instrument is in full force and effect. The
Company is not in violation of any of the provisions of the Company Charter
Documents and each Subsidiary is not in violation of its respective Subsidiary
Charter Documents, except in the case of a Subsidiary, as would not be material
to the Company.

-7-



          (c) Subsidiaries. Section 2.1(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter includes
all the Subsidiaries of the Company. All the outstanding shares of capital
stock of, or other equity or ownership interests in, each such Subsidiary have
been validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned
directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear of all pledges, claims,
liens, charges, preemptive rights, mortgages, encumbrances, options and
security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively, LIENS),
including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of
such capital stock or other equity or ownership interests, except for
restrictions imposed by applicable securities laws.

     2.2 Capital Structure.

               (a) Capital Stock. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists
of: (i) 60,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share;
(ii) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, 60,000 of
which have been designated as Series A Participating Preferred Stock (SERIES A
PREFERRED), all of which will be reserved for issuance upon exercise of
preferred stock purchase rights (the COMPANY RIGHTS) issuable pursuant to the
preferred stock rights agreement, dated as of August 8, 2001, between the
Company and Wells Fargo Bank, MN N.A., as amended, (the COMPANY RIGHTS
AGREEMENT), none of which are issued and outstanding; and 1,800,000 of which
have been designated as 6.9% Senior Convertible Preferred Stock (the COMPANY
PREFERRED STOCK). At the close of business on the date hereof: (i) 28,602,857
shares of Company Common
Stock were issued and outstanding (plus any shares of Company Common Stock
issued since December 31, 2002 upon the exercise of Company Options or Other
Options (as defined in Section 2.2(b)), (ii) no shares of Company Common Stock
were issued and held by the Company in its treasury, and (iii) 1,132,075 shares
of Company Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding (plus accrued dividends
payable in 203,545 shares of Company Preferred Stock in accordance with Section
3 of the Certificate of Designation). All of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company are, and all shares of capital stock of the Company which
may be issued as contemplated or permitted by this Agreement will be, when
issued, duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and
not subject to any preemptive rights.

               (b) Stock Options. As of the close of business on the date hereof: (i)
6,158,804 shares of Company Common Stock are subject to issuance pursuant to
outstanding options to purchase Company Common Stock under the Company Stock
Option Plans (as defined in Section 2.12) (the COMPANY OPTIONS) (less any
such shares issued since December 31, 2002 upon the exercise of Company
Options); (ii) 1,986,066 shares of Company Common Stock are available for
future issuance under the Company Stock Option Plans, (iii) 825,000 shares of
Company Common Stock are reserved for future issuance under the 2002 Company
Employee Stock Purchase Plan and no further shares of Company Common Stock will
be issued under the 1997 Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and (iv) no
shares of Company Common Stock are subject to issuance pursuant to outstanding
options, rights or warrants to purchase Company Common Stock issued pursuant to
the Contracts (as defined in Section 2.14) or instruments listed on Section
2.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter (the OTHER OPTIONS). The Company has
provided Parent information describing option activity through December 31,
2002. All shares of Company Common Stock subject to issuance under the Company
Stock Option Plans, the Company Purchase Plans and the Other Options, upon
issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to

-8-



which they are issuable, would be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable and not subject to any preemptive rights. There are no
commitments or agreements of any character to which the Company is bound
obligating the Company to accelerate the vesting of any Company Option as a
result of the Merger (whether alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or
subsequent events). There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation,
phantom stock, profit participation or other similar rights with respect to the
Company.

               (c) Voting Debt. No bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness having
the right to vote on any matters on which stockholders may vote (VOTING DEBT)
of the Company is issued or outstanding as of the date hereof.

               (d) Other Securities. Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 2.2,
there are no securities, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments,
Contracts, arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound obligating the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or redeem,
repurchase, acquire or pay for or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, or
redeemed, repurchased, acquired or paid for additional shares of capital stock,
Voting Debt, equity interests or other voting securities of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, or obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
issue, grant, extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call,
right, commitment, Contract, arrangement or undertaking. All outstanding shares
of Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock, all outstanding Company
Options and Other Options, and all outstanding shares of capital stock of each
Subsidiary of the Company have been issued and granted in compliance in all
material respects with (i) all applicable securities laws and all other
applicable Legal Requirements (as defined below), (ii) all requirements set
forth in applicable material Contracts and (iii) Company Charter Documents or
Subsidiary Charter Documents. There are no voting trusts or other Contracts to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party with respect to the
voting of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. For purposes
of this Agreement: (x) LEGAL REQUIREMENTS shall mean any federal, state,
local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, constitution, principle of
common law, resolution, ordinance, code, order, edict, decree, rule,
regulation, ruling, judgment or requirement issued, enacted, adopted,
promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority
of any Governmental Entity; and (y) CONTRACT shall mean any written, oral or
other agreement, contract, subcontract, settlement agreement, lease, binding
understanding, instrument, indenture, note, option, warranty, purchase order,
license, sublicense, insurance policy, benefit plan or legally binding
commitment or undertaking of any nature, as in effect as of the date hereof or
as may hereinafter be in effect.

     2.3 Authority; Non-Contravention; Necessary Consents.

               (a) Authority. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby has been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of the Company and no other corporate proceedings
on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or to consummate the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby (other than the approval and adoption of this
Agreement and the approval of
the Merger by the Companys stockholders and the filing of the Certificate
of Merger pursuant to Delaware Law). This Agreement

-9-



has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due execution
and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes the valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms.

               (b) Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company does not, and performance of this Agreement by the Company will not:
(i) conflict with or violate the Company Charter Documents or any Subsidiary
Charter Documents of any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) subject to obtaining
the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger by
the Companys stockholders as contemplated in Section 5.2 and compliance with
the requirements set forth in Section 2.3(c), conflict with or violate any
material Legal Requirement applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
properties is bound or affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute
a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or impair the Companys rights or alter the rights or
obligations of any third party under, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the
creation of a Lien on any of the material properties or assets of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to, any Company Material Contract (as
defined in Section 2.14). Section 2.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists
all consents, waivers and approvals under any Company Material Contract
required to be obtained in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, which, if individually or in the aggregate are not
obtained, would result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or the
Surviving Corporation.

               (c) Necessary Consents. No consent, approval, order or authorization of,
or registration, declaration or filing with any supranational, national, state,
municipal, local or foreign government, any instrumentality, subdivision,
court, arbitral entity, administrative agency or commission or other
governmental authority or instrumentality, or any quasi-governmental or private
body exercising any regulatory, taxing, importing or other governmental or
quasi-governmental authority (a GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY) is required to be
obtained or made by the Company in connection with the execution, performance
and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, except for: (i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and appropriate documents
with the relevant authorities of other states in which the Company and/or
Parent are qualified to do business, (ii) such consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be required
under applicable federal, foreign and state securities (or related) laws and
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR
ACT) or any foreign laws regulating competition, antitrust, investment or
exchange controls, (iii) the consents listed on Section 2.3(c) of the Company
Disclosure Letter; (iv) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws and the securities laws of any foreign
country, (v) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registration,
declaration or filing as may be required by the rules and regulations of The
Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. and The New York Stock Exchange, Inc., and (vi) such
other consents, authorizations, filings, approvals and registrations which if
not obtained or made would not be material to the Company or Parent or
materially adversely affect the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the
Merger within the time frame in which the Merger would otherwise be consummated
in the absence of the need for such consent, approval, order, authorization,

-10-



registration, declaration or filings. The consents, approvals, orders,
authorizations, registrations, declarations, waivers and filings set forth in
(i), (ii) and (v) are referred to collectively herein as the NECESSARY
CONSENTS.

     2.4 SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

               (a) SEC Filings. The Company has filed all required registration
statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
documents (including exhibits and all other information incorporated by
reference) required to be filed by it with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) since January 1, 2000. The Company has made available to
Parent all such registration statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules,
forms, statements and other documents in the form filed with the SEC. All such
required registration statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents (including those that the Company may file
subsequent to the date hereof), as amended, are referred to herein as the
COMPANY SEC Reports. As of their respective dates, the Company SEC Reports
(i) were prepared in accordance and complied in all material respects with the
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (together with the rules
and regulations thereunder, the SECURITIES ACT), or the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and regulations
thereunder, the EXCHANGE ACT), as the case may be, applicable to such Company
SEC Reports and (ii) did not at the time they were filed contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except
to the extent corrected prior to the date
hereof by a subsequently filed Company SEC Report. None of the Companys
Subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports or other documents with the
SEC.

               (b) Financial Statements. Each of the consolidated financial statements
(including, in each case, any related notes thereto) contained in the Company
SEC Reports (the COMPANY FINANCIALS), including each Company SEC Report filed
after the date hereof until the Closing: (i) complied as to form in all
material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with
respect thereto, (ii) was prepared in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis
throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes
thereto or, in the case of unaudited interim financial statements, as may be
permitted by the SEC on Form 10-Q, 8-K or any successor form under the Exchange
Act), and (iii) fairly presented in all material respects the consolidated
financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the
respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of Companys operations
and cash flows for the periods indicated. The balance sheet of the Company
contained in the Company SEC Reports as of September 30, 2002 is hereinafter
referred to as the COMPANY BALANCE SHEET. Except as disclosed in the Company
Financials, since the date of the Company Balance Sheet, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities required under GAAP to be set
forth on a consolidated balance sheet (absolute, accrued, contingent or
otherwise) which, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company, except for liabilities incurred since the date
of the Company Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and liabilities incurred pursuant to this Agreement.

-11-



               2.5 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since the date of the Company
Balance Sheet (a) there has not been any Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, (b) and through the date hereof, the Company and its Subsidiaries have
conducted in all material respects their respective businesses only in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice, except for the negotiation and
execution of this Agreement and (c) through the date hereof, there has not
been: (i) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend on, or
other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of, any of
the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries capital stock, or any purchase,
redemption or other acquisition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of
any of the Companys capital stock or any other securities of the Company or
its Subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire any such
shares or other securities, except repurchases of unvested shares at cost in
connection with the termination of the Companys or any of its Subsidiarys
relationship with any Service Provider (as defined in the Company Option Plans)
pursuant to stock option or purchase agreements in effect on the date hereof or
entered into in compliance with this Agreement, or (ii) any split, combination
or reclassification of any of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries capital
stock.

     2.6 Taxes.

               (a) For the purposes of this Agreement, the term TAX or, collectively,
TAXES, shall mean any and all federal, state, local and foreign taxes,
assessments and other governmental charges, duties, impositions and
liabilities, including taxes based upon or measured by gross receipts, income,
profits, sales, use and occupation, and value added, ad valorem, transfer,
franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture, employment, excise and property
taxes, together with all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect
to such amounts, and any obligations with respect to such amounts arising as a
result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary
group for any period or under any agreements or arrangements with any other
Person and including any liability for taxes of a predecessor entity.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purposes of this Section 2.6 and Section
4.1(b)(xii), Tax and Taxes shall not include any Tax taken into account in
determining Assumed Customer Tax Obligation (as defined in Section 2.23(a)).
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all material federal,
state, local and foreign returns, estimates, information statements and reports
relating to Taxes (TAX RETURNS) required to be filed by any of them and all
such Tax Returns are true and correct in all material respects. The Company and
each of its Subsidiaries have timely paid, or have adequately reserved (in
accordance with GAAP) for the payment of, all Taxes required to be paid
(whether or not shown on any Tax Returns), and the most recent financial
statements contained in the Company SEC Reports reflect an adequate reserve (in
accordance with GAAP) for all Taxes payable by the Company and its Subsidiaries
through the date of such financial statements. No material deficiencies for any
Taxes have been asserted or assessed, or, to the Knowledge (as defined in
Section 8.3(b)) of the Company, proposed, against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries that are not subject to adequate reserves (in accordance with
GAAP). No audit or other examination of any Tax Return of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is presently in progress, nor has the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries been notified of any request for such an audit or other
examination.

-12-



               (b) There are no outstanding agreements extending or waiving the statutory
period of limitations applicable to any claim for, or the period for the
collection or assessment or reassessment of, Taxes due from the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries for any taxable period and no request for any such waiver
or extension is currently pending. There are no Liens for Taxes upon the assets
or properties
of the Company or any Subsidiary except for statutory Liens for current
Taxes not yet due. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party
to any agreement relating to the sharing, allocation or indemnification of
Taxes, or any similar agreement, contract or arrangement, (collectively, TAX
SHARING AGREEMENTS) or has any liability for Taxes of any Person (other than
members of the affiliated group, within the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the
Code, filing consolidated federal income tax returns of which the Company is
the common parent) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6, Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1502-78 or similar provision of state, local or foreign
law, as a transferee or successor, by Contract, or otherwise. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has executed or entered into a closing
agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of the Code or any similar provision of
state, local or foreign law. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
subject to any private letter ruling of the Internal Revenue Service (the
IRS) or comparable ruling of any other Tax authority, and there is no
currently pending private letter ruling request to the IRS or comparable ruling
request to any other Tax authority, relating to either the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries have each withheld (or will
withhold) from their respective employees, independent contractors, creditors,
stockholders and third parties and timely paid to the appropriate Tax authority
proper and accurate amounts in all material respects for all periods ending on
or before the Closing Date in compliance with all Tax withholding and remitting
provisions of applicable laws. No claim in writing has been made by any
Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries files Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that
jurisdiction. The Company and its Subsidiaries have given or otherwise made
available to Parent true, correct and complete copies of all Tax Returns,
examination reports and statements of deficiencies for taxable periods, or
transactions consummated, for which the applicable statutory periods of
limitations have not expired. The Company and its Subsidiaries have, in all
material respects, charged their customers all sales, goods and services, and
other similar Taxes required to be charged under the laws and regulations of
all applicable taxing jurisdictions. All such Taxes have been collected and
remitted to the appropriate Tax authority in a timely manner in all material
respects.

     2.7 Intellectual Property.

               (a) No Infringement. The products, services and operations of the Company
do not infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property (as defined below)
of any third party where such infringement or misappropriation, individually or
in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY shall mean any or all of the following and all rights
in, arising out of, or associated therewith: (i) all United States,
international and foreign patents and applications therefor and all reissues,
divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and
continuations-in-part thereof, (ii) all inventions (whether patentable or not),
invention disclosures, improvements, trade secrets, proprietary information,
know how, technology, technical data and customer lists, computer software
programs and all documentation relating to any of the foregoing, (iii) all
copyrights, copyrights registrations and applications therefor, and all other
rights corresponding thereto throughout the world, (iv) all industrial designs
and any registrations and applications therefor throughout the world, (v) all
mask works and any registrations and

-13-



applications therefor throughout the world, (vi) all trade names, logos, URLs,
common law trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark
registrations and applications therefor throughout the world, (vii) all
databases and data collections and all rights therein throughout the world,
(viii) all moral and economic rights of authors and inventors, however
denominated, throughout the world, and (ix) any similar or equivalent rights to
any of the foregoing anywhere in the world. COMPANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
shall mean all Intellectual Property owned by the Company and/or used in its
products, services and operations.

               (b) No Impairment. The Merger (including the assignment by operation of
law of any Contract to the Surviving Corporation) will not result in: (i)
Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent (other than the Company and its
Subsidiaries, but only to the extent existing prior to the Merger) being bound
by any material non-compete or other material restriction on the operation of
any business of Parent or its Subsidiaries, (ii) Parent or any Subsidiary of
Parent (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries, but only to the extent
existing prior to the Merger) granting any rights or licenses to any material
Intellectual Property of Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent to any third party
(including a covenant not to sue with respect to any material Intellectual
Property of Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent), or (iii) the termination or
breach of any Contract to which the Company is a party, which termination or
breach would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on either the Surviving Corporation or Parent, or (iv) the termination or
forfeiture of any Company Intellectual Property.

               (c) Schedule. Section 2.7(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth,
as of the date hereof, a list of all material Company Intellectual Property
described in subsection (i), (iv), (v) and (vi) of Section 2.7(a) and all
copyright registrations and applications therefor.

               (d) Ownership and Maintenance. The Company owns, or possesses licenses or
other valid rights to use, all Company Intellectual Property which is required
or necessary to the conduct of the business of the Company, except where the
lack thereof, individually or
in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
To the Knowledge of the Company, no Person is infringing upon or violating any
material Company Intellectual Property. The Company has taken reasonable steps
to maintain the confidentiality of its trade secrets.

               (e) Privacy. The Company does not use or collect any of the information it
collects from its web site visitors or other parties in an unlawful manner, or
in a manner that violates the Companys privacy policy or the privacy rights of
its customers. The Merger will not violate the Companys privacy policy or the
privacy rights of its customers.

     2.8 Compliance; Permits.

               (a) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is or has
been in conflict with, or in default or in violation of any Legal Requirement
applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses or properties is
bound, except, in each case, or in the aggregate, for conflicts, violations and
defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. No
material investigation or review by any Governmental Entity is pending or, to
the Knowledge of the Company, has been threatened in a writing delivered to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. There is no judgment, injunction, order or decree

-14-



binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which, individually or in
the aggregate, has or could have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

               (b) Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries hold, to the extent legally
required, all permits, licenses, authorizations, franchises, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals from Governmental Entities (PERMITS) that
are required for the operation of the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, as currently conducted, the failure to hold which, individually
or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company
(collectively, COMPANY PERMITS). As of the date hereof, no suspension or
cancellation of any of the Company Permits is pending or, to the Knowledge of
the Company, threatened. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in
all material respects with the terms of the Company Permits.

     2.9 Litigation. Except as set forth in the Company SEC Reports filed prior
to the date hereof, there are no claims, suits, actions or proceedings pending
or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, nor, to the Knowledge of the
Company, any investigation pending or threatened, against the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, any present or former officer, director or employee of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other Person for whom the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries may be liable or pursuant to which it may be obligated
to indemnify any such officer, director, employee of Person, before any
Governmental Entity that seeks to restrain, delay, alter or enjoin the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, seeks an award of damages
in connection with this Agreement or any transactions contemplated hereby or
which could, either singularly or in the aggregate with all such claims,
actions or proceedings, be material to the Company. Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is subject to any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or
order of any Governmental Entity that has had or would have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

     2.10 Brokers and Finders Fees. Except for fees payable to Goldman Sachs
& Co. pursuant to an engagement letter dated October 3, 2002, a copy of which
has been provided to Parent, the Company has not incurred, nor will it incur,
directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders fees or agents
commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any
transaction contemplated hereby.

     2.11 Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set forth in the Company SEC
Reports, since the date of the Companys last proxy statement filed with the
SEC, no event has occurred as of the date hereof that would be required to be
reported by the Company pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by
the SEC. Section 2.11 of the Company Disclosure Letter identifies each Person
who is an affiliate (as that term is used in Rule 145 promulgated under the
Securities Act) of the Company as of the date hereof.

     2.12 Employee Benefit Plans.

               (a) The employee compensation, severance, termination pay, deferred
compensation, stock or stock-related awards, incentive, fringe, pension,
profit-sharing, savings, retirement, employment, consulting, bonus,
change-in-control, retention, welfare, cafeteria, flexible or other benefit
plans, programs, policies, commitments, agreements or other arrangements
(whether or not set forth in a written document and including, without
limitation, all employee benefit plans within

-15-



the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended (ERISA)) under which any employee, former employee, director
or consultant of the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any trade or
business (whether or not incorporated) that is a member of a controlled group
or that is under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section
414 of the Code (each an ERISA AFFILIATE) has any present or future right to
benefits, or with respect to which the Company has or may in the future have
direct or indirect liability, whether contingent or otherwise, are referred to
herein as the PLANS. Section 2.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter
contains a complete and accurate list of each material Plan, including (i) all
severance and employment agreements of the Company with directors or executive
officers, (ii) all severance programs and policies of each of the Company or
its Subsidiaries, (iii) all Plans pursuant to which benefits would, in any
respect, vest or an amount would become payable by virtue of the transactions
contemplated hereby, and (iv) each stock option plan, stock purchase plan,
equity based compensation plan, equity award to any Person (whether payable in
cash, shares or otherwise) (to the extent not issued pursuant to any of the
foregoing plans) or other plan or Contract of any nature with any Person
(whether or not an employee) pursuant to which any stock, option, warrant or
other right to purchase or acquire capital stock of the Company or right to
payment based on the value of the Company capital stock has been granted or
otherwise issued (collectively, COMPANY STOCK OPTION PLANS). The Company has
provided or made available to Parent with respect to each Plan, a true, correct
and complete copy thereof and to the extent applicable: (i) the most recent
documents (including all amendments and trusts or other funding instruments
constituting each Plan; (ii) the three most recent annual reports (Form Series
5500 and all schedules and financial statements attached thereto), if any,
required under ERISA or the Code in connection with each Plan; (iii) all IRS
determination, opinion, notification and advisory letters relating to any Plan;
(iv) if the Plan is funded, the most recent periodic accounting of the Plan
assets; (v) the most recent summary plan description, summary of material
modifications and any other written communication (or description of any oral
communications) by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate concerning the extent of
benefits provided under a Plan; (vi) for the last three years all material
correspondence with the IRS and the Department of Labor (the DOL); and (vii)
any other document reasonably requested by Parent.

               (b) Each Plan has been maintained and administered in material compliance
with its terms and with the requirements prescribed by any and all statutes,
orders, rules and regulations (foreign or domestic), including ERISA and the
Code, that are applicable to such Plans. No suit, action, Lien or other
litigation (excluding claims for benefits incurred in the ordinary course of
Plan activities) has been brought, or to the Knowledge of the Company is
threatened, against or with respect to any such Plan, except as would not
result in material liability to the Company. There are no audits, inquiries or
proceedings pending by the IRS or the DOL with respect to any Plans. Any Plan
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust
intended to qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code (i) has either applied for
or obtained a favorable determination, notification, advisory and/or opinion
letter, as applicable, as to its qualified status from the IRS or still has a
remaining period of time under applicable Treasury Regulations or IRS
pronouncements in which to apply for such letter and to make any amendments
necessary to obtain a favorable determination, and (ii) incorporates or has
been amended to incorporate all provisions required to comply with the Tax
Reform Act of 1986 and subsequent legislation, unless the Plan still has a
remaining period of time under applicable Treasury Regulations or IRS
pronouncements in which to conform to such legislation, and to the Knowledge of
the Company, there are no facts or

-16-



circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the loss of such
qualification or the imposition of any material liability, penalty or tax under
ERISA, the Code or any other applicable laws, rules or regulations. With
respect to each Plan: (i) all reports, returns, notices and other documentation
that are required to have been filed with or furnished to the IRS and the DOL,
the SEC or any other Governmental Entity, or to the participants or
beneficiaries of such Plan have been filed or furnished on a timely basis, and
(ii) no individual who has performed services for the Company or its
Subsidiaries has been improperly excluded from participation, except in each
case for violations which would not reasonably be expected to cause material
harm to the Company. All contributions (including all employer contributions
and employee salary reduction contributions) or premium payments required to be
made by the Company or its Subsidiaries in respect of any Plan have been timely
paid or accrued, except as would not result in material liability to the
Company. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate have any liability,
whether contingent or otherwise, with respect to any plan subject to Title IV
of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code which remains unsatisfied.

               (c) Neither the Company, its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the
Company, any other party in interest or disqualified person with respect to
any Plan has engaged in a non-exempt prohibited transaction within the
meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code involving such
Plan. To the Knowledge of the Company, no fiduciary has any material liability
for breach of fiduciary duty or any other failure to act or comply with the
requirements of ERISA, the Code or any other applicable laws in connection with
the administration or investment of the assets of any Plan.

               (d) Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has at any time ever
maintained, established, sponsored, participated in, contributed to, been
requested to contribute to, or had any liability, whether contingent or
otherwise, with respect to any multiemployer plan, as such term is defined in
Section 3(37)(A) of ERISA. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate have at
any time ever maintained, established, sponsored, participated in, contributed
to, or had any liability, whether contingent or otherwise, with respect to, (i)
any multiple employer plan, or to any plan described in Section 413 of the
Code, (ii) any multiple-employer welfare arrangement as defined in Section
3(40) of ERISA, (iii) a Plan subject to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA, or (iv)
a Plan maintained outside of the jurisdiction of the United States. None of the
Plans promises or provides retiree medical or other retiree benefits to any
person except as required by applicable law, including without limitation,
coverage required under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1985, as amended.

               (e) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is bound by or subject
to (and none of its respective assets or properties is bound by or subject to)
any arrangement with any labor union. No employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is represented by any labor union or covered by any collective
bargaining agreement and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no campaign to
establish such representation is in progress. There is no pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened labor dispute, strike or work stoppage
involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any group of its
employees. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations
respecting employment, employment and labor practices, terms and conditions of
employment and wages and hours, in each case, with respect to its current or
former employees, except in each case for

-17-



compliance violations which would not reasonably be expected to cause material
harm to the Company. The Company has not received written notice of any
investigation, charge or complaint pending before the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission or any other Governmental Entity regarding an unlawful
unemployment practice. The Company (i) is not barred from any governmental
contract by the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs or comparable
state agency (the OFCCP), (ii) has not received a notice to show cause from
the OFCCP, and (iii) does not have an action pending with the OFCCP.

               (f) Neither any payment or benefit which will or may be made by the
Company or its Subsidiaries, nor the execution and delivery of this Agreement
nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (either alone or
in combination of another event) shall (i) result in the payment of any amount
which could be characterized as a parachute payment, within the meaning of
Code Section 280G(b)(2), (ii) result in any material payment becoming due, or
materially increase the amount of any compensation due, to any current or
former employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (iii) materially increase
any benefits otherwise payable under any Plan, (iv) result in the acceleration
of the time of payment or vesting of any such compensation or benefits, or (v)
result in the triggering or imposition of any restrictions or limitations on
the rights of the Company or its Subsidiaries to amend or terminate any Plan.

               (g) To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company and its
Subsidiaries nor any organization to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is a
successor or parent corporation, within the meaning of Section 4069(b) of
ERISA, has engaged in any transaction described in Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of
ERISA.

               (h) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have incurred any
material liability or material obligation under the Worker Adjustment and
Retraining Notification Act or any similar state or local law which remains
unsatisfied.

               (i) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have direct or
indirect liability with respect to any misclassification of any Person as an
independent contractor rather than as an employee, or with respect to any
employee leased from another employer, except as would not result in material
harm to the Company.

               (j) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
Contract or other arrangement which could result in the payment of material
amounts that could be non-deductible by reason of Section 162(m) of the Code.

               (k) Each Plan which is a group health plan within the meaning of Section
5000(b)(1) of the Code and Section 607(l) of ERISA has been administered in
material compliance with, and the Company and its Subsidiaries have otherwise
complied with, (i) the requirements of the Heath Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996 and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) the
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, and the
regulations promulgated thereunder; and (iii) the Medicare Secondary Payor
Provisions of Section 1862 of the Social Security Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder, except, in each case, for compliance violations which
would not reasonably be expected to cause material harm to the Company.

-18-



               (l) No stock or other security issued by the Company or its Subsidiaries
forms or has formed a material part of the assets of any Plan.

               (m) Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has a contract or
commitment, whether legally binding or not, to create any additional employee
benefit or compensation plans, policies or arrangements or, except as may be
required by applicable law, to modify any Plan.

               (n) No assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries are allocated to or held
in a rabbi trust or other funding vehicle in respect of any Plan other than
one qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code.

               (o) No employee welfare plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA
(WELFARE PLAN) disclosed in Section 2.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter
is a multiple employer welfare arrangement as defined in Section 3(40) of
ERISA or self-insured.

     2.13 Environmental Matters.

               (a) Hazardous Material. Except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, no underground
storage tanks and no amount of any substance that has been designated by any
Governmental Entity or by applicable Legal Requirement to be radioactive,
toxic, hazardous or otherwise a danger to health or the environment, including
PCBs, asbestos, petroleum, urea-formaldehyde and all substances listed as
hazardous substances pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or defined as a hazardous
waste pursuant to the United States Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of
1976, as amended, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to said laws, but
excluding office and janitorial supplies, (a HAZARDOUS MATERIAL) are present,
as a result of the actions of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
affiliate of the Company, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, as a result of
any actions of any third party or otherwise, in, on or under any property,
including the land and the improvements, ground water and surface water
thereof, that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has at any time owned,
operated, occupied or leased.

               (b) Hazardous Materials Activities. Except as would not, individually or
in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company: (i)
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has transported, stored, used,
manufactured, disposed of, released or exposed its employees or others to
Hazardous Materials in violation of or in a manner which would result in
liability pursuant to, any Legal Requirement in effect on or before the Closing
Date and (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has disposed of,
transported, sold, used, released, exposed its employees or others to or
manufactured any product containing a Hazardous Material (collectively,
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS ACTIVITIES) in violation of or in a manner which would
result in liability pursuant to any Legal Requirement.

     2.14 Contracts.

               (a) Material Contracts. For purposes of this Agreement, COMPANY MATERIAL
CONTRACT shall mean:

-19-



               (i) any material contracts (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10)
of Regulation S-K of the SEC) with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries;

               (ii) any Contract containing any covenant: (A) limiting the right of the
Company or its Subsidiaries to engage in any material line of business, make
use of any material Intellectual Property or compete with any Person in any
material line of business, or (B) otherwise having an adverse effect on the
right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to sell, distribute or
manufacture any material products or services;

               (iii) any Contract, or group of Contracts with a Person (or group of
affiliated Persons), the termination or breach of which would, individually or
in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on any material division or
business unit or other material operating group of product or service offerings
of the Company or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company;

               (iv) indentures, credit agreements, security agreements, mortgages,
guarantees, promissory notes and Contract relating to or evidencing
indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(excluding any equipment leases involving aggregate annual payments of less
than $100,000 per lease);

               (v) any non-competition agreement or any other agreement or obligation
which limits or purports to limit in any respect the manner in which, or the
localities in which, the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may
be conducted;

               (vi) any legal entity in the nature of a partnership or joint venture, or
a material strategic alliance (or any Contract substantially similar to any of
the foregoing);

               (vii) any Contract which could prohibit or materially delay the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

               (viii) any Contract that involves, or to the Knowledge of the Company is
likely to involve, aggregate annual payments to or from the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries of $500,000 (excluding any Contract with customers of the
Company or its Subsidiaries or any Contract governing an investment made in
accordance with the Investment Policy (as defined in Section 4.1(b)(ix))); or

               (ix) any material Contract with any present director or executive officer
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any stockholder who owns or
controls 10% or more of the Companys voting stock.

     (b)  Schedule. Section 2.14(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth
a list of all Company Material Contracts to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound by as of the date
hereof.

     (c)  No Breach. All Company Material Contracts are valid and in full force
and effect except to the extent they have previously expired in accordance with
their terms or if the failure to be in full force and effect, individually or
in the aggregate, would not be material to the Company.

-20-



Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has violated any provision of,
or committed or failed to perform any act which, with or without notice, lapse
of time or both would constitute a default under the provisions of, any Company
Material Contract, except in each case for those violations and defaults which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not be material to the Company. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice from
any other party to any Company Material Contract that it intends to terminate
or not renew such Company Material Contract. To the Companys Knowledge, no
such other party is in violation, breach or default of any Company Material
Contract.

     2.15 Disclosure. The Proxy Statement (as defined in Section 5.1) shall
not, at the date the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto)
is first mailed to the stockholders of the Company, at the time of the
Stockholders Meeting (as defined in Section 5.2) and as of the Effective Time,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading or necessary to correct any statement in any earlier communication
with respect to the solicitation of proxies for the Stockholders Meeting which
shall have become false or misleading. The Proxy Statement will comply in all
material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no representation or warranty is made by the Company with respect to statements
made or incorporated by reference therein about Parent supplied by Parent or
any of Parents representatives for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
the Proxy Statement.

     2.16 Board Approval. The Board of Directors of the Company has (i) at a
meeting duly called and held on or prior to the date hereof determined that
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are advisable and fair
to, and are in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders and
declared the Merger to be advisable, (ii) approved and adopted this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger and the
Stockholder Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby, which
approval constitutes approval under Section 203 of the Delaware Law such that
the Merger, this Agreement and the other transactions contemplated hereby, are
not and shall not be subject to any restriction pursuant to Section 203 of the
Delaware Law, (iii) resolved to make the Recommendation (as defined in Section
5.2(b)), subject to the right of the Board of Directors of the Company to
withhold, withdraw, amend, change or modify the Recommendation in accordance
with Section 5.3(d), and (iv) directed that this Agreement and the Merger be
submitted to the stockholders of the Company for approval.

     2.17 Fairness Opinion. The Companys Board of Directors has received an
opinion from Goldman, Sachs & Co., dated as of January 5, 2003, to the effect
that, as of such date, the Per Share Amount is fair from a financial point of
view to the holders of outstanding shares of Company Common Stock.

     2.18 Rights Plan. The Company has taken all actions necessary to render
the Company Rights Agreement inapplicable to the
execution or delivery of this Agreement or the Stockholder Agreements, the
consummation of the Merger pursuant to this Agreement or the consummation of
any other transactions contemplated hereby and a copy of the amendment to such
Company Rights Agreement effecting such change has been provided to Parent.

-21-



     2.19 Takeover Statutes. The Board of Directors of the Company has taken
all actions such that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
and the Stockholder Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby, are
not and will not be subject to any restrictions under Section 203 of Delaware
Law. No other state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation applies
to or purports to apply to the Merger, the Stockholder Agreements or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

     2.20 Vote Required. The only vote of the holders of any class or series of
capital stock of the Company necessary to approve and adopt this Agreement and
approve the Merger is the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock (voting
together as a single class and on an as-converted to Common Stock basis).

     2.21 Real Estate.

               (a) Ownership of Premises. The Company does not own any real property.

               (b) Leased Properties. Section 2.21(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter is
a true, correct and complete schedule of all leases, subleases, licenses and
other agreements (collectively, the REAL PROPERTY LEASES) under which the
Company uses or occupies or has the right to use or occupy, now or in the
future, any real property (the land, buildings and other improvements covered
by the Real Property Leases being herein called the LEASED REAL PROPERTY).
The Company has heretofore delivered to Parent true, correct and complete
copies of all Real Property Leases (including all modifications, amendments and
supplements). There is no material uncured default by the Company as tenant
under any of the Real Property Leases or, to the best of the Companys
Knowledge, by the landlord thereunder. The Company holds the leasehold estate
under and interest in each Real Property Lease free and clear of all Liens,
other than for Liens for taxes not yet due and payable. None of the Leased Real
Property is subleased or sublicensed to any other person or entity.

               (c) Entire Premises. All of the material land, buildings, structures and
other improvements used by the Company in the conduct of its business are
included in the Leased Real Property.

     2.22 Customers. Section 2.22 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a
list of (i) the top twenty-five (25) customers of the Company and its
Subsidiaries (established using the projected annualized value per customer
based on revenue for the three (3) month period ended September 30, 2002), (ii)
for each such customer, the amount of the dollar volume established using the
projected annualized value per customer based on revenue for the three (3)
month period ended September 30, 2002 and (iii) confirmation of whether a
written agreement (other than periodic purchase orders) exists between the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries and each such customer and the effective
date of each such written agreement. To the Knowledge of the Company, as of the
date hereof, no Person listed on Section 2.22 of the Company Disclosure Letter
within the last twelve months has canceled or otherwise terminated the
relationship of such Person with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or has
given written notice that it intends to cancel or otherwise terminate the
relationship of such Person with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

     2.23 Trust Funds

-22-



               (a) Trust Tax Funds. All Trust Tax Funds amounts have been held in
segregated tax accounts maintained by the Company or its Subsidiaries on behalf
of their customers (the TAX ACCOUNTS). Such amounts are not commingled with
funds of the Company and its Subsidiaries and no amounts have been paid out of
such Tax Accounts other than (i) payments to the applicable Tax authorities of
such Taxes on behalf of such customers, (ii) payments returning any such
amounts (or any portion of such amounts) to such customers, (iii) the interest
income earned on investments which is subsequently transferred to the Companys
corporate cash account or (iv) fees mistakenly wired by customers to the Tax
Accounts which are transferred to the Companys corporate cash account. To the
Knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have paid in a
timely manner to the applicable Tax authorities all amounts that are required
to be paid to such authorities on behalf of their customers in respect of all
taxable periods then ended, except in the event that any failure to pay such
amount to such authorities was (i) caused solely by the refusal or inability of
the customer to pay such amount to the Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii)
caused solely by the failure of the customer to provide accurate data to the
Company and its Subsidiaries or (iii) in the ordinary course of business. To
the Knowledge of the Company, the Company and its
Subsidiaries have timely filed with the applicable Tax authorities all Tax
Returns that are required to be filed in connection with the Trust Tax Funds
held in the Tax Accounts, except in the event that any failure to timely file
such Tax Returns with such authorities was (i) caused solely by the failure of
the customer to provide in a timely manner the information necessary to make
such filings or (ii) in the ordinary course of business. The aggregate Assumed
Customer Tax Obligations are equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of
Trust Tax Funds held in the Tax Accounts plus (ii) the relevant portion of Tax
Account Receivables (as defined in Section 5.13), if any, with the exception of
the realized loss in value of a financial instrument described in Section 2.23
of the Company Disclosure Letter of which corporate funds will ultimately be
transferred into the Tax Account to remedy the differential. TRUST TAX FUNDS
shall mean, with respect to any date, all federal and state payroll, social
security, Medicare, unemployment and other trust Taxes held in Tax Accounts
that were (i) withheld by the Company or its Subsidiaries from the payroll of
employees of, or otherwise collected from, the Companys or its Subsidiaries
customers in connection with the payroll processing and tax filing services of
the Company and its Subsidiaries prior to such date and (ii) not yet remitted
to the applicable Tax authorities as of such date. ASSUMED CUSTOMER TAX
OBLIGATIONS shall mean with respect to any date, obligations of the Company
and/or its Subsidiaries as of such date (i) to remit to the Tax authorities on
behalf of the Companys or its Subsidiaries customers after such date all
federal and state payroll, social security, Medicare, unemployment and other
trust Taxes that are required to be paid and (ii) to refund to the Companys or
its Subsidiaries customers after such date any Trust Tax Funds over-impounded
from such customers by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries, in each case, in
connection with the payroll processing and tax filing services performed by the
Company and/or its Subsidiaries prior to such date; provided that, for purposes
hereof, the Company and/or its Subsidiaries shall only be regarded as having
such an obligation if, and to the extent that, a customer has paid, or Trust
Tax
 Funds have been over-impounded by, the Company and/or its Subsidiaries in
respect thereof prior to such date. To the Companys Knowledge, set forth on
Section 2.23 of the Company Disclosure Letter is a true and correct list as of
December 20, 2002 of penalties and interest relating to assessments with
respect to payroll Tax Returns filed on behalf of the clients of the Company or
its Subsidiaries which, at the time the Company received notice of such
assessments, were deemed individually to represent potential exposure to the
Company and Subsidiaries, or their clients, in excess of $250,000.

               (b) Trust Non-Tax Funds. All Trust Non-Tax Funds amounts have been held in
segregated non-tax accounts maintained by the Company or its Subsidiaries on
behalf of their customers (the NON-TAX ACCOUNTS). Such amounts are not
commingled with funds of the Company or its Subsidiaries and no amounts have
been paid out of such accounts other than (i) payments to the applicable
regulatory authorities of such withheld amounts on behalf of such

-23-



customers or to authorized recipients or (ii) payments returning any such
amounts (or any portion of such amounts) to such customers. To the Knowledge of
the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have paid in a timely manner to
the applicable regulatory authorities (or authorized recipients) all amounts
that are required to be paid to such authorities (or authorized recipients) on
behalf of customers in respect of all payroll periods then ended, except in the
event that any failure to pay such amount to such authorities (or authorized
recipients) was (i) caused solely by the refusal or inability of the customer
to pay such amount to the Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) caused solely by
the failure of the customer to provide accurate data to the Company and its
Subsidiaries or (iii) in the ordinary course of business. To the Knowledge of
the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have timely filed with the
applicable regulatory authorities or authorized recipients all filings, if any,
that are required to be filed in connection with the Trust Non-Tax Funds held
in the Non-Tax Accounts, except in the event that any failure to timely file
such filings with such authorities was (i) caused solely by the failure of the
customer to provide in a timely manner the information necessary to make such
filings or (ii) in the ordinary course of business. The aggregate Assumed
Customer Non-Tax Obligations are equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate amount
of Trust Non-Tax Funds held in the Non-Tax Accounts plus (ii) the relevant
portion of Trust Account Receivables, if any. TRUST NON-TAX FUNDS shall mean,
with respect to any date, (a) all customers employees net pay (in connection
with direct deposit services or check services) and (b) all workers
compensation or other insurance premiums or contributions (whether on behalf of
the employer or employee) to 401(k) or other similar investment plans that were
withheld by the Company or its Subsidiaries from the payroll of employees of,
or otherwise collected from, the Companys or its Subsidiaries customers in
connection with the payroll processing services of the Company and its
Subsidiaries prior to such date, which in each case, were not yet remitted to
the applicable regulatory authorities or other authorized recipients as of such
date and are held in Non-Tax Accounts. ASSUMED CUSTOMER NON-TAX OBLIGATIONS
shall mean with respect to any date, obligations of the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries as of such date (i) to remit to the applicable regulatory
authorities or other authorized recipients on behalf of the Companys or its
Subsidiaries customers after such date all workers compensation or other
insurance premiums or contributions (whether on behalf of employer or employee)
to 401(k) or other similar investment plans or customers employees net pay
(in connection with direct deposit services or check services) that are
required to be paid and (ii) to refund to the Companys or its Subsidiaries
customers after such date any Trust Non-Tax Funds over-impounded from such
customers by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries, in each case, in connection
with the payroll processing services performed by the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries prior to such date; provided that, for purposes hereof, the
Company and/or its Subsidiaries shall only be regarded as having such an
obligation if, and to the extent that, a customer has paid,
or Trust Non-Tax Funds have been over-impounded by, the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries in respect thereof prior to such date.

     2.24 Investment Policy. The Company is, in all material respects, in
compliance with the terms of the Investment Policy.

-24-



ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

     Parent and Merger Sub represent and warrant to the Company, except as
otherwise set forth in writing in appropriately corresponding sections of the
disclosure letter supplied by Parent and Merger Sub to the Company dated as of
the date hereof (the PARENT DISCLOSURE LETTER), as follows:

     3.1 Organization; Standing and Power; Charter Documents; Subsidiaries.

               (a) Organization; Standing and Power. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, has the
requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets
and properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted, except
where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

               (b) Charter Documents. Parent has delivered or made available to the
Company (i) a true and correct copy of the Certificate of Incorporation
(including any Certificate of Designations) and Bylaws of Parent, each as
amended to date (collectively, the PARENT CHARTER DOCUMENTS). and of the
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of Merger Sub (collectively, the
MERGER SUB CHARTER DOCUMENTS). Such Parent Charter Documents and Merger Sub
Charter Documents are in full force and effect. Parent is not in violation of
any of the provisions of the Parent Charter Documents and Merger Sub is not in
violation of any of the provisions of the Merger Sub Charter Documents.

               (c) Merger Sub. All the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other
equity interests in Merger Sub have been validly issued and are fully paid and
non-assessable and are owned directly or indirectly by Parent, free and clear
of all Liens, including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise
dispose of such capital stock or other ownership interests, except for
restrictions imposed by applicable securities laws.

     3.2 Authority; Non-Contravention; Necessary Consents.

               (a) Authority. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby has been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Merger
Sub and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Merger Sub are
necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject only, with respect to
the Merger, to the filing of the Certificate of Merger pursuant to Delaware
Law. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger
Sub and, assuming due execution and delivery by the Company, constitutes the
valid and binding obligation of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against
Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms.

-25-



               (b) Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Parent and Merger Sub does not, and performance of this Agreement by Parent
will not: (i) conflict with or violate the Parent Charter Documents or the
Merger Sub Charter Documents, (ii) subject to compliance with the requirements
set forth in Section 3.2(c), conflict with or violate any material Legal
Requirement applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or by which Parent or Merger Sub
or any of their respective properties is bound or affected, or (iii) result in
any material breach of or constitute a material default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, or
impair Parents rights or alter the rights or obligations of any third party
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, or result in the creation of a material Lien on any of the
material properties or assets of Parent or Merger Sub pursuant to, any material
Contract to which Parent or Merger Sub is a party or by which Parent or Merger
Sub or any of their respective properties are bound or affected, in each case,
except as would not individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse
effect on the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby.

               (c) Necessary Consents. No consent, approval, order or authorization of,
or registration, declaration or filing with any Governmental Entity is required
to be obtained or made by Parent in connection with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement or
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for (i)
the Necessary Consents and (ii) such other consents, authorizations, filings,
approvals and registrations which if not obtained or made would not be material
to Parent, Merger Sub or the Company or materially adversely affect the ability
of the parties hereto to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby within
the time frame in which such transactions would otherwise be consummated in the
absence of the need for such consent, approval, order, authorization,
registration, declaration or filings.

     3.3 Brokers and Finders Fees. Except for fees payable to Lehman Brothers
pursuant to an engagement letter entered into by Parent, Parent has not
incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for
brokerage or finders fees or agents commissions or any similar charges in
connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby.

     3.4 Disclosure. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by or
on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference
in the Proxy Statement, will, at the time the Proxy Statement is first mailed
to the stockholders of the Company, at the time of the Stockholders Meeting or
as of the Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading or necessary to correct any statement in
any earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of proxies for the
Stockholders Meeting which shall have become false or misleading.

     3.5 Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Parent has, by resolutions
duly adopted by at a meeting of the Parents Directors duly called and held and
not subsequently rescinded or modified in any way (the PARENT BOARD APPROVAL)
has duly approved this Agreement.

     3.6 Available Funds.

     3.7 Parent has or has available to it, and will make available to Merger
Sub, all funds necessary to satisfy all of Parents and Merger Subs
obligations under this Agreement.

-26-



ARTICLE IV

CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME

     4.1 Conduct of Business of the Company.

          (a) Ordinary Course. During the period from the date hereof and
continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
its terms or the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, (except (i) as permitted by the terms of this Agreement, (ii)
as disclosed in Section 4.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, or (iii) to the
extent that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing (which consent shall not
be unreasonably delayed), carry on the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, including but not limited to its Investment Policy in all material
respects, in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice, and shall use
their commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact their business,
organization and relationships with third parties and to keep available the
services of their officers and employees.

          (b) Required Consent. In addition, without limiting the generality
of Section 4.1(a), except as permitted by the terms of this Agreement, and
except as provided in Section 4.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, without the
prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably
delayed), during the period from the date hereof and continuing until the
earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the
Effective Time, the Company shall not do any of the following, and shall not
permit its Subsidiaries to do any of the following:

               (i) Enter into any new line of business material to it and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

               (ii) Declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any
other distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property) in
respect of any capital stock or split, combine or reclassify any capital stock
or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
lieu of or in substitution for any capital stock, other than, the declaration
and payment in additional shares of Company Preferred Stock of quarterly
dividends payable to the holders of Company Preferred Stock in accordance with
Section 3 of the Certificate of Designation;

               (iii) Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or
indirectly, any shares of its capital stock or the capital stock of its
Subsidiaries, except repurchases of unvested shares at cost in connection with
the termination of the Companys or any of its Subsidiarys relationship with
any Service Provider (as defined in the Company Option Plans) pursuant to stock
option or purchase agreements in effect on the date hereof or entered into in
compliance with this Agreement;

               (iv) Issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise
encumber any shares of capital stock, Voting Debt or any securities convertible
into shares of capital stock or Voting Debt, or subscriptions, rights, warrants
or options to acquire any shares of capital stock or Voting Debt or any
securities convertible into shares of capital stock or Voting Debt, or enter
into other agreements or commitments of any character obligating it to issue any
such securities or rights, other than: (A) issuances of Company Common Stock
upon the exercise of Company Options existing on the date hereof in accordance
with their present terms or granted pursuant to clause (D) hereof, (B) issuance
of shares of Company Common Stock to participants in the Company Purchase Plans

-27-



pursuant to the terms thereof under currently existing agreements, (C) issuances
of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of other options, warrants or other
rights of the Company outstanding on the date hereof in accordance with their
present terms (including cashless exercises), and (D) grants of stock options to
acquire Company Common Stock granted on or after February 14, 2003 under the
Company Stock Option Plans in the ordinary course of business in connection with
annual compensation reviews, promotions or new hires provided that not more than
75,000 shares of Company Common Stock (net of cancellations) shall be issued
pursuant to this clause (D) in each three month period commencing on February
14, 2003;

               (v) Cause, permit or propose any amendments to the Company
Charter Documents or any of the Subsidiary Charter Documents of its
Subsidiaries;

               (vi) Acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating
with, or by purchasing any equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or
by any other manner, any business or any Person or division thereof, or
otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets which are material,
individually or in the aggregate, to its business;

               (vii) Enter into any joint ventures, strategic partnerships or
alliances that are material to any of its divisions or business units;

               (viii) Except as previously disclosed in the Company SEC
Reports prior to the date hereof, sell, lease, license, mortgage or otherwise
encumber or dispose of any properties or assets which are material, individually
or in the aggregate, to its business, except in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;

               (ix) Make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
investments in, any other Person, other than: (A) loans or investments by it or
a Subsidiary of it to or in it or any wholly-owned Subsidiary of it, (B)
employee loans or advances made in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice and not to exceed $250,000 in the aggregate, (C) investments
by it or a Subsidiary of it in any other Person (i) in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice and not to exceed $500,000 in the
aggregate (provided that none of such transactions referred to in this clause
(C)(i) presents a material risk of delaying the Merger or making it more
difficult to obtain any Necessary Consent) or (ii) pursuant to the terms of and
in accordance with the Companys Investment Policy. For the purposes of this
Agreement, INVESTMENT POLICY shall mean the investment policy of the Company
adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on July 31, 2002 set forth in
Section 4.1(b)(ix) of the Company Disclosure Letter;

               (x) Except as required by GAAP or the SEC as concurred in by
its independent auditors, make any material change in its methods or principles
of accounting since the date of the Company Balance Sheet;

               (xi) Make or change any material Tax election or adopt or
change a Tax accounting method;

               (xii) Settle, pay, discharge or satisfy any material claim
(including any Tax claim), action, suit, investigation, audit or proceeding
involving money damages, except (A) in the ordinary course of business (B) to
the extent subject to reserves existing as of the date hereof in

-28-



accordance with GAAP, (C) amounts outside the ordinary course of business not to
exceed $500,000 in the aggregate or (D) engaging in any such activities on
behalf of customers of the Company or its Subsidiaries that result in payments
only by such customers, and, except as permitted by subsections (A), (B) or (C),
do not result in any payment obligation or other liability of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries;

               (xiii) Except as required by Legal Requirements, this
Agreement or Contracts currently binding on the Company or its Subsidiaries,
adopt or amend any Plan, Company Purchase Plans, Company Stock Option Plan or
Other Options, or enter into any new, or amend any existing employment,
severance, consulting, salary continuation or other similar Contract or
collective bargaining agreement (other than offer letters and letter agreements
entered into in the ordinary course of business with employees who are
terminable at will), pay any special bonus or special remuneration (cash,
equity or otherwise) to any director or employee, or increase the salaries or
wage rates or fringe benefits (including rights to severance or indemnification)
of its directors, officers, employees or consultants except (x) payment of
bonuses or increases in salaries or wage rates or fringe benefits to non-officer
employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or
(y) payments made to Company employees pursuant to Company retention plans in
amounts not to exceed the amounts set forth in Section 4.1 of the Company
Disclosure Letter;

               (xiv) Enter into any Contract the effect of which would be to
grant to a third party any actual or potential right of license to any material
Intellectual Property owned by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries;

               (xv) Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee
any such indebtedness of another Person, issue or sell any debt securities or
warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, guarantee any debt securities of another Person, enter into
any keep well or other Contract to maintain any financial statement condition
of another Person or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of
any of the foregoing, except for borrowings under its line of credit for working
capital purposes and the endorsement of checks in the normal course of business
consistent with past practice or make any loans, advances or capital
contributions to, or investments in, any other Person, other than to the Company
or any direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company and other than
travel and entertainment advances to employees in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice;

               (xvi) Adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation,
dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or
reorganization;

               (xvii) Engage in any transaction with, or enter into any
agreement, arrangement, or understanding with, directly or indirectly, any of
the Companys or its Subsidiaries affiliates, including, without limitation,
any transactions, agreements, arrangements or understandings with any affiliate
or other Person covered under Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K that would be
required to be disclosed under such Item 404;

               (xviii) Do or permit any licensee or sublicensee thereof to do
any act or knowingly omit to do any act whereby any Company Intellectual
Property may become invalidated, abandoned or dedicated to the public domain;

-29-



               (xix) Make any commitment or enter into, or amend, modify, or
terminate, or waive any rights under any Company Material Contract; or

               (xx) Agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions
described in (i) through (xix) above.

          (c) Taxes. During the period from the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall:

               (i) prepare, in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice (except as otherwise required by law), and timely file all
Tax Returns required to be filed by it (or them) on or before the Closing Date
(POST SIGNING RETURNS);

               (ii) deliver to Parent drafts of the Companys fiscal year
ended June 30, 2002 Tax Return prior to the date (including extensions) on which
such Tax Return is required to be filed; and

               (iii) promptly notify Parent of any material federal, state,
local or foreign income or franchise and any other suit, claim, action,
investigation, proceeding or audit pending against or with respect to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Tax matter, including
(without limitation) Tax liabilities and refund claims.

ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

     5.1 Proxy Statement. Promptly after execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the Company shall prepare and shall file with the SEC as soon as is
practicable a preliminary Proxy Statement, together with a form of proxy, with
respect to the Stockholders Meeting at which the stockholders of the Company
will be asked to vote upon and approve this Agreement and the Merger and shall
use reasonable efforts to have the Proxy Statement and form of proxy cleared by
the SEC as promptly as practicable, and promptly thereafter shall mail the
definitive Proxy Statement and form of proxy to stockholders of the Company. The
term PROXY STATEMENT shall mean such proxy or information statement and all
amendments or supplements thereto, if any, similarly filed and mailed. Parent
will provide the Company with any information that may be required in order to
effectuate the preparation and filing of the Proxy Statement pursuant to this
Section 5.1. The Company will provide Parent and its counsel with a reasonable
opportunity to review the Proxy Statement prior to its filing. The Company will
respond to, and provide Parent and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to
participate in the response of the Company to, any comments from the SEC and
will notify Parent promptly upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC in
connection with the filing of, or amendments or supplements to, the Proxy
Statement. Whenever any event occurs which is required to be set forth in an
amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement, the Company or Parent, as the
case may be, will promptly inform the other of such occurrence and cooperate in
filing with the SEC and/or mailing to stockholders of the Company such amendment
or supplement. Each of Parent and the Company shall cooperate and the Company
shall provide Parent (and its counsel) with a reasonable opportunity to review
and comment on the Proxy Statement and on any amendment or supplement to the
Proxy Statement prior to filing such with the SEC, and will

-30-



provide Parent with a copy of all such filings made with the SEC. The
information provided and to be provided by Parent, Merger Sub and the Company,
respectively, for use in Proxy Statement shall, on the date the Proxy Statement
is first mailed to the Companys stockholders, on the date of the Stockholders
Meeting and as of the Effective Time, not contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make such
information, in light of the circumstances under which it was provided, not
misleading, and the Company, Parent and Merger Sub each agree to correct any
information provided by it for use in the Proxy Statement which shall have
become false or misleading in any material respect. The Proxy Statement shall
comply as to form in all material respects with all applicable requirements of
federal securities laws.

     5.2 Meetings of Stockholders; Board Recommendation.

          (a) Meeting of Stockholders. Promptly after the execution of this
Agreement, the Company will take all action necessary in accordance with
Delaware Law and its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to call, hold and
convene a meeting of its stockholders to consider the adoption and approval of
this Agreement and approval of the Merger (the STOCKHOLDERS MEETING) as soon
as practicable after the date hereof. Subject to Section 5.3(d), the Company
will use reasonable efforts to solicit from its stockholders proxies in favor of
the adoption and approval of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger, and
will take all other action necessary or advisable to secure the vote or consent
of its stockholders required by Delaware Law to obtain such approval.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the
Company may adjourn or postpone its Stockholders Meeting to the extent
necessary to ensure that any necessary supplement or amendment to the Proxy
Statement is provided to its stockholders in advance of a vote on the Merger and
this Agreement or, if as of the time for which the Stockholders Meeting is
originally scheduled (as set forth in the Proxy Statement) there are
insufficient shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock
represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to
conduct the business of such Stockholders Meeting.

          (b) Board Recommendation. Except to the extent expressly permitted
by Section 5.3(d): (i) the Board of Directors of the Company shall recommend
that its stockholders vote in favor of the adoption and approval of this
Agreement and approval of the Merger (the RECOMMENDATION), at the
Stockholders Meetings, (ii) the Proxy Statement shall include a statement to
the effect that the Board of Directors of the Company has recommended that the
Companys stockholders vote in favor of adoption and approval of this Agreement
and approval of the Merger at the Stockholders Meeting, and (iii) neither the
Board of Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof shall withdraw,
amend or modify, or propose or resolve to withdraw, amend or modify in a manner
adverse to Parent, the Recommendation.

     5.3 Acquisition Proposals.

          (a) No Solicitation. The Company agrees that neither it nor any of
its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective officers, directors, agents and
representatives (including any investment banker, attorney or accountant
retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries), and any party to a Stockholder
Agreement shall, and that the Company shall use reasonable efforts to cause its
and its Subsidiaries other employees and affiliates not to (and shall not
authorize any of them to) directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, initiate,
encourage, knowingly facilitate or induce any inquiry with respect to,

-31-



or the making, submission or announcement of, any Acquisition Proposal (as
defined in Section 5.3(f)) with respect to itself, (ii) participate or engage in
any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person any
nonpublic information with respect to, or take any other action to facilitate
any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or may reasonably
be expected to lead to, any Acquisition Proposal with respect to itself, (iii)
approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal with respect to itself
(except to the extent specifically permitted pursuant to Section 5.3(d)), or
(iv) enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any Contract or
commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Proposal or
transaction contemplated thereby with respect to itself. The Company and its
Subsidiaries and any of their respective officers, directors, agents and
representatives (including any investment banker, attorney or accountant
retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries), and any party to a Stockholder
Agreement will immediately cease, and the Company shall use reasonable efforts
to cause its and its Subsidiaries other employees and affiliates to cease, any
and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any third parties
(other than Parent, Merger Sub and their representatives) conducted heretofore
with respect to any Acquisition Proposal with respect to itself.

          (b) Notification of Unsolicited Acquisition Proposals. As promptly
as practicable and in any event within one (1) business day after receipt of any
Acquisition Proposal or any request for nonpublic information or inquiry which
the Company reasonably believes would lead to an Acquisition Proposal the
Company shall provide Parent with oral and written notice of the material terms
and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry, and the
identity of the Person or group making any such Acquisition Proposal, request or
inquiry. The Company shall, upon receipt of an Acquisition Proposal, request or
inquiry, provide Parent as promptly as practicable oral and written notice
setting forth the terms of any material amendments or proposed material
amendments of any such Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry.

          (c) Superior Offers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in Section 5.3(a), in the event that, prior to the adoption and
approval of this Agreement and the Merger by the required vote of the
stockholders of the Company, the Company receives an unsolicited, bona fide
written Acquisition Proposal with respect to itself from a third party that its
Board of Directors has in good faith concluded (after consultation with its
outside legal counsel and its financial advisor), is, or is reasonably likely to
result in, a Superior Offer (as defined in Section 5.3(f)) and the Company has
complied in full with all its obligations under Section 5.3(a) in connection
with such Acquisition Proposal, it may then take the following actions:

               (i) Furnish nonpublic information to the third party making
such Acquisition Proposal, provided that (A) (1) concurrently with furnishing
any such nonpublic information to such party, it gives Parent written notice of
its intention to furnish nonpublic information and (2) it receives from the
third party an executed confidentiality agreement in substantially the form of
the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined in Section 5.4) prior to taking any
action under clause (1) above and (B) contemporaneously with furnishing any such
nonpublic information to such third party, it furnishes such nonpublic
information to Parent (to the extent such nonpublic information has not been
previously so furnished);

               (ii) Engage in negotiations with the third party with respect
to the Acquisition Proposal, provided that concurrently with entering into
negotiations with such third

-32-



party, it gives Parent oral and written notice of the its intention to enter
into negotiations with such third party; and

               (iii) Approve or recommend, or propose to approve or
recommend, any Superior Offer and enter into any agreement with respect thereto;
provided, in each such case, that the Company has terminated this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.1(g).

     Nothing in this Section 5.3(c) shall relieve the Company from its
obligation to comply with Section 5.3(b).

          (d) Changes of Recommendation. The Board of Directors of the Company
may not withhold, withdraw, amend or modify the Recommendation (any of the
foregoing actions, whether by a Board of Directors or a committee thereof, a
CHANGE OF RECOMMENDATION), unless, prior to the adoption and approval of this
Agreement and the Merger by the required vote of the stockholders of the
Company, the Board of Directors has concluded in good faith, after consultation
with its outside legal counsel, that such Change of Recommendation is required
by its fiduciary obligations to its stockholders under Delaware Law.

          (e) Compliance with Tender Offer Rules. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall prohibit either party or its respective Board of Directors from
taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position contemplated by Rules 14d-9
and 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act.

          (f) Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the following meanings:

               (i) ACQUISITION PROPOSAL, with respect to a party, shall
mean any offer or proposal or public announcement of a proposal or plan,
relating to any transaction or series of related transactions involving: (A) any
purchase from such party or acquisition by any Person or group (as defined
under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder) of more than a fifteen percent (15%) interest in the total
outstanding voting securities of such party or any of its Subsidiaries, directly
or indirectly, or any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would
result in any Person or group beneficially owning fifteen percent (15%) or more
of the total outstanding voting securities of such party or any of its
Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, or any merger, consolidation, business
combination or similar transaction involving such party or any of its
Subsidiaries, (B) any sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of
business), exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of
business), acquisition or disposition of more than fifteen percent (15%) of the
assets of such party (including its Subsidiaries taken as a whole), directly or
indirectly, or (C) any liquidation or dissolution of such party; and

               (ii) SUPERIOR OFFER, with respect to a party, shall mean an
unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by a third party to acquire, directly
or indirectly, pursuant to a tender offer, exchange offer, merger, consolidation
or other business combination, all or substantially all of the assets of such
party or a majority of the total outstanding voting securities of such party and
as a result of which the stockholders of such party immediately preceding such
transaction would hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the equity interests in
the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction or any direct or indirect
parent or subsidiary thereof, on terms that the Board of Directors

-33-



of such party has in good faith concluded (after consultation with its outside
legal counsel and its financial adviser) (i) to be more favorable from a
financial point of view, to such partys stockholders (in their capacities as
stockholders) than the terms provided pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the
conditions to the consummation of which are reasonably capable of being
satisfied and (iii) financing for which, to the extent required, is then
committed or in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company
(after consultation with its independent financial advisors) reasonably
available.

     5.4 Confidentiality; Access to Information.

          (a) Confidentiality. The parties acknowledge that the Company and
Parent have previously executed a Non-Disclosure Agreement dated November 1,
2002 (the CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT), which Confidentiality Agreement will
continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and Parent will
hold, and will cause its directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors
(including attorneys, accountants, consultants, bankers and financial advisors)
to hold, any Evaluation Material (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement)
confidential in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement.

          (b) Access to Information. The Company will afford Parent and
Parents accountants, counsel and other representatives reasonable access during
normal business hours to its properties, books, records and personnel during the
period prior to the Effective Time to obtain all information concerning its
business, including the status of product development efforts, properties,
results of operations and personnel, as Parent or its representatives may
reasonably request, and, during such period, upon request by Parent, the Company
shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, furnish promptly to Parent a
copy of any report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed by
it during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal or state
securities laws; provided, however, that the Company may restrict the foregoing
access to the extent that any law, treaty, rule or regulation of any
Governmental Entity applicable to the Company requires the Company or its
Subsidiaries to restrict or prohibit access to any such properties or
information.

     5.5 Public Disclosure. Neither the Company, Parent nor any of their
respective affiliates shall issue or cause the publication of any press release
or other public announcement with respect to the this Agreement or the other
transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of the other
party, except as may be required by law or by any listing agreement with, or the
policies of, a national securities exchange in which circumstance reasonable
efforts to consult with the other party will still be required to the extent
practicable.

     5.6 Regulatory Filings; Reasonable Best Efforts.

          (a) Regulatory Filings. Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
shall coordinate and cooperate with one another and shall each use reasonable
best efforts to comply with, and shall each refrain from taking any action that
would impede compliance with, all Legal Requirements, and as promptly as
practicable after the date hereof, each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
shall make all filings, notices, petitions, statements, registrations,
submissions of information, application or submission of other documents
required by any Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, including, without

-34-



limitation: (i) Notification and Report Forms with the United States Federal
Trade Commission (the FTC) and the Antitrust Division of the United States
Department of Justice (DOJ) as required by the HSR Act, (ii) any other filing
necessary to obtain any Necessary Consent, (iii) filings under any other
comparable pre-merger notification forms required by the merger notification or
control laws of any applicable jurisdiction, as agreed by the parties hereto,
and (iv) any filings required under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any
applicable state or securities or blue sky laws and the securities laws of any
foreign country, or any other Legal Requirement relating to the Merger. Each of
Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall comply as promptly as practicable with
any request for additional information, documents or other materials received by
such party hereto or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates from any Governmental
Entity. Each of Parent and the Company will cause all documents that it is
responsible for filing with any Governmental Entity under this Section 5.6(a) to
comply in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements.

          (b) Exchange of Information. Parent, Merger Sub and the Company each
shall promptly supply the other with any information which may be required in
order to effectuate any filings or application pursuant to Section 5.6(a).
Except where prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements, and subject to the
Confidentiality Agreement, each of the Company and Parent shall consult with
outside counsel to the other prior to taking a position with respect to any such
filing, shall permit outside counsel to the other to review and discuss in
advance, and consider in good faith the views of the other in connection with
any analyses, appearances, presentations, memoranda, briefs, white papers,
arguments, opinions and proposals before making or submitting any of the
foregoing to any Governmental Entity by or on behalf of any party hereto in
connection with any investigations or proceedings in connection with this
Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby (including
under any antitrust or fair trade Legal Requirement), coordinate with outside
counsel to the other in preparing and exchanging such information and promptly
provide outside counsel to the other with copies of all filings, presentations
or submissions (and a summary of any oral presentations) made by such party to
any Governmental Entity in connection with this Agreement, the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated hereby, provided that with respect to any such
filing, presentation or submission, each of Parent and the Company need not
supply outside counsel to the other with copies (or in case of oral
presentations, a summary) to the extent that any law, treaty, rule or regulation
of any Governmental Entity applicable to such party requires such party or its
Subsidiaries to restrict or prohibit access to any such properties or
information.

          (c) Notification. Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company will
notify the other promptly upon the receipt of: (i) any comments from any
officials of any Governmental Entity in connection with any filings made
pursuant hereto and (ii) any request by any officials of any Governmental Entity
for amendments or supplements to any filings made pursuant to, or information
provided to comply in all material respects with, any Legal Requirements.
Whenever any event occurs that is required to be set forth in an amendment or
supplement to any filing made pursuant to Section 5.6(a), Parent, Merger Sub or
the Company, as the case may be, will promptly inform the other of such
occurrence and cooperate in filing with the applicable Governmental Entity such
amendment or supplement.

          (d) Reasonable Best Efforts. Subject to the express provisions of
Section 5.2 and Section 5.3 hereof and upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, each of the

-35-



parties agrees to use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the
other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate
and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including using reasonable best efforts to
accomplish the following: (i) the taking of all reasonable acts necessary to
cause the conditions precedent set forth in Article VI to be satisfied, (ii) the
obtaining of all necessary actions or non-actions, waivers, consents, approvals,
orders and authorizations from Governmental Entities and the making of all
necessary registrations, declarations and filings (including registrations,
declarations and filings with Governmental Entities, if any) and the taking of
all reasonable steps as may be necessary to avoid any suit, claim, action,
investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Entity, (iii) the obtaining of
all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties, including all
Necessary Consents, (iv) the defending of any suits, claims, actions,
investigations or proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging
this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any
court or other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed, and (v) the execution or
delivery of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by, and to fully carry out the purposes of, this Agreement. In
connection with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its Board of
Directors shall, if any takeover statute or similar Legal Requirement is or
becomes applicable to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, use reasonable best efforts to ensure that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as practicable on
the terms contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of
such Legal Requirement on this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.

          (e) Limitation on Divestiture. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed
to require Parent or the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate thereof to take
or agree to take any Action of Material Divestiture (as defined below) which
would be reasonably likely to materially adversely impact the benefits expected
to be derived by Parent and its Subsidiaries (on a combined basis with the
Company and its Subsidiaries) as a result of the transactions contemplated
hereby or would be reasonably likely to materially adversely affect Parent and
its Subsidiaries (on a combined basis with the Company and its Subsidiaries)
following the Merger. For purposes of this Agreement, an ACTION OF MATERIAL
DIVESTITURE shall mean executing or carrying out agreements or submitting to
Legal Requirements providing for a material license, material sale or other
material disposition of any assets or categories of assets that are material to
the combined business of Parents employer services business and the Company or
the holding separate of Company capital stock or imposing or seeking to impose
any material limitation on the ability of Parent, the Company or any of their
respective Subsidiaries to own such assets or to acquire, hold or exercise full
rights of ownership of the Companys business or on the ability of Parent to
conduct the combined business of Parents employer services business and the
Company.

     5.7 Notification of Certain Matters. The Company shall give prompt notice
to Parent and Parent shall give prompt notice to the Company, of any
representation or warranty made by it contained in this Agreement becoming
untrue or inaccurate or any failure of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub, as the
case may be, to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this
Agreement, such that, (A) in

-36-



the case of the Company, the conditions set forth in Section 6.2(a) or Section
6.2(b) would not be satisfied or (B) in the case of Parent or Merger Sub, the
conditions set forth in Section 6.3(a) or Section 6.3(b) would not be satisfied;
provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5.7
shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to any of
the parties sending or receiving such notice.

     5.8 Third-Party Consents. As soon as practicable following the date
hereof, Parent and the Company will each use reasonable efforts to obtain (i)
all Necessary Consents and (ii) all consents, waivers and approvals under any
Company Material Contract as may be required to be obtained in connection with
the Merger.

     5.9 Company Employee Plans and Employee Benefits.

          (a) For the twelve (12) month period following the Effective Time,
Parent will provide to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
who are employed by Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent after the Effective Time
(the CONTINUING EMPLOYEES) compensation (excluding bonuses, commissions, stock
options, restricted stock, other forms of equity compensation and benefits) that
is comparable to the compensation (excluding bonuses, commissions, stock
options, restricted stock, other forms of equity compensation and benefits)
provided to the Continuing Employees prior to the execution of this Agreement.
For the twelve (12) month period following the Effective Time, Parent will
maintain a severance pay practice for the benefit of each Continuing Employee
that is no less favorable than the severance pay practice provided by the
Company as of the date of this Agreement. On and after the Effective Time,
Parent and/or any Subsidiary of Parent shall provide to the Continuing Employees
participation in benefit plans offered to similarly situated employees of Parent
that are no less favorable than the Plans (the PARENT PLANS). Parent shall
take all necessary actions to provide that Continuing Employees will receive
full credit for years of service with the Company and any of its Subsidiaries
under the Parent Plans to the extent taken into account for such purposes under
the Plans prior to the Effective Time (other than with respect to benefit
accrual under tax qualified plans)). Parent and/or any Subsidiary of Parent
shall give credit under those of its Parent Plans that are welfare benefit plans
for all amounts credited toward deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums, and time
accrued against applicable waiting periods, by Continuing Employees (including
their eligible dependents), in respect of the calendar year in which the
Effective Time occurs. Parent and/or any Subsidiary of Parent shall waive all
requirements for evidence of insurability and pre-existing conditions otherwise
applicable to the Continuing Employees under the Parent Plans in which such
Continuing Employees become eligible to participate on or following the
Effective Time.

          (b) Parent agrees that at the Effective Time, Company Employees may
participate in the employee stock purchase plan sponsored by Parent (the PARENT
ESPP), subject to the terms and conditions of the Parent ESPP, and that service
with the Company shall be treated as service with Parent for determining
eligibility of the Continuing Employees under the Parent ESPP.

     5.10 Indemnification.

          (a) Indemnity. From and after the Effective Time, Parent will, and
will cause the Surviving Corporation to, fulfill and honor in all respects the
obligations of the Company pursuant to any indemnification and exculpation
provisions in favor of the current or former directors or officers of the
Company (the INDEMNIFIED PARTIES) under the Certificate of Incorporation or
Bylaws of the Company and any agreement between an Indemnified Party and the
Company or a Subsidiary of the

-37-



Company as in effect as of the date hereof that is listed in Section 5.10(a) of
the Company Disclosure Letter. The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of
the Surviving Corporation will contain provisions with respect to exculpation
and indemnification that are at least as favorable to the Indemnified Parties as
those contained in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company as
in effect on the date hereof, which provisions will not be amended, repealed or
otherwise modified for a period of six years from the Effective Time in any
manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of individuals who at
any time prior to the Effective Time were directors, officers, employees or
agents of the Company, unless such modification is required by law.

          (b) Insurance. For a period of six (6) years after the Effective
Time, Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect the
current policies of directors and officers liability insurance maintained by
the Company covering those persons (but only those persons) who are currently
covered by such policies; provided, however, that in no event will the Surviving
Corporation be required to pay an annual premium on such insurance policy that
is greater than 200% of the annual premium currently payable by the Company for
such coverage and provided, further, that notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
event such coverage is no longer available (or is only available for an amount
in excess of 200% of the annual premium currently paid by the Company for such
coverage) Parent shall nevertheless be obligated to provide such coverage as may
be obtained for such 200% amount. Parent may, however, satisfy its obligations
under the first sentence of this Section 5.10(b) by purchasing a tail policy
under the Companys existing directors and officers insurance policy which (i)
has an effective term of six (6) years from the Effective Time, (ii) covers
those persons (but only those persons) who are currently covered by the
Companys directors and officers insurance policy in effect as of the date
hereof, and (iii) contains terms and conditions (including, coverage amounts)
which are no less advantageous that those contained in the terms and conditions
of the Company directors and officers insurance policies in effect as of the
date hereof. The Company shall take all actions necessary or advisable under its
existing directors and officers insurance policy to permit Parent to satisfy
its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to triggering any tail
policy.

          (c) Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Section 5.10 is intended to be
for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by the Indemnified Parties and
their heirs and personal representatives and shall be binding on Parent and the
Surviving Corporation and its successors and assigns. In the event Parent or the
Surviving Corporation or its successor or assign (i) consolidates with or merges
into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation
or entity in such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all or substantially
all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each case, proper
provision shall be made so that the successor and assign of Parent or the
Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, honor the obligations set forth with
respect to Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, in this
Section 5.10.

     5.11 Section 16 Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent and the
Company shall take all such steps as may be required (to the extent permitted
under applicable law) to cause any dispositions of Company Common Stock
(including derivative securities with respect to Company Common Stock) or
acquisitions of Parent Common Stock (including derivative securities with
respect to Parent Common Stock) resulting from the transactions contemplated by
Article I of this Agreement by each individual who is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 16(a) of the

-38-



Exchange Act with respect to the Company to be exempt under Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act.

     5.12 Merger Sub Compliance. Parent shall cause Merger Sub to comply with
all of Merger Subs obligations under or relating to this Agreement. Merger Sub
shall not engage in any business which is not in connection with the Merger or
other transactions contemplated hereby.

     5.13 Tax Account and Non-Tax Account Reconciliation Report and Related
Data. The Company has delivered to Parent, in a form reasonably acceptable to
Parent, (A) (i) a Tax Account Reconciliation Report as of December 31, 2002 and
(ii) a statement of the Assumed Customer Tax Obligations, Tax Trust Funds, Tax
Account Receivables (shown in aggregate, as well as by aging category, e.g., 30
to 90 days, 91 to 180, 181 to 360, and one year or older) and the Tax Fund
Investment Portfolio (showing market value adjustments) balances, each as of
December 31, 2002, for each customer of the Company or its Subsidiaries and (B)
a Non-Tax Bank Account Reconciliation Report as of December 31, 2002. TAX
ACCOUNT RECONCILIATION REPORT shall mean a reconciliation report comparing the
aggregate amounts of the Tax Trust Funds and Tax Account Receivables to the
Assumed Customer Tax Obligations for each customer. NON-TAX BANK ACCOUNT
RECONCILIATION REPORT shall mean a report demonstrating the reconciliation of
the cash disbursement ledger to the bank account for only the COBRA account, the
flexible spending account (FSA), the health and welfare account (H&W) and the
ProCheck business account. TAX ACCOUNT RECEIVABLES shall mean, with respect to
any date, any amounts owed to the Company or its Subsidiaries by its customers
as of such date relating to previously assumed and fulfilled Assumed Customer
Tax Obligations, including, but not limited to, (i) rejected Collection Items in
Transit, (ii) items payable to the Company or its Subsidiaries by its customers
for reimbursement of overdeposits by Tax authorities (for which the customer has
received earlier credit or upon which it has relinquished any claim) or (iii)
any other amounts owed to the Company or its Subsidiaries by customers for the
past funding of bona fide Assumed Customer Tax Obligations. A COLLECTION ITEM
IN TRANSIT shall mean a pre-approved electronic impound from a customers bank
account that was processed via an automated clearing house network or reverse
wire transfer initiated through the Companys or its Subsidiaries banks but
that is not yet settled. TAX FUND INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO shall mean that portion
of the Tax Trust Funds invested in bonds, securities, mutual funds, and other
non-cash financial instruments.

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

     6.1 Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger. The
respective obligations of each party to this Agreement to effect the Merger
shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:

          (a) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement shall have been approved
and adopted, and the Merger shall have been duly approved, by the requisite vote
under applicable law, by the stockholders of the Company.

          (b) No Order. No Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall
have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Legal Requirement
(whether temporary, preliminary or

-39-



permanent) which (i) is in effect and (ii) has the effect of making the Merger
illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger; provided, however,
that prior to invoking this condition, the party so invoking this condition
shall have complied with its obligations under Section 5.6.

          (c) HSR Act. All waiting periods (and any extension thereof) under
the HSR Act relating to the transactions contemplated hereby will have expired
or terminated early.

          (d) Necessary Consents. All Necessary Consents required to execute,
deliver and perform this Agreement and to consummate the Merger shall have been
obtained or made.

     6.2 Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The
obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate and effect the Merger shall
be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the
following conditions, any of which may be waived, in writing, exclusively by
Parent:

          (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of the Company contained in Article II of the Agreement (A) that are
qualified by the phrase Material Adverse Effect shall each be true and correct
in all respects and (B) that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in
all respects, in the case of (A) and (B) as of the date of this Agreement and as
of the Effective Time with the same force and effect as if made as of such date,
except (i) with respect to (B) any such representations and warranties in each
case, or in the aggregate with other representations and warranties that are not
qualified by the phrase Material Adverse Effect, as does not constitute a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company; (ii) for changes contemplated by this
Agreement; and (iii) for those representations and warranties which address
matters only as of a particular date (which representations shall have been true
and correct (subject, if applicable, to the Material Adverse Effect on the
Company limitation set forth in the preceding clause (i)) as of such particular
date) (it being understood that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of the
representations and warranties described in (B), all materiality qualifications
and other qualifications based on the word material contained in such
representations and warranties shall be disregarded) Parent shall have received
a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of the Company by an authorized
senior executive officer of the Company.

          (b) Agreements and Covenants. The Company has performed or complied
in all material respects with the covenants, obligations and agreements required
by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it at or prior to the
Closing Date. Parent and Merger Sub shall have received a certificate with
respect to the foregoing signed on behalf of the Company by an authorized senior
executive officer of the Company.

          (c) Litigation Matters. There shall not have been any suit or
proceeding by any Governmental Entity against Parent, the Company, Merger Sub or
any of their respective Subsidiaries, that would result in Parent being required
to take any action described in Section 5.6(e).

     6.3 Additional Conditions to the Obligations of the Company. The
obligation of the Company to consummate and effect the Merger shall be subject
to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following
conditions, any of which may be waived, in writing, exclusively by the Company:

-40-



          (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of Parent contained in Article III hereof (A) that are qualified by
the phrase Material Adverse Effect shall each be true and correct in all
respects and (B) that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all
respects, in the case of (A) and (B) as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Effective Time with the same force and effect as if made as of such date,
except (i) with respect to (B) any such representations and warranties in each
case, or in the aggregate with other representations and warranties that are not
qualified by the phrase Material Adverse Effect, as does not constitute a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent; (ii) for changes contemplated by this
Agreement; and (iii) for those representations and warranties which address
matters only as of a particular date (which representations shall have been true
and correct (subject, if applicable, to the Material Adverse Effect on Parent
limitation set forth in the preceding clause (i)) as of such particular date)
(it being understood that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of the
representations and warranties described in (B), all materiality qualifications
and other qualifications based on the word material contained in such
representations and warranties shall be disregarded). The Company shall have
received a certificate with respect to the foregoing signed on behalf of Parent,
with respect to the representations and warranties of Parent, by an authorized
senior executive officer of Parent and a certificate with respect to the
foregoing signed on behalf of Merger Sub, with respect to the representations
and warranties of Merger Sub, by an authorized officer of Merger Sub.

          (b) Agreements and Covenants. Parent and Merger Sub shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with the covenants, obligations
and agreements required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by
them at or prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall have received a
certificate with respect to the foregoing signed on behalf of Parent, with
respect to the covenants of Parent, by an authorized senior executive officer of
Parent and a certificate with respect to the foregoing signed on behalf of
Merger Sub, with respect to the covenants of Merger Sub, by an authorized
officer of Merger Sub.

ARTICLE VII

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

     7.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time, by action taken or authorized by the Board of Directors of the
terminating party or parties, and except as provided below, whether before or
after the requisite approval of the stockholders of the Company:

          (a) by mutual written consent duly authorized by the Boards of
Directors of Parent and the Company;

          (b) by either Parent or the Company, if the Merger shall not have
been consummated on or before May 31, 2003 (which date shall be extended to
September 30, 2003, in the event that all waiting periods (and any extension
thereof) under the HSR Act relating to the Merger shall not have expired or been
terminated on or prior to May 31, 2003) (the END DATE); provided, however,
that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(b) shall
not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has been the
principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the

-41-



Merger to occur on or before the End Date, and such action or failure to act
constitutes a material breach of this Agreement;

          (c) (i) by either the Company or Parent if any court of competent
jurisdiction or other Government Entity shall have issued an order, decree, or
ruling enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transaction contemplated by this
Agreement and such order, decree or ruling shall have become final and
non-appealable (unless such order, decree, or ruling has been withdrawn,
reversed, or otherwise made inapplicable); or (ii) by the Company if any
litigation or proceeding is pending before any court of competent jurisdiction
or has been threatened to be instituted by any Person or governmental body,
which in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company is
reasonably likely to result in an order, decree, or ruling enjoining,
prohibiting, seeking substantial damages in respect of, or impairing the
benefits of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

          (d) by Parent (at any time prior to the adoption and approval of
this Agreement and the Merger by the required vote of the stockholders of the
Company) if a Triggering Event (as defined below in this Section 7.1) with
respect to the Company shall have occurred;

          (e) by the Company by written notice to Parent, upon a breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Parent or Merger
Sub set forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of Parent
or Merger Sub shall have become untrue or inaccurate, which untruths,
inaccuracies or breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth
in Section 6.3(a) or 6.3(b); provided that if such untruth or inaccuracy in
Parents or Merger Subs representations and warranties or breach by Parent or
Merger Sub is curable by Parent or Merger Sub prior to the End Date through the
exercise of reasonable efforts, then the Company may not terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.1(e) prior to such End Date, provided that Parent
continues to exercise reasonable efforts to cure such untruthfulness, inaccuracy
or breach through the End Date (it being understood that the Company may not
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this paragraph (e) if it shall have
materially breached this Agreement or if such untruthfulness, inaccuracy or
breach by Parent or Merger Sub is cured prior to the End Date);

          (f) by Parent by written notice to the Company, upon a breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Company set
forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of the Company
shall have become untrue or inaccurate, which untruths, inaccuracies or breach
would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.2(a) or
6.2(b) provided that if such untruth or inaccuracy in the Companys
representations and warranties or breach by the Company is curable by the
Company prior to the End Date through the exercise of reasonable efforts, then
Parent may not terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(f) prior to the
End Date, provided that the Company continues to exercise reasonable efforts to
cure such untruthfulness, inaccuracy or breach through the End Date (it being
understood that Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
paragraph (f) if it shall have materially breached this Agreement or if such
untruthfulness, inaccuracy or breach by the Company is cured prior to the End
Date);

          (g) by the Company, if the Company receives a Superior Offer;
provided that, (i) the Company shall have notified Parent in writing prior to
terminating this Agreement pursuant to this

-42-



Section 7.1(g) that the Company has received a Superior Offer and intends to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(g), attaching the most
current version of such Superior Offer to such notice, (ii) the Company shall
have afforded Parent the reasonable opportunity to make a revised offer
(including by negotiating the terms of such offer with Parent) and Parent shall
not have made, within three (3) business days after receipt of the Companys
written notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 7.1(g), an offer that the Board of Directors of the Company determines
in good faith to be more favorable to the Companys stockholders than such
Superior Offer and (iii) the Company shall simultaneously with its termination
hereunder make all payments required by Section 7.3(b); and

          (h) by either the Company or Parent if the required approval of the
stockholders of the Company contemplated by this Agreement shall not have been
obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at a meeting of
the Company stockholders duly convened therefore or at any adjournment thereof;
provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section
7.1(h) shall not be available to the Company where the failure to obtain the
Company stockholder approval shall have been caused by the action or failure to
act of the Company and such action or failure to act constitutes a material
breach by the Company of this Agreement.

     For the purposes of this Agreement, a TRIGGERING EVENT, with respect to
the Company, shall be deemed to have occurred if: (i) its Board of Directors or
any committee thereof shall for any reason have withdrawn or shall have amended
or modified in a manner adverse to Parent the Recommendation, (ii) it shall have
failed to include the Recommendation in the Proxy Statement, (iii) its Board of
Directors or any committee thereof shall have approved or recommended any
Acquisition Proposal, or (iv) a tender or exchange offer relating to its
securities shall have been commenced by a Person unaffiliated with the Company
and it shall not have sent to its securityholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2
promulgated under the Securities Act, within ten (10) business days after such
tender or exchange offer is first published, sent or given, a statement
disclosing that the Board of Directors of the Company recommends rejection of
such tender or exchange offer.

     7.2 Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination. Except as otherwise set
forth in Section 7.1(g), any termination of this Agreement under Section 7.1
above will be effective immediately upon the delivery of a valid written notice
of the terminating party to the other party hereto. In the event of the
termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement shall
be of no further force or effect, except (i) as set forth in Section 5.4(a),
this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 and Article VIII, each of which shall survive the
termination of this Agreement and (ii) nothing herein shall relieve any party
from liability for any willful breach of this Agreement. No termination of this
Agreement shall affect the obligations of the parties contained in the
Confidentiality Agreement, all of which obligations shall survive termination of
this Agreement in accordance with their terms.

     7.3 Fees and Expenses.

          (a) General. Except as set forth in this Section 7.3, all fees and
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses whether
or not the Merger is consummated.

-43-



          (b) Payments.

               (i) Payment by the Company. In the event that this Agreement
is terminated by Parent or the Company, as applicable, pursuant to Section
7.1(d) or (g) the Company shall promptly, but (except as set forth in Section
7.1(g)) in no event later than two (2) business days after the date of such
termination, pay Parent a fee equal to $25 million in immediately available
funds.

               (ii) Payment by Parent. In the event that this Agreement is
terminated by Parent or the Company (A) pursuant to Section 7.1(c) primarily as
a result of issues relating to the antitrust or competition laws of any
applicable jurisdiction or (B) pursuant to Section 7.1(b) in the event the
applicable waiting period under the HSR Act not having expired or terminated
then, in any such event, Parent shall promptly, but in no event later than two
(2) business days after the date of such termination, pay the Company a fee
equal to $25 million in immediately available funds.

               (iii) Interest and Costs; Other Remedies. Each of Parent and
the Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section 7.3(b)
are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
that, without these agreements, Parent and the Company would not enter into this
Agreement; accordingly, if the Company or Parent fails to pay in a timely manner
the amounts due pursuant to Section 7.3(b)(i) or Section 7.3(b)(ii),
respectively, and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent or the Company, as
applicable, makes a claim that results in a judgment against the Company (in the
case of non-payment under Section 7.3(b)(i)) or Parent (in the case of
non-payment under Section 7.3(b)(ii)) for the amounts set forth in Section
7.3(b)(i) or Section 7.3(b)(ii), respectively, the Company (in the case of
non-payment under Section 7.3(b)(i)) or Parent (in the case of non-payment under
Section 7.3(b)(ii)) shall pay to the other party its reasonable costs and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) in connection with
such suit, together with interest on the amounts set forth in Section 7.3(b)(i)
or Section 7.3(b)(ii), as applicable, at the prime rate of Citibank, N.A. in
effect on the date such payment was required to be made. Payment of the fees
described in this Section 7.3(b) shall not be in lieu of damages incurred in the
event of breach of this Agreement.

     7.4 Amendment. Subject to applicable law, this Agreement may be amended by
the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective Boards of
Directors, at any time before or after approval of the matters presented in
connection with the Merger by the stockholders of the Company, provided, after
any such approval, no amendment shall be made which by law or in accordance with
the rules of any relevant stock exchange requires further approval by such
stockholders without such further stockholder approval. This Agreement may not
be amended except by execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf of
each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company.

     7.5 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time either
party hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective Board of
Directors, may, to the extent legally allowed: (i) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto,
(ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such
party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto, and (iii)
waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the benefit of
such party contained herein. Any agreement on the

-44-



part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if
set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. Delay in
exercising any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such
right.

ARTICLE VIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

     8.1 Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations
and warranties of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub contained in this
Agreement, or any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement, shall
terminate at the Effective Time, and only the covenants or agreements that by
their terms survive the Effective Time and this Article VIII shall survive the
Effective Time.

     8.2 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed duly given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered
personally, (ii) on the date of confirmation of receipt (or, the first business
day following such receipt if the date is not a business day) of transmission by
telecopy or telefacsimile, or (iii) on the date of confirmation of receipt (or,
the first business day following such receipt if the date is not a business day)
if delivered by a nationally recognized courier service. All notices hereunder
shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as
may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice:

(a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:

Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

One ADP Boulevard

Roseland, NJ 07068-1728

Attention: President, Employer Services Group

Facsimile: (973) 974-3305

with a copy to:

Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

One ADP Boulevard

Roseland, NJ 07068-1728

Attention: General Counsel

Facsimile: (973) 974-3324

with copies to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019-6064

Attention: Richard S. Borisoff, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 373-3000

Facsimile No.: (212) 757-3990

-45-



(b) if to the Company, to:

ProBusiness Services, Inc.

4125 Hopyard Road

Pleasanton, CA 94588

Attention: President and Chief Executive Officer

Attention: General Counsel

Telephone No.: (925) 737-3500

Facsimile No.: (925) 730-1152

with copies to:

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati

Professional Corporation

650 Page Mill Road

Palo Alto, California 94304

Attention: Elizabeth R. Flint

Telephone No.: (650) 493-9300

Facsimile No.: (650) 493-6811

and to:

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati

Professional Corporation

One Market

Spear Tower, Suite 3300

San Francisco, CA 94105

Attention: Steve L. Camahort

Telephone No.: (650) 493-9300

Facsimile No.: (415) 947-2099

     8.3 Interpretation; Knowledge.

          (a) When a reference is made in this Agreement to Exhibits, such
reference shall be to an Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.
When a reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, such reference shall be
to a section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. For purposes of this
Agreement, the words INCLUDE, INCLUDES and INCLUDING, when used herein,
shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation.
The  and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of
this Agreement. When reference is made herein to THE BUSINESS OF an entity,
such reference shall be deemed to include the business of all such entity and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

-46-



          (b) For purposes of this Agreement, the term KNOWLEDGE means, with
respect to a party hereto, with respect to any matter in question, that any of
the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Chief
Information Officer or Executive Vice President for Operations, has actual
knowledge of such matter.

          (c) For purposes of this Agreement, the term MATERIAL ADVERSE
EFFECT, when used in connection with an entity, means any change, event,
violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect (any such item, an EFFECT) that
is materially adverse to the business, properties, assets, financial condition
or results of operations of such entity taken as a whole with its Subsidiaries
(or, if such entity is the Company, the Company taken as a whole with its
Subsidiaries or Parent taken as a whole with its Subsidiaries); provided,
however, that, in no event shall any of the following be deemed to constitute,
nor shall any of the following be taken into account in determining whether
there has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect on any entity: (A) any
Effect resulting from compliance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, (B) any Effect resulting from the announcement or pendency of the
Merger (including, without limitation, any (x) actions by clients or
competitors, (y) loss of personnel or clients, or (z) the delay or cancellation
of orders for services and products), (C) any change in such entitys stock
price or trading volume, (D) any failure by such entity to meet revenue or
earnings projections, (E) any Effect that results from changes affecting any of
the industries in which such entity operates generally or the United States
economy generally, (F) any Effect that results from changes affecting general
worldwide economic or capital market conditions, (G) in the case of the Company
only, any Effect that results from investments in any other Person made in
accordance with the Companys Investment Policy, (H) any Effect that results
from changes in laws after the date hereof, or (I) any Effect resulting from an
outbreak or escalation of hostilities involving the United States, the
declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war, or the
occurrence of any acts of terrorism.

          (d) For purposes of this Agreement, the term PERSON shall mean any
individual, corporation (including any non-profit corporation), general
partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture,
estate, trust, company (including any limited liability company or joint stock
company), firm or other enterprise, association, organization, entity or
Governmental Entity.

     8.4 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of
the parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all
parties need not sign the same counterpart.

     8.5 Entire Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and the
documents and instruments and other agreements among the parties hereto as
contemplated by or referred to herein, including the Company Disclosure Letter
and the Parent Disclosure Letter (i) constitute the entire agreement among the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof, it being understood that the
Confidentiality Agreement shall continue in full force and

-47-



effect until the Closing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement and
(ii) are not intended to confer upon any other Person any rights or remedies
hereunder, except as specifically provided, following the Effective Time, in
Section 5.10.

     8.6 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement or the
application thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will
continue in full force and effect and the application of such provision to other
Persons or circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the
intent of the parties hereto. The parties further agree to replace such void or
unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision
that will achieve, to the greatest extent possible, the economic, business and
other purposes of such void or unenforceable provision.

     8.7 Other Remedies; Specific Performance.

          (a) Other Remedies. Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all
remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed cumulative with
and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon
such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the
exercise of any other remedy. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached.

          (b) Specific Performance. It is accordingly agreed that the parties
shall be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of
this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in
any court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

     8.8 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, regardless of
the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of
law thereof. Each party hereby (a) irrevocably and unconditionally submits to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery, with respect to
all actions and proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the
transaction contemplated hereby, (b) agrees that all claims with respect to any
such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined in such courts and
agrees not to commence an action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby except in such courts, (c) irrevocably and
unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any action or
proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby
and irrevocably and unconditionally waives the defense of an inconvenient forum,
(d) consents to service of process upon him, her or it by mailing or delivering
such service to the address set forth in Section 8.2 hereof, and (e) agrees that
a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be
enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner
provided by law.

     8.9 Rules of Construction. The parties hereto agree that they have been
represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement
and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or rule of
construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document will
be construed against the party drafting such agreement or document.

-48-



     8.10 Assignment. No party may assign either this Agreement or any of its
rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval
of the other parties; provided, however, that Parent or Merger Sub can assign
any of their respective rights and obligations to any direct or indirect
wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall relieve Parent
or Merger Sub, as the case may be, of its obligations hereunder. Any purported
assignment in violation of this Section 8.10 shall be void. Subject to the
preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.

     8.11 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF PARENT, MERGER SUB AND THE COMPANY
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING
OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF PARENT, MERGER SUB OR THE COMPANY
IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

*****

-49-



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed by their duly authorized respective officers as of the date first
written above.

PROBUSINESS SERVICES, INC.

By:

/s/ Thomas H. Sinton

Name: Thomas H. Sinton

Title: President & Chief Executive Officer

ADP MERGER CORP.

By:

/s/ Arthur F. Weinbach

Name: Arthur F. Weinbach

Title: President

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC.

By:

/s/ Arthur F. Weinbach

Name: Arthur F. Weinbach

Title: Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

****AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER****



ANNEX B

PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL

January 5, 2003

Board of Directors

ProBusiness Services, Inc.

4125 Hopyard Road

Pleasanton, CA 94588

Gentlemen:

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness from a financial point of
view to the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001
per share (the Shares), of ProBusiness Services, Inc. (the Company) of the
$17.00 per Share in cash to be received by such holders pursuant to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 5, 2003 (the Agreement),
among Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP), ADP Merger Corp, a wholly owned
subsidiary of ADP, and the Company.

Goldman, Sachs & Co., as part of its investment banking business, is
continually engaged in performing financial analyses with respect to businesses
and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities and private placements as well as for estate, corporate and
other purposes. We are familiar with the Company having provided certain
investment banking services to the Company from time to time, including having
acted as its financial advisor in connection with, and having participated in
certain of the negotiations leading to, the Agreement. We also have provided
certain investment banking services to ADP from time to time and may provide
investment banking services to ADP in the future. Goldman, Sachs & Co.
provides a full range of financial advisory and securities services and, in the
course of its normal trading activities, may from time to time effect
transactions and hold positions in securities, including derivative securities,
of the Company or ADP for its own account and for the accounts of customers.

In connection with this opinion, we have reviewed, among other things, the
Agreement; Annual Reports to Stockholders and Annual Reports on Form 10-K of
the Company for the four fiscal years ended June 30, 2002; certain interim
reports to stockholders and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q of the Company;
certain other communications from the Company to its stockholders; and certain
internal financial analyses and forecasts for the Company prepared by

B-1



Board of Directors

ProBusiness Services, Inc.

January 5, 2003

Page Two

its
management. We also have held discussions with members of the senior
management of the Company regarding their assessment of the past and current
business operations, financial condition and future prospects of the Company.
In addition, we have reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the
Shares, compared certain financial and stock market information for the Company
with
similar information for certain other companies the securities of which are
publicly traded, reviewed the financial terms of certain recent business
combinations in the payroll and data processing industries specifically and in
other industries generally and performed such other studies and analyses as we
considered appropriate.

We have relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial,
accounting and other information discussed with or reviewed by us and have
assumed such accuracy and completeness for purposes of rendering this opinion.
In addition, we have not made an independent evaluation or appraisal of the
assets and liabilities (including any derivative or off-balance-sheet assets
and liabilities) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and we have not been
furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. Our advisory services and the
opinion expressed herein are provided for the information and assistance of the
Board of Directors of the Company in connection with its consideration of the
transaction contemplated by the Agreement and such opinion does not constitute
a recommendation as to how any holder of Shares should vote with respect to
such transaction.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing and based upon such other matters as we
consider relevant, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the $17.00
per Share in cash to be received by the holders of Shares pursuant to the
Agreement is fair from a financial point of view to such holders.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Goldman, Sachs & Co.

B-2



ANNEX C

SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

               APPRAISAL
RIGHTS.  (a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who
holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to
subsection (d) of this section with respect to such shares, who continuously
holds such shares through the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
who has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section and who has
neither voted in favor of the merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in
writing pursuant to Section 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal
by the Court of Chancery of the fair value of the stockholders shares of stock
under the circumstances described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section.
As used in this section, the word stockholder means a holder of record of
stock in a stock corporation and also a member of record of a nonstock
corporation; the words stock and share mean and include what is ordinarily
meant by those words and also membership or membership interest of a member of
a nonstock corporation; and the words depository receipt mean a receipt or
other instrument issued by a depository representing an interest in one or more
shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is
deposited with the depository.

     (b)  Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or series
of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be
effected pursuant to Section 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
Section 251(g) of this title), Section 252, Section 254, Section 257, Section
258, Section 263 or Section 264 of this title:

     (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section shall
be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock,
or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to
determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at
the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or
consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities exchange
or designated as a national market system security on an interdealer
quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided
that no appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of
the constituent corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not
require for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving
corporation as provided in subsection (f) of Section 251 of this title.

     (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights
under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or
series of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are
required by the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant
to Sections 251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept
for such stock anything except:

a.

Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or
resulting from such merger or consolidation, or depository
receipts in respect thereof;

b.

Shares of stock of any other corporation, or
depository receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock
(or depository receipts in respect thereof) or depository
receipts at the effective date of the merger or consolidation
will be either listed on a national securities exchange or
designated as a national market system security on an

C-1



interdealer quotation system by the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000
holders;

c.

Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional
depository receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs
a. and b. of this paragraph; or

d.

Any combination of the shares of stock,
depository receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or
fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing
subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this paragraph.

     (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation
party to a merger effected under Section 253 of this title is not owned
by the parent corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal
rights shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware
corporation.

     (c)  Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a
provision, the procedures of this section, including those set forth in
subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is
practicable.

     (d)  Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

     (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are
provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a meeting
of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the
meeting, shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record
date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal rights
are available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) hereof that appraisal
rights are available for any or all of the shares of the constituent
corporations, and shall include in such notice a copy of this section.
Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such stockholders
shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of the vote on
the merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of such
stockholders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably
informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the
stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such stockholders
shares. A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation shall not
constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing to take such action must
do so by a separate written demand as herein provided. Within 10 days
after the effective date of such merger or consolidation, the surviving
or resulting corporation shall notify each stockholder of each
constituent corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not
voted in favor of or consented to the merger or consolidation of the date
that the merger or consolidation has become effective; or

     (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to Section 228
or Section 253 of this title, then either a constituent corporation
before the effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving
or resulting corporation within 10 days thereafter shall notify each of
the holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent
corporation who are entitled to appraisal rights of the approval of the
merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for any
or all shares of such class or series of stock of such constituent
corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of this section.
Such notice may, and, if given on or after the effective date of the
merger or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the
effective date of the merger or consolidation.

C-2



Any stockholder entitled
to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing of such
notice, demand in writing from the surviving or resulting corporation the
appraisal of such holders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it
reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and
that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such
holders shares. If such notice did not notify stockholders of the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, either (i) each such
constitutent corporation shall send a second notice before the effective
date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders of any
class or series of stock of such constitutent corporation that are
entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or
consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send
such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such
effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent
more than 20 days following the sending of the first notice, such second
notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal
rights and who has demanded appraisal of such holders shares in
accordance with this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or
assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the corporation that is
required to give either notice that such notice has been given shall, in
the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated
therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to receive
either notice, each constitutent corporation may fix, in advance, a
record date that shall be not more than 10 days prior to the date the
notice is given, provided, that if the notice is given on or after the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be
such effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is given
prior to the effective date, the record date shall be the close of
business on the day next preceding the day on which the notice is given.

     (e)  Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who has complied with
subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal
rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination
of the value of the stock of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to withdraw such
stockholders demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the
merger or consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of
subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to
receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the
aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation
and with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and the
aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written statement shall be
mailed to the stockholder within 10 days after such stockholders written
request for such a statement is received by the surviving or resulting
corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the period for delivery of
demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof, whichever is later.

     (f)  Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy
thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which shall
within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in
Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their
shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be
filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be
accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so
ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or
resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the
addresses therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more
publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of
general circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such
publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the notices

C-3



by mail and
by publication shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be
borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

     (g)  At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled
to appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded
an appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as
to such stockholder.

     (h)  After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court
shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger
or consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair
value, the Court shall take into account all relevant factors. In determining
the fair rate of interest, the Court may consider all relevant factors,
including the rate of interest which the surviving or resulting corporation
would have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the proceeding.
Upon application by the surviving or resulting corporation or by any
stockholder entitled to participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may,
in its discretion, permit discovery or other pretrial proceedings and may
proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the
stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name appears on the
list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant to subsection (f)
of this section and who has submitted such stockholders certificates of stock
to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate fully in all
proceedings until it is finally determined that such stockholder is not
entitled to appraisal rights under this section.

     (i)  The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to
the stockholders entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the
Court may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the
case of holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of
shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Courts decree may be enforced as
other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving
or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

     (j)  The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed upon
the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon application
of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the expenses incurred
by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of
experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to
an appraisal.

     (k)  From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no
stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of
this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive
payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or
other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior
to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that
if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in
subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the
surviving or resulting corporation
a written withdrawal of such stockholders demand for an appraisal and an
acceptance of the merger or consolidation, either within 60 days after the
effective date of the merger or consolidation as provided in subsection (e) of
this section or thereafter with the written approval of the corporation, then
the right of such stockholder to an appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court

C-4



of Chancery shall be dismissed
as to any stockholder without the approval of the Court, and such approval may
be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems just.

     (l)  The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the
shares of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they
assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and
unissued shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

C-5



ANNEX D

STOCKHOLDER SUPPORT AGREEMENT

     THIS STOCKHOLDER SUPPORT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 5, 2003 (this
AGREEMENT), by and between Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (PARENT) and the stockholders of the Company listed on the
signature page hereto (collectively, the Stockholders). Capitalized terms used
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to
them in the Merger Agreement referred to below.

     WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, ProBusiness
Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the COMPANY), Parent and ADP Merger
Corp., a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
(Merger Sub) have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, as it may be
amended from time to time (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Merger Sub will be merged with and
into the Company, and the Company will continue as the surviving corporation
(the Merger); and

     WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of Parent to enter into the
Merger Agreement, Parent has required that the Stockholders agree, and in order
to induce Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Stockholders are
willing, to enter into this Agreement.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
and agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
parties hereby agree, severally and not jointly, as follows:

     Section 1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

          (a) Company Common Stock shall mean the shares of common stock,
par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.

          (b) Company Capital Stock shall mean the shares of capital stock
of the Company, including, without limitation, the Company Common Stock and the
Company Preferred Stock.

          (c) Company Preferred Stock shall mean the shares of 6.9% Senior
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company.

          (d) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

          (e) Expiration Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (i) the
date upon which the Merger Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with
its terms, (ii) the Effective Time or (iii) the date upon which the Merger
Agreement is amended to reduce either the Per Share Amount or the Preferred Per
Share Liquidation Amount, if the Stockholder (or its designee to the board of
directors) in his or its designees capacity as a director of the Company did
not vote in favor of or consent to such amendment.

D-1



          (f) Each Stockholder shall be deemed to Own or to have acquired
Ownership of a security if such Stockholder: (i) is the record owner of such
security; or (ii) is the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act) of such security. Without duplicative counting of the
same securities by the same holder, securities Owned by a holder shall include
securities Owned by all other Persons with whom such Person would constitute a
group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act other than
parties to this Agreement.

          (g) Subject Securities shall mean: (i) the Existing Securities
(as defined in Section 5(a) below); (ii) any shares of Company Capital Stock
distributed prior to the termination of this Agreement in respect of Subject
Securities by reason of a stock dividend, stock-split, recapitalization,
reclassification, combination, merger, exchange of shares or otherwise; and
(iii) all additional securities of Company (including all additional shares of
Company Capital Stock and all additional options, warrants and other rights to
acquire shares of Company Capital Stock) of which the Stockholder acquires
Ownership during the period from the date of this Agreement through the
Expiration Date.

          (h) A Person shall be deemed to have effected a Transfer of a
security if such Person directly or indirectly: (i) sells, tenders, pledges,
encumbers, grants an option with respect to, transfers or disposes of Ownership
of such security or any interest in such security; or (ii) enters into an
agreement or commitment contemplating the possible sale of, tender of, pledge
of, encumbrance of, grant of an option with respect to, transfer of or
disposition of Ownership of such security or any interest therein.

     Section 2. Voting of Shares.

          (a) During the period from the date of this Agreement through the
Expiration Date, each Stockholder covenants and agrees that, at any meeting of
the stockholders of the Company, however called, and regardless of whether such
meeting is a special or annual meeting of stockholders of the Company, or at any
adjournment thereof, or in connection with any action by written consent by the
stockholders of the Company, such Stockholder will vote, or cause to be voted,
all Subject Securities

               (i) in favor of the approval of the Merger and the adoption
of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement; and

               (ii) against any Acquisition Proposal with respect to the
Company.

     Section 3. Grant of Proxy; Revocation of Proxies; Reliance.

          (a) Each Stockholder hereby irrevocably grants to and appoints
James B. Benson and Gary Butler or either of them in their respective capacities
as officers of Parent, with full power of substitution (such individuals and
their substitutes each being referred to herein as the Proxy), as attorneys
and proxies to vote all Subject Securities in favor of the matters referred to
in clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 2 above. Each Stockholder agrees that the
Proxy may, in such Stockholders name and stead, (i) attend any annual or
special meeting of stockholders of the Company (including any and all
adjournments and postponements thereof) and vote all Subject Securities in favor
of the matters referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 2 above at

D-2



any such annual or special meeting (including any and all adjournments and
postponements thereof), and (ii) execute with respect to all Subject Securities
any written consent with respect to matters referred to in clauses (i) and (ii)
of Section 2 above. Each Stockholder agrees that, prior to the Expiration Date,
this grant of proxy pursuant to this Section 3(a) is irrevocable and coupled
with an interest and agrees that the Persons designated as the Proxy pursuant
hereto may at any time name any other person who is an officer of Parent as a
substitute Proxy hereunder to act pursuant hereto, either as to a specific
matter or as to all matters.

          (b) Each Stockholder hereby represents that any proxies heretofore
given in respect of the Subject Securities that are inconsistent with the proxy
granted pursuant to Section 3(a) above are not irrevocable, and that any such
proxies are hereby revoked.

          (c) Each Stockholder understands and acknowledges that Parent and
Merger Sub have entered into the Merger Agreement in reliance upon such
Stockholders execution and delivery of this Agreement.

     Section 4. Transfer of Subject Securities. Each Stockholder hereby agrees
and covenants that, during the period from the date of this Agreement through
the Expiration Date:

          (a) Restriction on Transfers. Except as may otherwise be agreed to
by Parent in writing, such Stockholder shall not Transfer or consent to any
Transfer of Ownership of any or all of the Subject Securities, or any interest
therein if such Transfer would result in such Stockholder no longer having the
power to vote, or cause to be voted, the Subject Securities in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, a Stockholder may Transfer
Subject Securities to any Person so long as such Person shall have (i) executed
a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) agreed to hold such Subject Securities
subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement to the same extent as such
Stockholder. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary:

               (i) a Stockholder may Transfer any of the Subject
Securities that have been pledged pursuant to the forward contracts established
prior to the date of this Agreement set forth in Schedule I;

               (ii) if a Stockholder is also a director of the Company,
such Stockholder may Transfer the Subject Securities in accordance with the
terms of such Stockholders trading plan established for the periodic sale of
Company Common Stock implemented pursuant to the Securities and Exchange
Commission Rule 10b5-1(c) in effect as of the date hereof; and

               (iii) if a Stockholder is also a director of the Company,
such Stockholder may Transfer any of the Subject Securities that have been
pledged by such Stockholder pursuant to the terms of the margin loan accounts
established prior to the date of this Agreement set forth in Schedule I.

          (b) Restrictions on Proxies and Voting Arrangements. Except as
otherwise provided herein, such Stockholder shall not (i) grant any proxy,
power-of-attorney or other authorization in or with respect to the Subject
Securities that is inconsistent with the proxy granted pursuant to Section 3(a)
above or (ii) deposit any of the Subject Securities into a voting

D-3



trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the
Subject Securities that would impair such Stockholders ability to comply with
its obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

          (c) Stop Transfer. Such Stockholder shall not request that the
Company register any Transfer (book-entry or otherwise) of any certificate or
uncertificated interest representing any of the Stockholders Existing
Securities, unless such Transfer is made in compliance with this Agreement.

          (d) Waiver of Appraisal Rights. Each Stockholder hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally waives, and agrees to prevent the exercise of, any rights of
appraisal or rights to dissent in connection with the Merger (or other business
combination pursuant to the Merger Agreement) that such Stockholder may have
with respect to the Subject Securities.

     Section 5. Representations and Warranties of the Stockholders. Each
Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows:

          (a) Ownership of Securities. On the date hereof, such Stockholder
beneficially Owns, or has the sole power to direct the voting of, the Company
Capital Stock set forth next to such Stockholders name on Schedule I hereto
(the Existing Securities). On the date hereof, the Existing Securities
constitute all of the shares of voting capital stock of the Company beneficially
Owned by such Stockholder or as to which such Stockholder has the sole power to
direct the voting of the shares.

          (b) Power; Binding Agreement. Such Stockholder has the power (or,
if applicable, corporate power) and authority to enter into and perform all of
such Stockholders obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, the
power and authority to vote the Subject Securities in accordance with Section 2
hereof and to grant the proxy in accordance with Section 3 hereof. This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by such Stockholder
and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of such Stockholder, enforceable
against the Stockholder in accordance with its terms, except that (A) such
enforcement may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, or
other similar laws, now or hereafter in effect, affecting creditors rights
generally and (B) the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the
discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

          (c) No Conflicts.

               i) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Proxy
by such Stockholder do not, and the performance of this Agreement and the Proxy
by such Stockholder will not: (A) conflict with or violate any law, rule,
regulation, order, decree or judgment applicable to such Stockholder or by which
such Stockholder or any of such Stockholders properties is or may be bound or
affected, or (B) result in or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of
time) any breach of or default under, or give to any other Person (with or
without notice or lapse of time) any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, or result (with or without notice or lapse of
time) in the creation of any encumbrance or restriction on any of the Subject
Securities pursuant to, any Contract to which

D-4



such Stockholder is a party or by which such Stockholder or any of such
Stockholders affiliates or properties is or may be bound or affected.

               (ii) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such
Stockholder does not, and the performance of this Agreement by such Stockholder
shall not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing
with or notification to, any governmental entity except for applicable
requirements, if any, of the Exchange Act, and except where the failure to
obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such
filings or notifications, would not prevent or delay the performance by such
Stockholder of his or its obligations under this Agreement.

          (d) No Encumbrances. Except:

               (i) as established hereby;

               (ii) for Existing Securities subject to a pledge agreement in
effect prior to the date of this Agreement and set forth in Schedule I;

               (iii) for Existing Securities subject to forward purchase
Contracts in effect prior to the date of this Agreement and set forth in
Schedule I; or

               (iv) if a Stockholder is also a director of the Company, for
Existing Securities that have been pledged by such Stockholder pursuant to a
margin loan account prior to the date of this Agreement as set forth on Schedule
I, the Existing Securities are now and, at all times during the term hereof,
will be held by the Stockholder, or by a nominee or custodian for the benefit of
such Stockholder, free and clear of all securities interests, liens, power of
attorney, pledges, options, proxies, voting trusts, agreements, understandings
or arrangements whatsoever, in each case, that could reasonably be expected to
materially hinder or impede such Stockholders ability to perform its
obligations hereunder.

     Section 6. Termination. This Agreement and the covenants, representations,
warranties, and agreements contained herein shall terminate upon the Expiration
Date. Upon any termination of this Agreement, this Agreement shall thereupon
become void and of no further force and effect, and there shall be no liability
in respect of this Agreement or of any transactions contemplated hereby or by
the Merger Agreement on the part of any party hereto or any of its directors,
officers, partners, stockholders, employees, agents, advisors, representatives
or affiliates; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall relieve
any party from any liability for such partys breach of this Agreement prior to
termination.

     Section 7. Election and Waiver. If a Stockholder Owns shares of Company
Preferred Stock, such Stockholder agrees that subject to and effective upon the
Closing, such Stockholder hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (A) elects
under Section 4(d) of the Certificate of Designation for the Company Preferred
Stock (the CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION) to treat the Merger as a deemed
Liquidation (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) pursuant to Section 4
thereof; and (B) waives the right to receive notice of the Merger pursuant to
Section 8(g) and Section 8(h) of the Certificate of Designation.

D-5



     Section 8. Miscellaneous.

          (a) Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given or made (and
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made upon receipt) by delivery in
person, by facsimile (with a confirmatory copy sent by overnight courier), by
overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid,
return receipt requested) to the respective parties at the following addresses
(or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in
accordance with this Section 8(a)):

if to Parent:

Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

One ADP Boulevard

Roseland, NJ 07068-1728

Attention: President, Employer Services Group

Facsimile: (973) 974-3305

with a copy to:

Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

One ADP Boulevard

Roseland, NJ 07068-1728

Attention: General Counsel

Facsimile: (973) 974-3324

with a copy to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019-6064

Attention: Richard S. Borisoff, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 373-3000

Facsimile No.: (212) 757-3990

if to Stockholder, as stated on Schedule I hereto.

          (b) Severability. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law,
or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any
term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually
acceptable manner in order that the Merger be consummated as originally
contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

          (c) Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior agreements

D-6



and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties, or any of them, with
respect to the subject matter hereof.

          (d) Assignment. The provisions of this Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns, provided that, except as provided herein, no party may
assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations
hereunder, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the
parties, without the consent of the other parties hereto.

          (e) Parties in Interest. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing herein,
express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any
right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this
Agreement.

          (f) Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement was
not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be
entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other
remedy at law or equity.

          (g) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware (regardless of
the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of
law) as to all matters, including, but not limited to, matters of validity,
construction, effect, performance and remedies.

          (h) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR
COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF PARENT OR THE COMPANY IN THE
NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT THEREOF.

          (i) Further Assurances. From time to time prior to the
Expiration Date, at the request of Parent, such Stockholder shall execute and
deliver to Parent, or cause the record holder of Subject Securities to execute
and deliver to Parent, such additional letters or instruments to comply with
applicable law and stock exchange rules as Parent may reasonably request in
connection with such Stockholders obligations under this Agreement.

          (j) Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive
headings herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not
intended to be part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.

          (k) Amendment, Modification and Waiver. This Agreement may not
be amended, modified or waived except by an instrument or instruments in writing
signed and delivered on behalf of the party hereto against whom such amendment,
modification or waiver is sought to be entered.

D-7



          (l) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered
(including by facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the
different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed
and delivered shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same agreement.

          (m) No Limitation on Actions of Stockholder as Director.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in the
event that a Stockholder or any of its designees is a director or officer of the
Company, nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to require
such Stockholder (or any of its designees), in such Stockholders (or any such
designees) capacity as a director or officer of the Company, to fail to act in
accordance with such Stockholders (or any such designees) fiduciary duties in
such capacity.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

D-8



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement
to be signed individually or by its respective duly authorized officer as of the
date first written above.

PARENT

By:

Name:

Title:

STOCKHOLDER:

Signature

Name

D-9



SCHEDULE I

STOCKHOLDER

NUMBER OF

NUMBER OF SHARES OF

NUMBER OF EXISTING

SHARES OF

COMPANY

SECURITIES

COMPANY

PREFERRED STOCK

TRANSFERRED

COMMON

OWNED OF RECORD

PURSUANT TO 10B5-1

STOCK OWNED

(EXCLUDING ANY

TRADING PLAN;

OF RECORD

ACCRUED BUT UNPAID

PLEDGED PURSUANT TO

DIVIDENDS PAYABLE IN

MARGIN LOAN OR

SHARES OF PREFERRED

OTHERWISE; AND

STOCK)

SUBJECT TO FORWARD

CONTRACTS

D-10



PROBUSINESS SERVICES, INC.

SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

, 2003

THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The undersigned stockholder of ProBusiness Services, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, hereby acknowledges receipt of the Notice of Special Meeting of
Stockholders and Proxy Statement each dated February , 2003, and hereby
appoints Thomas H. Sinton and Steven E. Klei, and each of them, with full power
of substitution, as Proxy or Proxies, to vote all shares of the Common Stock
and Preferred Stock of the undersigned at the Special Meeting of Stockholders
of ProBusiness Services, Inc. to be held on , 2003, and at any adjournments
thereof, upon the proposals set forth on this form of proxy and described in
the Proxy Statement, and in their discretion with respect to such other matters
as may be properly brought before the meeting or any adjournments thereof.

See reverse for voting instructions.



COMPANY #

CONTROL #

There are three ways to vote your Proxy.

Your telephone or Internet vote authorizes the Named Proxies to vote your
shares in the same manner as if you marked, signed and returned your proxy
card.

VOTE BY PHONE  TOLL FREE  1-800-240-6326  QUICK *** EASY *** IMMEDIATE



Use any touch-tone telephone to vote your proxy 24 hours a day, 7 days
a week, until 12:00 p.m. (ET) on , 2003.



You will be prompted to enter your 3-digit Company Number and your
7-digit Control Number which are located above.



Follow the simple instructions the voice provides you.

VOTE BY INTERNET  http://www.eproxy.com/prbz/  QUICK *** EASY *** IMMEDIATE



Use the Internet to vote your proxy 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, until 12:00 p.m. (CT) on , 2003.



You will be prompted to enter your 3-digit Company Number and your 7-digit Control Number which are located above to obtain
your records and create an electronic ballot.

VOTE BY MAIL

Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope
weve provided or return it to ProBusiness Services, Inc., c/o Shareowner
Services
SM
, P.O. Box 64945, St. Paul, MN 55164-0945.

If you vote by Phone or Internet, please do not mail your Proxy Card.

Please detach here

The Board of Directors Recommends a Vote FOR Item 1.

1. To approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of     Merger, dated as of January 5,
2003, among Automatic     Data Processing, Inc. (ADP), a Delaware corporation,     ADP
Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation and an     indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
ADP, and     ProBusiness Services, Inc. and approve the merger

o
  For    
o
  Against    
o
  Abstain

THIS PROXY WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED OR, IF NO DIRECTION
IS GIVEN, WILL BE VOTED FOR THE PROPOSAL LISTED ABOVE. THE NAMED PROXIES OR
THEIR SUBSTITUTES MAY VOTE THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS PROXY FOR OR AGAINST
SUCH OTHER MATTERS AS MAY PROPERLY COME BEFORE THE ANNUAL MEETING, OR ANY
ADJOURNMENT THEREOF, IN THEIR DISCRETION.

Address Change? Mark Box   
o
   Indicate changes below:

     Date_______________________

Signature(s) in Box

Please sign exactly as your name(s) appears on the Proxy.

If held in joint tenancy, all persons must sign. Trustees,
administrators, etc., should include title and authority.
Corporations should provide the full name of the
corporation and the title of the authorized officer signing
the proxy.

GRAPHIC

f87168prf87168z0000.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 f87168prf87168z0000.gif
M1TE&.#EA\``;`*('`/___\S,S)F9F69FF69F9C,S,P```/___R'Y!`$```<`
M+`````#P`!L```/_>+K<72;*:0H1P.G-^Z.@1`1>:7H!6)QLZ[X*$)#PD8;X
M4.\+[A,9'D\`(@B/2(Z@("``841?R)ADW:2JZFL`TFF_O(#%V81QL2`!V'-&
M4]3K$H1"B]M-E[P8-G=+5G<.!'X45($:(4&'BPTC3@4`@"XA`C,!@R&,"WTB
MEDLADIH*EJ2BIDTC3*$G5Q-U!VVN`0.TM20``P6Z(PP`3;K`%XH-`"&O!YP1
M*[.UM1K-S@T"N<`6`Z_,T*/0U]O5O!R^!-4%W1VSX\$#&`X!O]^5"T[N!<
?
MHI'<4(&9!4E-+PMV&D#6$5120@9>X61PJ6G$1EUL$-H$\`!3*:&DQHQ1$P>)
MLV^2&.M5
98%LT7JN!N'@ISO
M8*3^H5FAELD,D*5-US6:&9S$IERS%,QYL*EGX[$+'=@)Z4/&`]`UU!S&8LEO
M
=1/H,`5Y]DW@D0OF
MG:?+,6H!-AM#WBFHP60*K/?#:G'U5Z`"`XG6(4?=!=A%0?4$EUT$.FC&WWQ,
M(,A!.@[*I%0=7^U5Q(4.35$+7@!-9D]--,"U8&H2!%$3?T]%B(4.3M:'9!

MN)U[#Z@-L49"GAL.C!@@??3E;
*3'8R#)0?0
93VU!X='Y5OA[9QN@JX="1/M+MP$^C0LG-37X,HV_`(*
>EV*00T7OY(CG6V27U.5Z[@ZWKI$OU(`2L@<)```[
`
end

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----