URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/883241/000095013003000341/0000950130-03-000341.txt

	FILM NUMBER:		03521904

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 W PLUMERIA AVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089191910

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 W PLUMERIA AVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYNOPSYS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000883241
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				561546236
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1028

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 E MIDDLEFIELD RD
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043-4033
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6509625000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 E MIDDLEFIELD RD
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043-4033

SC TO-T

dsctot.htm

TENDER OFFER STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 14(D)(1)

Tender Offer Statement under Section 14(d)(1)

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

SCHEDULE TO 

(Rule 14d-100) 

Tender Offer Statement under Section 14(d)(1) or 13(e)(1) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

(Name of Subject Company (Issuer)) 

NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

and 

SYNOPSYS, INC. 

(Names of Filing Persons (Offerors)) 

Common Stock,
$0.0001 per Share Par Value 

(Title of Class of Securities) 

67053T101 

(CUSIP Number of Class of Securities) 

Steven K. Shevick 

Synopsys, Inc. 

700 East Middlefield Road 

Mountain View, California 94043 

(650) 584-5000 

Copy to:

Victor I. Lewkow, Esq. 

Doron Lipshitz, Esq.

Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton 

One Liberty Plaza

New York, NY 10006 

(212) 225-2000 

(Name, Address and Telephone Numbers of Person 

Authorized to Receive Notices and
Communications on Behalf of Filing Persons) 

Calculation of Filing Fee 

Transaction valuation*

Amount of filing fee**

$261,631,510

$24,070.10

*

For purposes of calculating the filing fee pursuant to Rule 0-11(d) only, the transaction valuation was calculated on the basis of (a) 37,375,930, the estimated
number of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Numerical Technologies, Inc. (the Shares) to be acquired in this tender offer and the merger (representing (i) 33,712,870 Shares outstanding, (ii) 3,389,757 Shares
issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options having an exercise price of less than or equal to $7.00, and (iii) 273,303 Shares issuable upon the exchange of the outstanding exchangeable shares of Numerical Technologies Canada Inc.) and (b) the
tender offer price of $7.00 per Share. 

**

The filing fee, calculated in accordance with Rule 0-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Fee Rate Advisory No. 8 issued by the Securities and Exchange
Commission on January 10, 2003, is $92 per $1 million of the aggregate transaction valuation. 

 
    Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-11 (a) (2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was
previously paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. 

Amount Previously Paid:     None

Filing Parties:    Not applicable

Form or Registration No.:    Not applicable

Date Filed:        Not applicable

 
    Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications made before the commencement of a tender offer. 

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the statement relates: 

x
    third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1. 

 
    issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.

 
    going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3. 

 
    amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2. 

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results of the tender offer:  
 

This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this 
Schedule TO
)
relates to the offer by Neon Acquisition Corporation (
Purchaser
), a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Synopsys
), to purchase all the outstanding shares
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the 
Common Stock
 or the 
Shares
), of Numerical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company
), at a purchase price of $7.00 per Share,
net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon and less any required withholding taxes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003 (the 
Offer to Purchase
), and in
the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the 
Offer
), which are annexed to and filed with this Schedule TO as Exhibits (a)(1)(A) and (a)(1)(B),
respectively. This Schedule TO is being filed on behalf of Purchaser and Synopsys. 

All information set forth in
the Offer to Purchase filed as Exhibit (a)(1)(A) to this Schedule TO is incorporated by reference in answer to Items 1 through 11 in this Schedule TO, except those items as to which information is specifically provided herein. The Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of January 12, 2003, among Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (d)(1) hereto, and the Stockholder Tender Agreement, dated January 12, 2003, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (d)(2)
hereto, are incorporated herein by reference with respect to Items 5 through 11 of this Schedule TO. 

Item
10.    Financial Statements. 

Not applicable. 

Item 12.    Exhibits. 

(a)(1)(A)

Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003

(a)(1)(B)

Form of Letter of Transmittal

(a)(1)(C)

Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery

(a)(1)(D)

Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees

(a)(1)(E)

Form of Letter to Clients for Use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees

(a)(1)(F)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9

(a)(1)(G)

Text of joint press release issued by Synopsys and the Company, dated January 13, 2003

(a)(1)(H)

Text of press release issued by Synopsys, dated January 23, 2003

(a)(1)(I)

Form of summary advertisement, published January 23, 2003

(b)

Not applicable

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 12, 2003, among Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company

(d)(2)

Stockholder Tender Agreement, dated January 12, 2003, between Synopsys and certain stockholders of the Company

(d)(3)

Confidentiality Agreement, dated December 6, 2002, between Synopsys and the Company

(g)

Not applicable

(h)

Not applicable

Item 13.    Information Required by Schedule 13E-3.

Not applicable. 

SIGNATURE 

After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct. 

SYNOPSYS, INC.

By:

/
S
/    S
TEVEN
 K. S
HEVICK

Name:  Steven K. Shevick

Title:    Senior Vice President, Finance

NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By:

/s/    S
TEVEN
 K. S
HEVICK

Name:  Steven K. Shevick

Title:    President

Dated: January 23, 2003 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No.

Document

(a)(1)(A)

Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003

(a)(1)(B)

Form of Letter of Transmittal

(a)(1)(C)

Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery

(a)(1)(D)

Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees

(a)(1)(E)

Form of Letter to Clients for Use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees

(a)(1)(F)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9

(a)(1)(G)

Text of joint press release issued by Synopsys and the Company, dated January 13, 2003

(a)(1)(H)

Text of press release issued by Synopsys, dated January 23, 2003

(a)(1)(I)

Form of summary advertisement, published January 23, 2003

(b)

Not applicable

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 12, 2003, among Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company

(d)(2)

Stockholder Tender Agreement, dated January 12, 2003, between Synopsys and certain stockholders of the Company

(d)(3)

Confidentiality Agreement, dated December 6, 2002, between Synopsys and the Company

(g)

Not applicable

(h)

Not applicable

EX-99.(A)(1)(A)

dex99a1a.htm

OFFER TO PURCHASE

Offer to Purchase

Exhibit (a)(1)(A) 

Offer to Purchase for Cash 

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 

of 

NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

at 

$7.00 Net Per Share 

by 

NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

a wholly owned subsidiary of 

SYNOPSYS, INC. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20,
2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

The Offer is being made in connection with the Merger Agreement, dated as
of January 12, 2003, among Synopsys, Inc., Neon Acquisition Corporation and Numerical Technologies, Inc. 

The
Board of Directors of Numerical Technologies, Inc. has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger (each as defined herein), determined that the Offer and the Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of,
the holders of shares and unanimously recommends that stockholders accept the Offer and tender their shares pursuant to the Offer and approve the Merger Agreement. 

A summary of the principal terms of the Offer appears on pages (i) through (iv). You should read this entire document carefully before deciding whether to tender your
shares. 

The Information Agent
for the Offer is: 

D. F. King & Co., Inc. 

77 Water Street

New York, NY 10005

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550

All Others Call Toll-Free:
(800) 628-8532 

January 23, 2003 

IMPORTANT 

Any stockholder of Numerical Technologies who desires to tender all or any portion of such stockholders shares of Numerical Technologies common stock to Purchaser pursuant to the Offer should either (a) complete and
sign the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer, which is enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, in accordance with the instructions contained in the Letter of Transmittal (having such stockholders signature on the Letter of Transmittal guaranteed
if required by Instruction 1 to the Letter of Transmittal), mail or deliver the Letter of Transmittal (or a manually executed facsimile thereof) and any other required documents to the 
Depositary
 for the Offer, Computershare Trust
Company of New York, and either deliver the certificates for such shares to the Depositary along with the Letter of Transmittal (or a manually executed facsimile thereof) or tender such shares by book-entry transfer by following the procedures
described in Section 3
Procedures for Tendering Shares
 of this Offer to Purchase, in each case prior to the Expiration Date (as defined herein) of the Offer, or (b) request such stockholders broker, dealer, commercial
bank, trust company or other nominee to effect the transaction for such stockholder. Any stockholder of Numerical Technologies with shares of Numerical Technologies common stock registered in the name of a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust
company or other nominee must contact that institution in order to tender such shares to Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. 

Any stockholder of Numerical Technologies who desires to tender shares of Numerical Technologies common stock to Purchaser pursuant to the Offer and whose certificates representing such shares are not immediately available, or who
cannot comply in a timely manner with the procedures for tendering shares by book-entry transfer, or who cannot deliver all required documents to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, may tender such shares to Purchaser pursuant
to the Offer by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery described in Section 3
Procedures for Tendering Shares
 of this Offer to Purchase. 

 

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

i

INTRODUCTION

THE TENDER OFFER

  1.

Terms of the Offer

  2.

Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares

  3.

Procedure for Tendering Shares

  4.

Withdrawal Rights

  5.

Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer

  6.

Price Range of Shares; Dividends

  7.

Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Nasdaq Listing; Exchange Act Registration and Margin
Regulations

  8.

Certain Information Concerning the Company

  9.

Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and Synopsys

10.

Background of the Offer; Contacts with the Company

11.

Purpose of the Offer and Plans for the Company; the Merger Agreement and Related Agreements

12.

Source and Amount of Funds

13.

Certain Conditions of the Offer

14.

Dividends and Distributions

15.

Certain Legal Matters

16.

Fees and Expenses

17.

Miscellaneous

SCHEDULE AINFORMATION CONCERNING MEMBERS OF THE BOARDS OF DIRECTORS AND THE EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
OF SYNOPSYS AND PURCHASER

A-1

SUMMARY TERM SHEET 

Neon Acquisition Corporation is offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Numerical Technologies, Inc. for $7.00 per share in cash. The
following are some of the questions you, as a stockholder of Numerical Technologies, may have and answers to those questions. We urge you to read the remainder of this offer to purchase and the related letter of transmittal carefully because the
information in this summary is not complete and additional important information is contained in the remainder of this offer to purchase and the letter of transmittal. 

Who is offering to buy my shares? 

Neon Acquisition
Corporation is a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of making this offer. Neon Acquisition is a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation. See Section 9 of this offer to purchase
Certain Information
Concerning Purchaser and Synopsys.

What shares are being sought in the offer? 

We are offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Numerical Technologies, Inc. See

INTRODUCTION
 and Section 1 of this offer to purchase
Terms of the Offer.

How much are you
offering to pay, what is the form of payment and will I have to pay any fees or commissions? 

We are offering
to pay $7.00 per share, net to you, in cash. If you are the record owner of your shares and you tender your shares to us in the offer, you will not have to pay brokerage fees or similar expenses. If you own your shares through a broker or other
nominee, and your broker tenders your shares on your behalf, your broker or nominee may charge you a fee for doing so. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine whether any charges will apply. See 
INTRODUCTION 
and
Section 1 of this offer to purchase
Terms of the Offer.

How will U.S. taxpayers be taxed for U.S. federal
income tax purposes? 

If you are a U.S. taxpayer, your receipt of cash for shares in the offer will be a
taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. You will generally recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between (a) the cash you receive in the offer and (b) your adjusted tax basis in the shares you sell in the
offer. That gain or loss will be a capital gain or loss if the shares are a capital asset in your hands, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the shares have been held for more than one year at the time the offer is completed. You are urged
to consult your own tax advisor as to the particular tax consequences of the offer to you. See Section 5 of this offer to purchase
Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer.

Do you have the financial resources to make payment? 

Yes. Synopsys, the parent of Neon Acquisition, will provide Neon Acquisition with sufficient funds to pay for all shares validly tendered and not withdrawn in the offer or to be acquired in the merger,
which is expected to follow the successful completion of the offer. Synopsys currently has the needed funds in the form of cash or cash equivalents. The offer is not conditioned upon any financing arrangements. See Section 12 of this offer to
purchase
Source and Amount of Funds.

Is your financial condition relevant to my decision to tender my shares
in the offer? 

We do not think our financial condition is relevant to your decision whether to tender shares
and accept the offer because: 



the offer is being made for all outstanding shares solely for cash, 



the offer is not subject to any financing condition, 



if we consummate the offer, we will acquire all remaining shares for the same cash price in the merger, and 



Synopsys currently has sufficient cash or cash equivalents to purchase all outstanding shares. 

i 

How long do I have to decide whether to tender in the offer? 

You will have at least until 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Thursday, February 20, 2003 to decide whether to tender your shares in
the offer, unless we extend the offer. See Section 1 of this offer to purchase
Terms of the Offer.

Can the
offer be extended and under what circumstances? 

Yes. We have the right to extend the offer for periods of not
more than twenty business days per extension if at the time the offer is scheduled to expire, including following a prior extension, any of the offer conditions are not satisfied or waived by us. We have agreed with Numerical Technologies that we
will so extend the offer unless: (a) the condition relating to the minimum number of shares we are seeking in the offer is the only condition that is not satisfied; (b) a court or other governmental entity takes action that would, or is reasonably
likely to, prohibit the contemplated transactions, materially limit our rights in shares we acquire in the offer or materially affect our operations; (c) Numerical Technologies suffers a material adverse effect; or (d) the condition relating to
Numerical Technologies compliance with certain of its representations and obligations under the merger agreement is not satisfied and any applicable cure periods have expired. In any event, we have agreed not to extend the offer beyond August
31, 2003, without Numerical Technologies consent, and we are not obligated to extend the offer beyond that date. See Section 1 of this offer to purchase
Terms of the Offer.

We may also elect, and we reserve the right to provide, a subsequent offering period for the offer. A subsequent offering
period, if one is provided, will be an additional period of time beginning after we have purchased shares tendered during the offer, during which stockholders may tender, but not withdraw, their shares and receive the offer consideration. See
Section 1 of this offer to purchase
Terms of the Offer.

How will I be notified if the offer is extended?

If we extend the offer, we will inform Computershare Trust Company of New York, the depositary for the offer,
of that fact and will make a public announcement of the extension, by not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the business day following the day on which the offer was scheduled to expire. See Section 1 of this offer to
purchase
Terms of the Offer.

What are the most significant conditions to the offer? 

We are not obligated to purchase any tendered shares if: 



The number of shares validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the offer, together with the number of shares, if any, then owned
beneficially by us, does not equal at least a majority of the outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis. 



The applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, or any similar national antitrust or competition laws
or foreign investment regulations have not expired or been terminated. 



There occur any changes, conditions, events or developments, which alone or together, have or would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on
Numerical Technologies. 

The offer is also subject to a number of other conditions. See Section
13 of this offer to purchase
Certain Conditions of the Offer.

ii 

How do I tender my shares? 

To tender shares, you must deliver the certificates representing your shares, together with a completed letter of transmittal and any other documents required, to the
depositary not later than the time the offer expires. If your shares are held in street name, the shares can only be tendered by your nominee through The Depository Trust Company. If you cannot deliver something that is required to the depositary by
the expiration of the offer, you may get a little extra time to do so by having a broker, a bank or other fiduciary, which is a member in good standing of the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or other institution that would be eligible
according to the offer, guarantee that the missing items will be received by the depositary within three Nasdaq National Market trading days. However, the depositary must receive the missing items within that three trading day period. See Section 3
of this offer to purchase
Procedure for Tendering Shares.

Until what time can I withdraw previously tendered
shares? 

You can withdraw shares that you previously tendered at any time until the offer has expired and, if
we have not accepted your shares for payment by March 23, 2003, you can withdraw them at any time after such time until we accept shares for payment. If we decide to provide a subsequent offering period, we will accept shares tendered during that
period immediately upon tender and thus you will not be able to withdraw shares tendered in the offer during any subsequent offering period. See Sections 1 and 4 of this offer to purchase
Terms of the Offer
 and

Withdrawal Rights.

How do I withdraw previously tendered shares? 

To withdraw shares that you previously tendered, you must deliver a written notice of withdrawal, or a facsimile of one, with the required
information to the depositary while you still have the right to withdraw the shares. See Sections 1 and 4 of this offer to purchase
Terms of the Offer
 and 
Withdrawal Rights.

What does the Numerical Technologies Board of Directors think of the offer? 

We are making the offer pursuant to a merger agreement with Numerical Technologies. Numerical Technologies Board of Directors unanimously approved the merger
agreement, our offer and our proposed merger with Numerical Technologies. Numerical Technologies Board of Directors has determined that the offer and the merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, Numerical
Technologies stockholders, and it unanimously recommends that stockholders accept this offer and tender their shares pursuant to the offer and approve the merger agreement. See Section 10 of this offer to purchase
Background of
the Offer; Contacts with the Company. 
Numerical Technologies has prepared a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 containing additional information regarding Numerical Technologies Board of Directors
determination and recommendation, which is being sent to stockholders together with this offer to purchase and which we urge you to read. 

Have any stockholders agreed to tender their shares? 

Yes. The directors and
executive officers of Numerical Technologies and certain of their spouses, who collectively owned as of January 21, 2003, approximately 19 percent of the outstanding shares (16 percent on a fully diluted basis and 20 percent on a fully diluted
basis, including options owned by these stockholders), have agreed to tender in the offer, and not withdraw, all shares they owned at the time of tender. See Section 11 of this offer to purchase
Purpose of the Offer and Plans for the
Company; the Merger Agreement and Related Agreements
The Stockholder Agreement. 

iii 

Will the offer be followed by a merger if all the shares are not tendered in the offer?

Yes. If following the offer we own shares representing at least a majority of the shares outstanding on a
fully diluted basis, Neon Acquisition will be merged with Numerical Technologies. If the merger takes place, Synopsys, through its affiliates, will own all of the shares of Numerical Technologies and all stockholders of Numerical Technologies who
did not tender their shares in the offer will receive in the merger the same price paid in the offer, that is, $7.00 per share in cash or any other higher price per share which is paid in the offer. See 
INTRODUCTION 
and Section 11
of this offer to purchase

Purpose of the Offer and Plans for the Company; the Merger Agreement and Related Agreements
The Merger Agreement. 
There are no appraisal rights available in
connection with the offer. However, if the merger takes place, stockholders who have not sold their shares in the offer will have appraisal rights under Delaware law. See Section 15 of this offer to purchase
Certain Legal
Matters

Appraisal Rights.

If I decide not to tender, how will the offer affect my shares?

If the merger takes place, stockholders who do not tender their shares in the offer will receive in the
merger the same amount of cash per share which they would have received had they tendered their shares in the offer. Therefore, if the merger takes place, the only difference to you between tendering shares and not tendering shares in the offer is
that you will be paid earlier if you tender your shares. However, until the merger is consummated or if after we accepted shares for payment the merger were not to take place for some reason, the number of stockholders of Numerical Technologies and
the shares of Numerical Technologies which are still in the hands of the public may be so small that there will no longer be an active public trading market, or, possibly, any public trading market, for the shares. Also, the shares may no longer be
eligible to be traded on the Nasdaq National Market or any securities exchange and Numerical Technologies may cease making filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise cease being required to comply with the Commissions
rules relating to publicly held companies. See Sections 7 and 11 of this offer to purchase
Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Nasdaq Listing; Exchange Act Registration and Margin Regulations
 and

Purpose of the Offer and Plans for the Company; the Merger Agreement and Related Agreements
The Merger Agreement. 

What is the market value of my shares as of a recent date? 

On January 10, 2003, the last
trading day before Synopsys and Numerical Technologies announced that they had signed the merger agreement, the closing price of the shares reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $3.70 per share. On January 22, 2003, the last trading day before
Neon Acquisition commenced the offer, the closing price of the shares was $6.78 per share. We advise you to obtain a recent quotation for shares of Numerical Technologies in deciding whether to tender your shares. See Section 6 of this offer to
purchase
Price Range of Shares; Dividends.

What will happen to Numerical Technologies Canada Inc.s
exchangeable shares? 

Holders of Numerical Technologies Canadas exchangeable shares may exchange their
shares for shares of Numerical Technologies common stock, subject to any applicable withholding for taxes, and, if such shares are exchanged or otherwise acquired by Numerical Technologies or its affiliates in exchange for shares of Numerical
Technologies prior to completion of the offer, tender their shares of Numerical Technologies in the offer. All shares that are not exchanged will be redeemed or acquired by an affiliate of Numerical Technologies before the merger takes place in
exchange for shares of Numerical Technologies common stock, subject to any applicable withholding for taxes, and holders of these shares of Numerical Technologies common stock will receive in the merger the same price paid in the offer, that is,
$7.00 per share in cash or any other higher price per share which is paid in the offer. 

Who can I talk to if I have questions about
the tender offer? 

You can call D. F. King & Co., Inc., the information agent for the offer, at (800)
628-8532 toll-free. See the back cover page of this offer to purchase. 

iv 

To All Holders of Shares of Common Stock 

of Numerical Technologies, Inc.: 

INTRODUCTION 

Neon Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (
Purchaser
) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (
Synopsys
), hereby offers to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the 
Shares
), of Numerical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the

Company
), at $7.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash (the 
Offer Price
), without interest thereon and less any required withholding taxes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer
to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the 
Offer
). 

Tendering stockholders whose Shares are registered in their own names and who tender directly to the Depositary (as defined below) will not be obligated to pay brokerage
fees or commissions or, subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by Purchaser. Stockholders who hold their Shares through brokers or banks should check with these institutions as to whether they
will charge any service fees in connection with the tender of Shares into the Offer. However, if you do not complete and sign the Substitute Form W-9 that is included in the Letter of Transmittal, or a Form W-8BEN or other Form W-8, as
applicable, you may be subject to a required federal backup withholding tax of 30 percent on the gross proceeds payable to you. See Section 5. Purchaser will pay all charges and expenses of Computershare Trust Company of New York (the

Depositary
) and D. F. King & Co., Inc. (the 
Information Agent
). 

The
Offer will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Thursday, February 20, 2003, unless extended. See Sections 1, 13 and 15. 

The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the 
Merger Agreement
), dated as of January 12, 2003, among Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company, pursuant to which, after the completion
of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company and the Company will be the surviving corporation (the 
Merger
). On the effective date of the Merger, each
outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Synopsys or the Company or any wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys or the Company or held by stockholders who properly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) will by virtue of the Merger, and
without action by the holder thereof, be canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the Offer Price (the 
Merger Consideration
) upon surrender of the certificate formerly
representing such Share. The Merger Agreement is more fully described in Section 11. Section 5 below describes the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences to the sale of Shares in the Offer and the Merger. 

The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger, determined that the
Offer and the Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, the holders of Shares and unanimously recommends that stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer and approve the Merger Agreement.

Credit Suisse First Boston, the Companys financial advisor (
CSFB
), has delivered to
the Board of Directors of the Company a written opinion, dated January 12, 2003, to the effect that as of such date, the consideration to be received by the holders of Shares in the Offer and the Merger is fair from a financial point of view to the
holders of Shares (other than Synopsys and its affiliates). The full text of CSFBs written opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken by CSFB, is contained in the Companys
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (the 
Schedule 14D-9
) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
Commission
) in connection with the Offer, a copy of which (without certain
exhibits) is being furnished to stockholders concurrently herewith. 

The Offer is subject to the conditions, among others, that (a) prior to the
expiration of the Offer there have been validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn that number of Shares which, together with the number of Shares, if any, then beneficially owned by Synopsys or Purchaser, represents at least a
majority of the total number of outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis (which shall mean, as of any time, the number of Shares outstanding, together with all Shares which the Company may be required to issue pursuant to any then outstanding
warrants, options, benefit plans or obligations or otherwise, whether or not vested or then exercisable) on the date Shares are accepted for payment (the Minimum Tender Condition), and (b) any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act), applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or to the Merger or any similar national antitrust or competition laws or foreign investment regulations having
expired or been terminated. The Offer is also subject to certain other terms and conditions. See Section 13. 

The Company has informed Purchaser that, as of January 21, 2003, there were 33,712,870 Shares issued and outstanding and 6,728,103 Shares were reserved for issuance upon exercise of options to purchase Shares and upon exchange of the
exchangeable shares of Numerical Technologies Canada Inc., which are exchangeable for Shares on a one-to-one basis (
Exchangeable Shares
). Based on the foregoing, and assuming no additional Shares (or warrants or options
exercisable for, or other obligations to issue, Shares) have been issued (other than Shares issued pursuant to the existing options and the Exchangeable Shares), or are issued prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1), Purchaser
believes there are approximately 40,440,973 Shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Synopsys owns 40,562 Exchangeable Shares. Accordingly, Purchaser believes that the Minimum Tender Condition would be satisfied if at least approximately
20,220,487 Shares are validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1) and not properly withdrawn. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Synopsys entered into a Stockholder Tender Agreement, dated as of January 12, 2003 (the 
Stockholder Agreement
), with each of the following directors and
executive officers of the Company and certain of their spouses: William H. Davidow (Vice-Chairman and Director), Abbas El Gamal (Director), Narendra K. Gupta (Director, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer), Harvey Jones (Director), Thomas
Kailath (Director), Richard Mora (Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer), Yagyensh C. (Buno) Pati (Chairman of the Board and Director), Atul Sharan (Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing) and Yao-Ting Wang (Chief
Technology Officer and Director) (each, a 
Supporting Stockholder
 and collectively, the 
Supporting Stockholders
). According to representations made by the Supporting Stockholders in the Stockholder Agreement and
information provided to Purchaser by the Company as of January 21, 2003, the Supporting Stockholders owned and had voting power with respect to an aggregate of 6,341,921 Shares, representing approximately 19 percent of the outstanding Shares (16
percent on a fully diluted basis). The Company has informed us that the Supporting Stockholders also have the right to acquire 1,807,700 Shares issuable upon the exercise of options representing approximately 4 percent of the Shares on a fully
diluted basis and, therefore, the Supporting Stockholders beneficially own approximately 20 percent of the Shares on a fully diluted basis.
 Pursuant to the Stockholder Agreement, the Supporting Stockholders have agreed, among other things, to tender in the Offer, and not withdraw, all Shares that are owned by such Supporting Stockholders at the time
of tender (including any shares they acquire prior to the expiration of the Offer, including pursuant to their exercise of any options) upon the terms and conditions specified therein, and certain of such Supporting Stockholders have agreed to
certain non-competition and related covenants that become effective on the purchase of Shares in the Offer. The Stockholder Agreement is more fully described in Section 11. To the extent that certain of the Shares, including certain Shares held
by the Supporting Stockholders, are subject to transfer restrictions (
Restricted Shares
) under the Companys stock option plans and the agreements related thereto (collectively, the 
Company Option
Agreements
) that might otherwise prevent such Restricted Shares from being tendered into the Offer, the Company will waive, unless prohibited by applicable law, all such restrictions for the limited purpose of allowing the holders of such
Restricted Shares, including the Supporting Stockholders, to tender their Restricted Shares into the Offer in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the Offer. Any cash paid in the Offer for any such tendered Restricted Shares will be subject
to the same terms and conditions as currently apply to such tendered Restricted Shares under the

respective Company Option Agreements, including but not limited to, the deposit of the cash paid in the Offer into an escrow account, with each holders right to receive such cash vesting on
the same terms as currently provided for under the Company Option Agreements. 

Consummation of the Merger is
conditioned upon, among other things, the approval of the Merger Agreement by the requisite vote of stockholders of the Company, as required by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the 
DGCL
). Under the DGCL, the affirmative vote
of a majority of the outstanding Shares is the only vote of any class or series of the Companys capital stock that would be necessary to approve the Merger Agreement and the Merger at any required meeting of the Companys stockholders.

If following the

purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, Purchaser and its affiliates own more than a majority of the outstanding Shares, Purchaser will be able to effect the Merger without the affirmative vote of any other
stockholder.

The DGCL provides that if a corporation owns at least 90 percent of the outstanding shares of
each class of a subsidiary corporation, the corporation holding such stock may merge such subsidiary into itself, or itself into such subsidiary, without any action or vote on the part of the board of directors or the stockholders of such other
corporation (a 
short-form merger
). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, in the event that following completion of the Offer, Purchaser owns at least 90 percent of the then outstanding Shares, Synopsys has agreed to effect a
short-form merger of Purchaser into the Company if permitted to do so under the DGCL. See Section 15. 

No
appraisal rights are available in connection with the Offer; however, under the DGCL, stockholders continuing to own their Shares at the time of the Merger will have appraisal rights in connection with the Merger. See Section 15. 

This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal contain important information that should be read carefully and
in their entirety before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. 

THE TENDER OFFER 

1.    Terms of the Offer 

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any extension or amendment), Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date
in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 3. The term 
Expiration Date
 means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Thursday, February 20, 2003, unless Purchaser, in its sole discretion or if required by the Merger
Agreement, has extended the initial period of time during which the Offer is open, in which event the term 
Expiration Date
 shall mean the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by Purchaser, shall expire. If
Purchaser decides, in its sole discretion, to increase the consideration offered in the Offer to holders of Shares and if, at the time that notice of such change is first published, sent or given to holders of Shares in the manner specified below,
the Offer is scheduled to expire at any time earlier than the expiration of a period ending on the tenth business day from, and including, the date that such notice is first so published, sent or given, then the Offer will be extended until the
expiration of such period of ten business days. For purposes of the Offer, a 
business day
 means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a federal holiday and consists of the time period from 12:01 a.m. through 12:00 midnight, New
York City time. 

The Offer is conditioned upon the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions described in
Section 13 and may be terminated by Purchaser if certain events described in Section 13 occur. 

Purchaser
reserves the right (but is not obligated), in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, in its sole discretion to waive any condition to the Offer (other than the Minimum Tender Condition, which may only be waived with the
consent of the Company). If the Minimum Tender Condition or any other condition set forth in Section 13 has not been satisfied by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Thursday, February 20, 2003 (or any other time then set as the Expiration Date),
Purchaser may elect, subject to the requirements and restrictions in the Merger Agreement described below and any applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, to (a) extend the Offer and, subject to applicable withdrawal rights, retain all
tendered Shares until the expiration of the Offer, as extended, (b) waive all unsatisfied conditions and accept for payment all tendered Shares and not extend the Offer, (c) terminate the Offer and not accept for payment any Shares and return all
tendered Shares to tendering stockholders or (d) amend the Offer. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser has
agreed that if all conditions to the Offer have been satisfied or waived as of the scheduled expiration of the Offer, Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as soon as
practicable after such scheduled expiration. Purchaser has agreed to extend the Offer for one or more periods of up to 20 business days per extension if at the Expiration Date, all of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied or waived;
provided, that Purchaser may, but is not obligated to, extend the Offer, if, at the Expiration Date: (a) the Minimum Tender Condition is not satisfied but all other conditions set forth in Section 13 are satisfied, (b) the condition relating to any
action taken by a court or other governmental entity which would, or is reasonably likely to, prohibit the transactions contemplated by the Offer or the Merger Agreement, materially limit Synopsys and Purchasers rights in the Shares
purchased in the Offer, require Synopsys or Purchaser to divest Shares or require Synopsys to divest assets that are material to its operations or to take certain actions that would materially affect its operations is not satisfied, (c) the Company
has suffered a material adverse effect, or (d) the condition relating to the Companys compliance with certain of the Companys representations and obligations under the Merger Agreement is not satisfied and the cure period, if applicable,
has expired. Purchaser may, without the consent of the Company, extend the Offer for any period required by any regulation or requirement of the Commission applicable to the Offer or elect to provide a subsequent offering period for the Offer in
accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
Exchange Act
). In addition, the Offer Price may be increased and the Offer may be extended to the extent required by law in connection with
such increase, in each case without the consent of the Company. In any event, Purchaser has agreed not to extend the

Offer beyond August 31, 2003 without the Companys consent and Purchasers obligation to extend the Offer described above does not extend beyond that date. 

Subject to the limitations set forth in the Offer and the Merger Agreement described above, Purchaser expressly reserves the right (but is
not obligated), at any time or from time to time in its sole discretion, to extend the period during which the Offer is open and thereby delay acceptance for payment of, and the payment for, any Shares, by giving oral or written notice of such
extension to the Depositary. There can be no assurance that Purchaser will exercise its right to extend the Offer unless required to do so as described above. During any extension of the initial offering period (as opposed to a subsequent offering
period discussed below), all Shares previously tendered and not withdrawn will remain subject to the Offer and subject to withdrawal rights. See Section 4. 

Purchaser expressly reserves the right (but is not obligated), at any time or from time to time in its sole discretion, to modify or amend the terms and conditions of the Offer in any respect. However,
pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser has agreed that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, (a) decrease or change the form of consideration payable in the Offer, (b) decrease the number of Shares sought pursuant
to the Offer, (c) waive the Minimum Tender Condition or impose additional conditions to the Offer or (d) make any other change in the terms or conditions of the Offer that is adverse to the holders of Shares. 

Purchaser expressly reserves the right in its sole discretion, subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and to
the terms of the Merger Agreement, at any time or from time to time, to terminate the Offer and not accept for payment any Shares if any of the conditions to the Offer set forth in Section 13 have not been satisfied or upon the occurrence of any of
the events set forth in Section 13, by giving oral or written notice of such termination to the Depositary. 

Purchaser expressly reserves the right, subject to applicable rules of the Commission, to delay acceptance for payment of, or payment for, Shares in order to comply, in whole or in part, with any applicable law. See Sections 13 and
15. The reservation by Purchaser of the right to delay the acceptance of or payment for Shares is subject to the provisions of Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, which requires Purchaser to pay the consideration offered or to return Shares
deposited by or on behalf of tendering stockholders promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer. 

Any extension of the Offer, waiver or amendment of the Offer, delay in acceptance for payment or payment or termination of the Offer will be followed, as promptly as practicable, by public announcement thereof, such announcement in
the case of an extension to be issued not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date in accordance with the public announcement requirements of Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and
l4e-1(d) under the Exchange Act. Without limiting the obligation of Purchaser under such rule or the manner in which Purchaser may choose to make any public announcement, Purchaser currently intends to make announcements by issuing a press release
to Business Wire (or such other national media outlet or outlets it deems prudent) and making any appropriate filing with the Commission. 

If, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser makes a material change in the terms of the Offer or the information concerning the Offer, or if it waives a material condition of the Offer, Purchaser will
disseminate additional tender offer materials and extend the Offer if and to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and l4e-1 under the Exchange Act or otherwise. The minimum period during which a tender offer must remain open following
material changes in the terms of the offer or the information concerning the offer, other than a change in the consideration offered or a change in the percentage of securities sought, will depend upon the facts and circumstances, including the
relative materiality of the terms or information changes. With respect to a change in the consideration offered or a change in the percentage of securities sought, the tender offer generally must remain open for a minimum of ten business days
following such change to allow for adequate disclosure to stockholders. 

Pursuant to Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act, Purchaser may and Purchaser
reserves the right, subject to certain conditions, to provide a subsequent offering period of three business days to 20 business days in length following the expiration of the Offer on the Expiration Date (
Subsequent Offering
Period
). A Subsequent Offering Period would be an additional period of time, following the expiration of the Offer and the purchase of Shares in the Offer, during which stockholders may tender Shares not tendered in the Offer. A Subsequent
Offering Period, if one is provided, is not an extension of the Offer, which already will have been completed. 

During a Subsequent Offering Period, tendering stockholders will not have withdrawal rights and Purchaser will promptly purchase and pay for any Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period at the same price paid in the
Offer. Rule 14d-11 provides that Purchaser may provide a Subsequent Offering Period so long as, among other things, (a) the initial 20 business day period of the Offer has expired, (b) Purchaser offers the same form and amount of consideration for
Shares in the Subsequent Offering Period as in the initial Offer, (c) Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for all securities tendered during the Offer, (d) Purchaser announces the results of the Offer, including the approximate
number and percentage of Shares deposited in the Offer, no later than 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the next business day after the Expiration Date and a Subsequent Offering Period begins immediately upon such announcement and (e) Purchaser
immediately accepts and promptly pays for Shares as they are tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period. 

Purchaser reserves the right to provide a Subsequent Offering Period in its sole discretion if it purchases Shares at the expiration of the Offer. Pursuant to Rule 14d-7 under the Exchange Act, no withdrawal rights apply to Shares
tendered during a Subsequent Offering Period and no withdrawal rights apply during the Subsequent Offering Period with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. The same consideration, the Offer Price, will be paid to
stockholders tendering Shares in the Offer and in a Subsequent Offering Period, if one is provided. 

The
Company has provided Purchaser with the Companys list of stockholders and security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of Shares. This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal will be mailed
to record holders of Shares whose names appear on the Companys stockholder list and will be furnished to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the
stockholder list or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agencys security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares. 

2.    Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares 

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or amendment), Purchaser will accept for payment, and will pay for, Shares
validly tendered and not properly withdrawn as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date. 

In all cases,
payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (a) certificates representing such Shares or confirmation of the book-entry transfer of such Shares into the
Depositarys account at The Depository Trust Company (
DTC
) pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required
signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message (as defined in Section 3 below) in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal) and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. See Section 3.

For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment and thereby purchased Shares
validly tendered and not properly withdrawn if and when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of its acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant to the Offer. Payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will
be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent for the tendering stockholders for purposes of receiving payments from Purchaser and transmitting such payments to the tendering stockholders. 
Under no
circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price for Shares, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in payment for Shares. 

If any tendered Shares are not accepted for payment pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the Offer for any reason, or if certificates are submitted for more Shares than are tendered, certificates for such unpurchased Shares will be returned (or new certificates for the Shares not tendered will be sent), without expense to
the tendering stockholder (or, in the case of Shares tendered by book-entry transfer into the Depositarys account at DTC pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3, such Shares will be credited to the participant account maintained with
DTC from which tendered Shares were transferred), promptly following expiration or termination of the Offer. 

If, prior to the Expiration Date, Purchaser increases the consideration offered to holders of Shares pursuant to the Offer, such increased consideration will be paid to all holders of Shares that are purchased pursuant to the
Offer, whether or not such Shares were tendered prior to such increase in consideration. 

Purchaser reserves
the right to transfer or assign in whole or in part, from time to time, to one or more direct wholly owned subsidiaries of Synopsys the right to purchase all or any portion of the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, but any such transfer or
assignment will not relieve Purchaser of its obligations under the Offer and will in no way prejudice the rights of tendering stockholders to receive payment for Shares validly tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer. Under the
Merger Agreement, Purchaser may assign any of its rights, interests and obligations to any direct wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys provided that such assignment will not relieve Synopsys or Purchaser from their obligations under the Merger
Agreement. 

3.    Procedure for Tendering Shares 

Valid Tender of Shares.
    To tender Shares pursuant to the Offer, either (a) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal
(or a facsimile thereof) in accordance with the instructions of the Letter of Transmittal, with any required signature guarantees, certificates representing the Shares to be tendered and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal must
be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date, (b) such Shares must be properly delivered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer described below
and a confirmation of such delivery received by the Depositary (which confirmation must include an Agents Message (as defined below) if the tendering stockholder has not delivered a Letter of Transmittal), prior to the Expiration Date or (c)
the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below. The term 
Agents Message
 means a message, transmitted by DTC to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a
Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined below), which states that DTC has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in DTC tendering the Shares which are the subject of such Book-Entry Confirmation that such participant has received and
agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce such agreement against the participant. 

Book-Entry Transfer.
    The Depositary will establish an account with respect to the Shares at DTC for purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of this Offer to
Purchase. Any financial institution that is a participant in DTCs systems may make a book-entry transfer of Shares by causing DTC to transfer such Shares into the Depositarys account in accordance with DTCs procedures for such
transfer. However, although delivery of Shares may be effected through book-entry transfer, either the Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an
Agents Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal, and any other required documents, must, in any case, be transmitted to and received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase by the
Expiration Date, or the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described below. The confirmation of a book-entry transfer of Shares into the Depositarys account at DTC as described above is referred to herein
as a 
Book-Entry Confirmation.
 The Letter of Transmittal, and any other documents required therein, must be transmitted to and received by the Depositary at one of the addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to
Purchase. 
Delivery of documents to DTC in accordance with DTCs procedures does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

Signature Guarantees and Stock Powers.    
Except as otherwise provided below, all signatures on a Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by a financial institution (including most
commercial banks, savings and loan

associations and brokerage houses) that is a member in good standing of a recognized Medallion Program approved by the Securities Transfer Association, Inc., including the Security Transfer
Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Program and the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (each, an 
Eligible Institution
). Signatures on a Letter of Transmittal need not be guaranteed (a) if the
Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered owner(s) (which term, for purposes of this section, includes any participant in any of DTCs systems whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner of the Shares) of Shares
tendered therewith and such registered owner has not completed the box entitled Special Payment Instructions or the box entitled Special Delivery Instructions on the Letter of Transmittal or (b) if such Shares are tendered
for the account of an Eligible Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal. If the certificates for Shares are registered in the name of a person other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made
or certificates for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment or are to be returned to a person other than the registered owner of the certificates surrendered, then the tendered certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate
stock powers, in either case, signed exactly as the name or names of the registered owner(s) or holder(s) appear on the certificates, with the signatures on the certificates or stock powers guaranteed as described above. See Instructions 1 and 5 of
the Letter of Transmittal. 

Guaranteed Delivery.    
A stockholder who desires to
tender Shares pursuant to the Offer and whose certificates for Shares are not immediately available, or who cannot comply with the procedure for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, or who cannot deliver all required documents to the Depositary
prior to the Expiration Date, may tender such Shares by satisfying all of the requirements set forth below: 

(a)  such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution; 

(b)  a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by Purchaser with this Offer to Purchase, is received by the Depositary (as provided below) prior to the
Expiration Date; and 

(c)  the certificates for all tendered Shares, in proper form for
transfer (or a Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to all such Shares), together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry
transfer, an Agents Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal), and any other required documents, are received by the Depositary within three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. A trading
day is any day on which the Nasdaq National Market is open for business. 

The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery
may be delivered by hand to the Depositary or transmitted by telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary and must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

The method of delivery of Shares, the Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents, including
delivery through DTC, is at the election and risk of the tendering stockholder. Delivery of all such documents will be deemed made only when actually received by the Depositary (including, in the case of a book-entry transfer, by Book-Entry
Confirmation). If such delivery is by mail, it is recommended that all such documents be sent by properly insured registered mail with return receipt requested. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

Other Requirements.    
Notwithstanding any provision hereof, payment for
Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (a) certificates for (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to) such Shares, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or
facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal) and (c) any other documents required by the
Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering stockholders may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for Shares or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary. 
Under no
circumstances will interest be paid by Purchaser on the purchase price of the Shares, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment.

Binding Agreement.    
The acceptance for
payment by Purchaser of Shares tendered pursuant to one of the procedures described above will constitute a binding agreement between the tendering stockholder and Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. 

Appointment as Proxy.    
By executing and delivering a Letter of Transmittal as set forth
above (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, by delivery of an Agents Message, in lieu of a Letter of Transmittal), the tendering stockholder irrevocably appoints designees of Purchaser as such stockholders proxies, each with full
power of substitution, to the full extent of such stockholders rights with respect to the Shares tendered by such stockholder and accepted for payment by Purchaser and with respect to any and all other Shares or other securities issued or
issuable in respect of such Shares on or after the date of the Merger Agreement. All such proxies and powers of attorney will be considered coupled with an interest in the tendered Shares. Such appointment is effective when, and only to the extent
that, Purchaser accepts for payment Shares tendered by such stockholder as provided herein. Upon the effectiveness of such appointment, all prior powers of attorney, proxies and consents given by such stockholder will be revoked, and no subsequent
powers of attorney, proxies and consents may be given (and, if given, will not be deemed effective). Purchasers designees will, with respect to the Shares or other securities and rights for which the appointment is effective, be empowered to
exercise all voting and other rights of such stockholder as they, in their sole discretion, may deem proper at any annual, special, adjourned or postponed meeting of the stockholders of the Company, by written consent in lieu of any such meeting or
otherwise. Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon Purchasers payment for such Shares, Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights to the
extent permitted under applicable law with respect to such Shares and other securities, including voting at any meeting of stockholders. 

Determination of Validity.    
All questions as to the validity, form, eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance of any tender of Shares will be determined by Purchaser in its
sole and absolute discretion, which determination will be final and binding. Purchaser reserves the absolute right to reject any and all tenders determined by it not to be in proper form or the acceptance for payment of or payment for which may, in
the opinion of Purchaser, be unlawful. Purchaser also reserves the absolute right to waive any defect or irregularity in the tender of any Shares of any particular stockholder whether or not similar defects or irregularities are waived in the case
of any other stockholder. No tender of Shares will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects and irregularities relating thereto have been cured or waived. None of Synopsys, Purchaser or any of their respective affiliates or assigns, the
Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. Purchasers interpretation of the
terms and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and the Instructions thereto and any other documents related to the Offer) will be final and binding. 

4.    Withdrawal Rights 

Except as
otherwise provided in this Section 4, tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable, except that Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at any time on or prior to the Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for
payment by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after March 23, 2003. 

For a
withdrawal of Shares to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. Any notice of withdrawal must
specify the name of the person having tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the record holder of the Shares to be withdrawn, if different from that of the person who tendered such Shares. The
signature(s) on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution, unless such Shares have been tendered for the account of any Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry
transfer as set forth in Section 3, any notice of withdrawal must specify the name and number of the account at DTC to be credited with the

withdrawn Shares. If certificates representing the Shares have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, the name of the registered owner and the serial numbers shown on such
certificates must also be furnished to the Depositary as aforesaid prior to the physical release of such certificates. 

All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole discretion, which determination shall be final and binding. No withdrawal of Shares shall
be deemed to have been properly made until all defects and irregularities have been cured or waived. None of Purchaser, Synopsys or any of their respective affiliates or assigns, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be
under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give such notification. Withdrawals of tenders of Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn
will be deemed not to have been validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be retendered by following one of the procedures for tendering shares described in Section 3 at any time prior to the Expiration Date.

If Purchaser extends the Offer, is delayed in its acceptance for payment of Shares or is unable to accept for
payment Shares pursuant to the Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to Purchasers rights under this Offer, the Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of Purchaser, retain tendered Shares, and such Shares may not be withdrawn except
to the extent that tendering stockholders are entitled to withdrawal rights as set forth in this Section 4. 

In the event Purchaser provides a Subsequent Offering Period following the Offer, no withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered during such Subsequent Offering Period or to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment.

5.    Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer 

The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders of Shares upon the tender of Shares for cash
pursuant to the Offer and the exchange of Shares for cash pursuant to the Merger. This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Code
), Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and court decisions,
all as in effect as of the date hereof and all of which are subject to differing interpretations and/or change at any time (possibly with retroactive effect). This summary does not address holders of Exchangeable Shares. In addition, this summary is
not a complete description of all the tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger and, in particular, may not address U.S. federal income tax considerations to holders of Shares subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax law
(including, for example, financial institutions, dealers in securities or currencies, traders that mark to market, holders who hold their Shares as part of a hedge, straddle or conversion transaction, insurance companies, tax-exempt entities and
holders who obtained their Shares by exercising options or warrants). In addition, this summary does not discuss any consequences to holders of options or warrants to purchase Shares or any aspect of state, local or foreign tax law that may be
applicable to any holder of Shares, or any U.S. federal tax considerations other than U.S. federal income tax considerations. This summary assumes that holders own Shares as capital assets. 

We urge holders of Shares and Exchangeable Shares to consult their own tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences to them in connection with the Offer and the
Merger in light of their own particular circumstances, including the tax consequences under state, local, foreign and other tax laws. 

U.S. Holders. 

Except as otherwise set forth below, the following
discussion is limited to the U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to a holder of Shares that is a U.S. Holder. A 
U.S. Holder
 is a holder that is a U.S. domestic corporation, a U.S. citizen or resident, or any other person
or entity subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis in respect of the Shares. 

Payments with
respect to the Shares 

The exchange of Shares for cash pursuant to the Offer will be a taxable transaction for
U.S. federal income tax purposes, and a U.S. Holder who receives cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer will recognize gain or loss, if

any, equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and the holders adjusted tax basis in the Shares. Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term
capital gain or loss if such U.S. Holders holding period for the Shares is more than one year at the time of the exchange of such holders Shares for cash. Long-term capital gains recognized by an individual holder generally are subject
to tax at a lower rate than short-term capital gains or ordinary income. There are limitations on the deductibility of capital losses. 

Backup Withholding Tax and Information Reporting 

Payments made with respect to
Shares exchanged for cash in the Offer or the Merger will be subject to information reporting and U.S. federal backup withholding tax (at a rate of 30 percent) unless (i) the U.S. Holder furnishes an accurate tax identification number or otherwise
complies with applicable U.S. information reporting or certification requirements (typically, by completing and signing a substitute Form W-9, which will be included with the Letter of Transmittal to be returned to the Depositary) or (ii) the U.S.
Holder is otherwise exempt from backup withholding. Any amounts so withheld may be credited against the U.S. Holders U.S. federal income tax liability. 

Non-U.S. Holders. 

The following is a summary of
certain U.S. federal income tax consequences that will apply to you if you are a Non-U.S. Holder of the Shares. The term 
Non-U.S. Holder
 means a beneficial owner of a Share that is not a U.S. person. For these purposes a U.S.
person means a citizen or resident of the United States, a domestic partnership, a domestic corporation, any estate (other than a foreign estate), and any trust if(i) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision
over the administration of the trust, and (ii) one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. 

Non-U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors to determine the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences that may be relevant to them. 

Payments with respect to the Shares 

Payments made to a Non-U.S. Holder with respect to Shares exchanged for cash in the Offer or the Merger generally will be exempt from U.S. federal income tax, unless: 

(a)

the gain on the Shares, if any, is effectively connected with the conduct by the Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business in the United States (in which event you
will be subject to U.S. federal income tax as described above under U.S. Holders, but you should provide a Form W-8ECI instead of a Form W-9), 

(b)

the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who was present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year and certain other conditions are met, or

(c)

the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual subject to tax pursuant to U.S. tax rules applicable to certain expatriates. 

Backup Withholding Tax and Information Reporting 

In general, if you are a Non-U.S. Holder you will not be subject to backup withholding and information reporting with respect to a payment made with respect to Shares
exchanged for cash in the Offer or the Merger if you have provided the Depositary with an IRS Form W-8BEN (or, a Form W-8ECI if your gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business). If Shares are held through a foreign
partnership or other flow through entity, certain documentation requirements also apply to the partnership or other flow through entity. 

6.    Price Range of Shares; Dividends 

According to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, the Shares are traded on the
Nasdaq National Market under the symbol NMTC. The following table sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high and low sales prices per Share on the Nasdaq National Market as reported in the Companys Form 10-K/A with
respect to periods occurring in 2001 and as reported during 2002 and 2003 by published financial sources: 

Year

High

Low

2001:

First Quarter

$

28.75

$

9.00

Second Quarter

$

26.15

$

7.88

Third Quarter

$

29.82

$

13.10

Fourth Quarter

$

38.65

$

13.91

2002:

First Quarter

$

39.00

$

11.71

Second Quarter

$

13.99

$

2.69

Third Quarter

$

4.94

$

2.72

Fourth Quarter

$

5.50

$

2.61

2003:

First Quarter (through January 22, 2003)

$

6.93

$

3.36

On January 10, 2003, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the terms of the Offer and the Merger, the reported closing sales price per Share on the Nasdaq National Market was $3.70 per Share. On January 22, 2003, the last full trading day prior to the commencement of the Offer, the reported
closing sales price per Share on the Nasdaq National Market was $6.78 per Share. The Company has never paid any dividends on the Shares. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company is not permitted to declare or pay dividends with respect
to the Shares without the prior written consent of Synopsys. See Section 14. 
Stockholders are urged to obtain a current market quotation for the Shares
. 

7.

Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Nasdaq Listing; Exchange Act Registration and Margin Regulations 

Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for the Shares.    
The
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer will reduce the number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly and could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares held by the public. The purchase of Shares pursuant to
the Offer can also be expected to reduce the number of holders of Shares. Neither Synopsys nor Purchaser can predict whether the reduction in the number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the
market price or marketability of the Shares or whether it would cause future market prices to be greater or less than the Offer Price. 

Nasdaq Listing.    
Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the Shares may no longer meet the requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq National Market.
According to the published guidelines of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (
Nasdaq
), Nasdaq would consider disqualifying the Shares for listing on the Nasdaq National Market (though not necessarily for listing on the Nasdaq SmallCap
Market) if, among other possible grounds, the number of publicly held Shares falls below 750,000, the total number of beneficial holders of round lots of Shares falls below 400, the market value of publicly held Shares over a 30 consecutive
business day period is less than $5 million, there are fewer than two active and registered market makers in the Shares over a 10 consecutive business day period, the Company has stockholders equity of less than $10 million or the bid price
for the Shares over a 30 consecutive business day period is less than $1. Furthermore, Nasdaq would consider delisting Shares from Nasdaq altogether if, among other possible grounds, (a) the number of publicly held Shares falls below 500,000, (b)
the total number of beneficial holders of round

lots of Shares falls below 300, (c) the market value of publicly held Shares over a 30 consecutive business day period is less than $1 million, (d) there are fewer than two active and registered
market makers in the Shares over a 10 consecutive business day period, (e) the bid price for the Shares over a 30 consecutive business day period is less than $1 or (f) (i) the Company has stockholders equity of less than $2.5 million,
(ii) the market value of the Companys listed securities is less than $35 million over a 10 consecutive business day period and (iii) the Companys net income from continuing operations is less than $500,000 for the most recently completed
fiscal year and two of the last three most recently completed fiscal years. Shares held by officers or directors of the Company, or by any beneficial owner of more than 10 percent of the Shares, will not be considered as being publicly held for this
purpose. According to the Company, as of January 21, 2003, there were 33,712,870 Shares outstanding. If, as a result of the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, the Shares no longer meet the requirements of Nasdaq for continued
listing and such shares are either no longer eligible for the Nasdaq National Market or are delisted from Nasdaq altogether, the market for Shares will be adversely affected. 

If Nasdaq were to delist the Shares, it is possible that the Shares would continue to trade on other securities exchanges or in the over-the-counter market and that price
or other quotations for the Shares would be reported by other sources. The extent of the public market for such Shares and the availability of such quotations would depend, however, upon such factors as the number of stockholders and/or the
aggregate market value of such securities remaining at such time, the interest in maintaining a market in the Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination of registration under the Exchange Act as described below, and other
factors. Trading in the Shares will cease upon consummation of the Merger if trading has not ceased earlier as discussed above. 

Exchange Act Registration.    
The Shares are currently registered under the Exchange Act. The purchase of the Shares pursuant to the Offer may result in the Shares becoming eligible for
deregistration under the Exchange Act. Registration of the Shares may be terminated by the Company upon application to the Commission if the outstanding Shares are not listed on a national securities exchange and if there are fewer than
300 holders of record of Shares. 

Termination of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act would reduce
the information required to be furnished by the Company to its stockholders and to the Commission and would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b), the requirement of
furnishing a proxy statement in connection with stockholders meetings pursuant to Section 14(a) and the related requirement of furnishing an annual report to stockholders, no longer applicable with respect to the Shares. In addition, if the
Shares are no longer registered under the Exchange Act, the requirements of Rule 13e-3 with respect to going private transactions would no longer be applicable to the Company. Furthermore, the ability of affiliates of the
Company and persons holding restricted securities of the Company to dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be impaired or eliminated. If registration of the Shares under the
Exchange Act were terminated, the Shares would no longer be eligible for continued inclusion on the Federal Reserve Boards list of margin securities or eligible for stock exchange listing or reporting on Nasdaq. Purchaser intends
to seek to cause the Company to apply for termination of registration of the Shares as soon as possible after consummation of the Offer if the requirements for termination of registration are met. 

Margin Regulations.    
The Shares are currently margin securities under the regulations of
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, which has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit using such Shares as collateral. Depending upon factors similar to those described above regarding market
quotations, the Shares might no longer constitute margin securities for the purposes of the margin regulations, in which event the Shares would be ineligible as collateral for margin loans made by brokers. 

8.    Certain Information Concerning the Company 

General.    
Except as otherwise set forth herein, the information concerning the Company contained in this Offer to Purchase has been
furnished by the Company or taken from or based upon publicly available documents

and records on file with the Commission and other public sources. Neither Synopsys, Purchaser, or any of their respective affiliates or assigns, the Information Agent nor the Depositary assumes
responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Company contained in such documents and records or for any failure by the Company to disclose events which may have occurred or may affect the significance or accuracy
of any such information but which are unknown to Synopsys, Purchaser, or any of their respective affiliates or assigns, the Information Agent or the Depositary. 

The following description of the Company and its business has been taken from the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, and is qualified in its
entirety by reference thereto. 

The Company is a Delaware corporation with its principal executive offices located
at 70 West Plumeria Drive, San Jose, California 95134-2134. The Companys telephone number is (408) 919-1910. 

The Company is a leading commercial provider of proprietary technologies and software products that enable the design and manufacture of subwavelength semiconductors. 

Available Information.    
The Company is subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and in accordance
therewith is obligated to file reports and other information with the Commission relating to its business, financial condition and other matters. Information, as of particular dates, concerning the Companys directors and officers, their
remuneration, stock options granted to them, the principal holders of the Companys securities, any material interests of such persons in transactions with the Company and other matters is required to be disclosed in proxy statements
distributed to the Companys stockholders and filed with the Commission. Such reports, proxy statements and other information should be available for inspection at the public reference room at the Commissions office at 450 Fifth Street,
N.W., Room 1024, Judiciary Plaza, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies may be obtained by mail, upon payment of the Commissions customary charges, by writing to its principal office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024, Judiciary Plaza, Washington,
D.C. 20549. Further information on the operation of the Commissions Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C. can be obtained by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission also maintains an Internet worldwide web site that
contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, such as the Company, who file electronically with the Commission. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. 

Financial Information
.    In connection with the negotiation of the Merger Agreement, the Company delivered to Synopsys, in addition to
its historical financial statements, certain financial information regarding its operations and markets. This information included a financial projection of $46.0 million of revenue and $2.1 million of operating income for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2003. This was the only financial projection the Company provided to Synopsys during their discussions. This forecast should be read together with the historical financial statements of the Company, including the Companys Form 8-K
filed with the Commission on January 16, 2003, reporting the Companys unaudited financial results for 2002 which may be obtained in the manner described above under 
Available Information
. 

The inclusion of this forecast in this Offer to Purchase should not be regarded as a representation by Synopsys, Purchaser or the Company
or any other person that the forecasted results will be achieved or that Synopsys or Purchaser has relied on this forecast. 

To the knowledge of Synopsys and Purchaser, the Company does not, as a matter of course, make public forecasts regarding its future operating performance, and Synopsys has been advised by the Company that the forecast it received
from the Company was not prepared with a view toward public disclosure. The Company prepared the forecast described above based on the limited information available to the Companys management at the time that such forecast was prepared, for
the sole purpose of providing Synopsys with the Companys view, as of that date, of its potential future operating performance in 2003. The forecast described above does not (i) reflect recent developments that have occurred since the Company
prepared it or (ii) give effect to the Offer

and the Merger, the potential combined operations of the Company, Synopsys and its affiliates or changes that Synopsys may make to the Companys operations or strategy after the completion
of the Offer and the Merger. The forecast is not being included in this Offer to Purchase to influence your decision whether to tender your Shares in the Offer, but solely because this forecast was made available by the Company to Synopsys and
Purchaser, and the inclusion of the forecast in this Offer to Purchase is not intended to indicate that Synopsys, Purchaser or the Company relied on it when determining whether to proceed with the Offer or the Merger or that they should be
considered material to any stockholders decision about whether to tender Shares in the Offer. 

The forecast
described above constitutes a forward-looking statement within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those described in the
Companys most recently filed Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, that could cause actual results to differ materially from results reflected in the forecast. At the time of receipt, Synopsys was advised by the Company that the forecast described
above was subjective in many respects and thus susceptible to interpretations and periodic revision based on actual experience and business developments. The forecast was based on numerous variables and assumptions made by the Companys
management that are inherently uncertain and may be beyond the control of the Companys management. In particular, the forecast may be affected by the Companys ability to achieve strategic goals, objectives and targets during the
applicable period. These assumptions necessarily involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and regulatory conditions and financial market conditions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict
accurately and many of which are beyond the Companys control. The forecast also reflects assumptions as to certain business decisions that are subject to change. Neither Synopsys nor Purchaser approved the assumptions or the methodology used
to produce the forecast. Accordingly, actual results are likely to vary significantly from those set forth in the forecast. 

In addition, the forecast was not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the Commission, the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and
presentation of financial forecasts, or generally accepted accounting principles. None of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company, the Companys advisors, agents, representatives, or independent consultants and neither Synopsys nor
Purchaser, nor any of their respective Boards of Directors, advisors, agents, representatives or independent consultants can give you any assurance that actual results will not materially differ from the forecast, nor do they assume any obligation
to update or revise the forecast. None of Synopsys, Purchaser or the Company intends to make publicly available any update or other revisions to the forecast to reflect circumstances existing after the date of preparation of the forecast or the
occurrence of unanticipated events, even if experience or future changes in assumed conditions make it clear that the forecast is inaccurate. 

During the negotiations between the Company and Synopsys, and prior to delivery of the above referenced financial projection for 2003, the Company provided to Synopsys certain projections regarding
potential market opportunities for the Company. The information was intended to provide the most optimistic view of the potential market opportunity presented by the Company. This market opportunity information provided to Synopsys included revenue
of $57.1 million, $134.7 million, $177.6 million, and $220.2 million during the years 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006, respectively. The operating income for each corresponding year was $5.0 million, $53.8 million, $68.5 million and $82.0 million,
respectively. 
The Company advised Synopsys that these market opportunity numbers were not financial projections of the Company, and were not to be viewed as achievable revenue or operating income for the Company. As such, the Company and Synopsys
believe that this financial information has no relevance as to how Numerical would operate or perform on a financial basis as a stand-alone company.

Inclusion of this financial information in this Offer to Purchase should not be regarded as representation by Synopsys, Purchaser or the Company that they are in any way financial projections of the
Company on a stand-alone basis or pursuant to the proposed business combination with Synopsys. Indeed, in the view of the Company, these numbers should not be viewed as relevant to how the Company will perform in the future either on a stand-alone
basis or in combination with Synopsys, and should not be relied upon in any manner in connection with the Offer. 

The projection and market opportunity information included in this Offer to
Purchase have been prepared by, and are in the responsibility of, the Companys management. The Companys independent accountants have neither examined nor compiled the projection and market opportunity information set forth above and,
accordingly, the Companys independent accountants do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. 

9.    Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and Synopsys 

Purchaser.    
Purchaser is a Delaware corporation and, to date, has engaged in no activities other than those incident to its formation and to the Offer and the Merger. Purchaser is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Synopsys. The principal executive offices of Purchaser are located at 700 East Middlefield Road, Mountain View, California 94043 and Purchasers telephone number is (650) 584-5000. 

Synopsys.    
Synopsys is a Delaware corporation. Synopsys is a leading supplier of electronic design
automation software to the global electronics industry. The principal executive offices of Synopsys are located at 700 East Middlefield Road, Mountain View, California 94043 and Synopsys telephone number is (650) 584-5000. 

Additional Information.
    The name, business address, citizenship, present principal
occupation and employment history for the past five years of each of the members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers of Synopsys and of the members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers of Purchaser are set forth in Schedule
A to this Offer to Purchase. 

None of Synopsys, Purchaser or, to the best knowledge of Synopsys and Purchaser, any
of the persons listed in Schedule A to this Offer to Purchase, has during the last five years (a) been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors) or (b) been a party to any judicial or administrative
proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, U.S. federal or state
securities laws or a finding of any violation of U.S. federal or state securities laws. 

Except as
set forth elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase or Schedule A to this Offer to Purchase or as previously disclosed in filings with the Commission: (a) neither Purchaser nor, to Synopsys or Purchasers knowledge, any of the persons listed in
Schedule A or any associate or majority owned subsidiary of Synopsys or Purchaser or of any of the persons so listed, beneficially owns or has a right to acquire any Shares or any other equity securities of the Company, (b) neither Synopsys nor
Purchaser nor, to Synopsys or Purchasers knowledge, any of the individuals or entities referred to in clause (a) above or any of their executive officers, directors, affiliates or subsidiaries has effected any transaction in Shares or
any other equity securities of the Company during the past 60 days, (c) neither Synopsys nor Purchaser nor, to Synopsys or Purchasers knowledge, any of the persons listed in Schedule A, has any agreement, arrangement, or understanding,
whether or not legally enforceable, with any other person with respect to any securities of the Company (including, but not limited to, any agreement, arrangement, or understanding concerning the transfer or the voting of any such securities, joint
ventures, loan or option arrangements, puts or calls, guarantees of loans, guarantees against loss or the giving or withholding of proxies, consents or authorizations), (d) in the past two years, there have been no transactions that would require
reporting under the rules and regulations of the Commission between Synopsys or Purchaser or any of their subsidiaries or, to Synopsys or Purchasers knowledge, any of the persons listed in Schedule A, on the one hand, and the Company or
any of its executive officers, directors or affiliates, on the other hand and (e) in the past two years, there have been no negotiations, transactions or material contacts between Synopsys or Purchaser or any of their subsidiaries or, to
Synopsys or Purchasers knowledge, any of the persons listed in Schedule A, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a merger, consolidation or acquisition, a tender offer or
other acquisition of the Companys securities, an election of the Companys directors or a sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets of the Company. 

Purchaser believes that the financial condition of Synopsys and its affiliates is
not material to a decision by a holder of Shares whether to tender such shares in the Offer because (a) the Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares solely for cash, (b) the Offer is not subject to any financing condition, (c) if Purchaser
consummates the Offer, it will acquire all remaining Shares for the same cash price in the Merger and (d) Synopsys currently has sufficient cash or cash equivalents to purchase all outstanding Shares. 

10.    Background of the Offer; Contacts with the Company 

Synopsys provides software products and related services that help its customers design leading edge integrated circuits and the products that incorporate them. Integrated
circuit design has historically been divided into two distinct phaseslogic design, during which a high level description of the functions that the chip is to perform are converted into a logical description implementing such functions, and
physical design, during which the precise locations of the transistors comprising the chips and the connections between such transistors are determined. Synopsyss products have historically been concentrated in logic design and verification.
In June 2002, Synopsys acquired Avant! Corporation, thereby adding a full array of physical design tools to its product line. As chip technology continues to advance, however, chip designers are facing new challenges in ensuring that the chips they
have designed can successfully be manufactured. The Companys products and technologies address the challenges of manufacturability. Synopsys believes by acquiring the Company it will have opportunities to offer customers a more complete and
effective solution for the design and manufacture of advanced designs, to improve the performance of its other design software tools by taking manufacturing-related information into account earlier in the design process and to establish
relationships with an expanded group of customers. 

Synopsys first had discussions with the Company about a
possible original equipment manufacturing, or OEM, arrangement in May 1999. At that time, representatives of the Company held a number of meetings with representatives of Synopsys in order to discuss a possible OEM arrangement by which
Synopsys would distribute certain Numerical products. However, these discussions did not result in a definitive agreement. The parties did not have further discussions until the third quarter of 2002, other than informal discussions at industry
conferences that did not concern a potential acquisition. 

On August 1, 2002, Aart J. de Geus, the Chairman, Dr.
Chi-Foon Chan, the President, and Mick OBrien, Vice President of Business Development, of Synopsys met with Yagyensh C. (Buno) Pati, the Chairman of the Company, to discuss their respective businesses and the ways in which the two companies
might be able to cooperate. The possibility of a combination between the two companies was not discussed. 

On
September 11, 2002, Larry Hollatz, the President and Chief Executive Officer, and Atul Sharan, Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing, of the Company made a presentation to Mr. OBrien and Antun Domic, Senior Vice President,
Nanometer Analysis and Test, of Synopsys regarding the Companys business. Again, the possibility of a combination between the two companies was not discussed, although the parties did discuss a possible OEM or other partnering agreement at
that time. 

On November 25, 2002, representatives of Synopsys met with representatives of the Company to discuss
the longer-term outlook for the Companys business, although an acquisition was not explicitly discussed. 

At
various times between November 25, 2002 and December 6, 2002, Synopsys representatives had discussions with their Company counterparts by telephone in order to discuss the current state of the Companys business. A face-to-face meeting between
the two companies representatives was held on November 29, 2002, at which the parties discussed the same subjects. 

In early December 2002, representatives of the Company contacted Synopsys to discuss the possibility of a business combination between the two companies. 

On December 6, 2002, Synopsys and the Company entered into a confidentiality agreement with respect to Company confidential information proposed to be disclosed to Synopsys
in connection with discussions

concerning a possible business combination (the 
Confidentiality Agreement
). See Section II 
Purpose of the Offer and Plans for the Company; the Merger Agreement
and Related Agreements
The Confidentiality Agreement.

Also on December 6, 2002,
representatives of CSFB and the Company gave a presentation to representatives of Synopsys regarding the Company and its business and prospects and the possibility for a combination of Synopsys and the Company. At the same time, representatives of
Synopsys met with representatives of the Company to begin a business due diligence review of the Companys business. 

On December 13, 2002, Synopsys delivered to the Company a non-binding proposal to acquire all of the outstanding Shares for $4.45 per Share in cash or in shares of Synopsys common stock at a fixed exchange ratio. The proposal was
subject to due diligence and the negotiation of a definitive merger agreement. Synopsys proposal included the following additional material terms: 



The proposed transaction would include a voting agreement from all of the Companys directors and executive officers in which such persons would agree to
vote all Shares under their control in favor of the merger and against any competing proposal. 



As a condition to execution of a merger agreement, Synopsys would require certain key employees to enter into agreements with non-compete and non-solicitation
provisions. 



Synopsys would not proceed further with respect to a transaction without a 30-day exclusivity period. 

During the week of December 16, 2002, representatives of Synopsys discussed the terms of this proposal with representatives of CSFB and
there were further due diligence discussions between representatives of Synopsys and representatives of the Company. 

On December 19, 2002, Synopsys delivered to the Company a second non-binding proposal to acquire all of the outstanding Shares for $6.10 per Share payable in shares of Synopsys common stock at a fixed exchange ratio. The other
material terms of the second proposal were identical to those contained in the December 13 proposal. 

On December
21, 2002 and December 22, 2002, representatives of Synopsys had further due diligence meetings with representatives of the Company. 

On December 22, 2002, representatives of Synopsys discussed the terms of the December 19 proposal with representatives of CSFB. 

On December 22, 2002, Synopsys delivered to the Company a third non-binding proposal to acquire all of the outstanding Shares for $7.00 per Share in cash or in shares of Synopsys common stock at a
fixed exchange ratio. The other material terms of the December 22 proposal were identical to those contained in the December 13 proposal, except that Synopsys conditioned its willingness to proceed on the Company granting it exclusivity through
January 13, 2003. 

On December 23, 2002, representatives of Synopsys received comments on the December 22 proposal
from representatives of CSFB, and representatives of Synopsys discussed the proposal with representatives of the Company. 

Also on December 23, 2002, Synopsys delivered to the Company a fourth non-binding proposal to acquire all of the outstanding Shares with terms substantially similar to the December 22 proposal but clarifying that the Company could
elect, prior to execution of a definitive agreement for a transaction, whether it wished the consideration in the transaction to consist of Synopsys common stock or cash. 

After reviewing Synopsys December 23 proposal letter, representatives of the Company advised representatives of Synopsys that the Company was prepared to continue
discussions with Synopsys on an

exclusive basis and Synopsys and the Company executed an exclusivity agreement. The exclusivity agreement provided that, through January 13, 2003, the Company would not solicit or encourage
proposals regarding, or continue or enter into negotiations or discussions with respect to, or enter into any agreement or understanding providing for a business combination or a material equity investment in the Company with any person or entity
other than Synopsys. The exclusivity agreement further provided that the Company would notify Synopsys immediately if it received from a third party any inquiries or proposals with respect to a business combination or material equity investment,
including the identity of the third party and the terms of any such inquiry or proposal. Subsequently, the Company disclosed to Synopsys its receipt of certain proposals that the Company had received from third parties, as set forth in Item 4
The Solicitation or RecommendationBackground of the Offer and the Merger of the Schedule 14D-9, which is enclosed with this document. 

On December 27, 2002, Synopsys and the Company entered into a non-solicitation agreement providing that neither Synopsys nor its representatives, prior to December 6, 2004, would solicit for employment
any Company employee based on information provided to Synopsys pursuant to the Confidentiality Agreement, except that such restriction would not apply to any person whose employment with the Company was terminated or if the Company was acquired by,
or sold substantially all of its assets to, a third party. 

During the period from December 26, 2002 through
January 10, 2003, representatives of Synopsys continued the due diligence review of the Companys business and legal, financial and accounting matters. 

On December 30, 2002, Synopsys counsel sent to the Companys counsel a draft merger agreement, stockholder agreement and a proposed nonexclusive patent license agreement that would survive
certain specified terminations of the proposed merger agreement. 

On January 2, 2003, Synopsys and the Company
entered into a confidentiality agreement with respect to Synopsys confidential information proposed to be disclosed to the Company in connection with discussions of a possible transaction. 

On January 6, 2003, the Companys counsel sent comments on the draft merger agreement and stockholder agreement to Synopsys counsel and advised Synopsys
counsel that the Board of Directors of the Company would not be prepared to consider a patent license agreement in connection with the transaction and that the Board of Directors of the Company would accept a merger agreement only with provisions
permitting the Board of Directors of the Company to accept a superior proposal consistent with its fiduciary duties. 

From January 7, 2003 through January 12, 2003, representatives of Synopsys negotiated the terms of the Merger Agreement with representatives of the Company and negotiated the terms of the Stockholder Agreement with representatives of
the Company and the Supporting Stockholders. 

On January 9, 2003, the Company informed Synopsys that the Board of
Directors of the Company had elected to receive cash rather than Synopsys common stock. The parties then agreed that the transaction would be structured as a tender offer to be followed by a second-step merger. 

On January 12, 2003, the Board of Directors of Synopsys held a meeting and, by the unanimous vote of all directors present, approved the
Merger Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement, the Offer and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Later that same day Synopsys was advised that the Board of Directors of the Company had held a meeting and had unanimously
determined that the Offer and the Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, the Company and its stockholders, approved and adopted the Merger Agreement and resolved to recommend that the Companys stockholders accept the
Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer and approve and adopt the Merger Agreement. 

Later on January
12, 2003, Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company executed the Merger Agreement, and the Stockholder Agreement was executed by Synopsys and the Supporting Stockholders. 

On January 13, 2003, before the commencement of normal trading on the Nasdaq National Market, where Numerical common
stock is traded, Synopsys and the Company issued a joint press release announcing the transaction. 

For additional
information about the background to the transaction that is solely within the knowledge of the Company, see Item 4. The Solicitation or RecommendationBackground to the Offer of the Schedule 14D-9 which is enclosed with this
document. 

11.    Purpose of the Offer and Plans for the Company; the Merger Agreement and Related Agreements

Purpose of the Offer and Plans for the Company.    
The purpose of the Offer
and the Merger is for Synopsys, through Purchaser, to acquire control of, and the entire equity interest in, the Company. The Offer, as the first step in the acquisition of the Company, is intended to facilitate the acquisition of all outstanding
Shares. The purpose of the Merger is to acquire all of the capital stock of the Company not purchased pursuant to the Offer or otherwise. Stockholders of the Company who sell their Shares in the Offer will cease to have any equity interest in the
Company or any right to participate in its earnings and future growth. If the Merger is consummated, non-tendering stockholders will also no longer have an equity interest in the Company. Similarly, after selling their Shares in the Offer or the
subsequent Merger, stockholders of the Company will not bear the risk of any decrease in the value of the Company. 

In connection with the Offer, Synopsys and Purchaser have reviewed, and will continue to review, various possible business strategies that they might consider in the event that Purchaser acquires control of the Company, whether
pursuant to the Offer, the Merger or otherwise. If, as and to the extent that Synopsys acquires control of the Company, Synopsys intends to conduct a detailed review of the Company and its assets, corporate structure, capitalization, operations,
properties, policies, management and personnel and to consider and determine what, if any, changes would be desirable in light of the circumstances which then exist. Such changes could include, among other things, changes in the Companys
business, corporate structure, number of employees, certificate of incorporation, bylaws, capitalization, management or dividend policy. 

Assuming Purchaser purchases Shares pursuant to the Offer, Synopsys intends to exercise promptly its rights under the Merger Agreement to obtain majority representation on, and control of, the Board of Directors of the
Company. See 
The Merger Agreement
Directors
 
below. Synopsys, Purchaser or other affiliates of Synopsys may, following the expiration or termination of the Offer and any Subsequent Offering Period, seek to
acquire additional Shares through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, a tender or exchange offer or otherwise, upon such terms and at such prices as any of them shall determine, which may be more or less than the Offer Price.
Synopsys and its affiliates also reserve the right to dispose of any or all Shares acquired by them. 

Except as
disclosed in this Offer to Purchase, neither Purchaser nor Synopsys has any present plans or proposals that would result in an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization, liquidation, relocation of operations, or sale or
transfer of a material amount of assets, involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any material changes in the Companys capitalization, corporate structure, business or composition of its management or board of directors.

The Merger Agreement.    
The following is a summary of certain provisions of
the Merger Agreement. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which Synopsys and Purchaser have filed with the Commission as an exhibit to the Tender
Offer Statement on Schedule TO which Synopsys and Purchaser filed with the Commission (the 
Schedule TO
). The Merger Agreement may be examined and copies may be obtained in the manner set forth in Section 8 under

Available Information.

The Offer
.    The Merger Agreement
provides that Purchaser will commence the Offer and that, upon the terms and subject to prior satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the Offer as described in Section 13

(including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any extension or amendment), Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, all Shares validly tendered pursuant to
the Offer and not withdrawn on or prior to the Expiration Date. 

Purchaser has agreed to extend the Offer for one
or more periods of up to 20 business days per extension if at the Expiration Date, all of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied or waived; provided that Purchaser may, but is not obligated to, extend the Offer if, at the Expiration
Date: (a) the Minimum Tender Condition is not satisfied but all other conditions set forth in Section 13 are satisfied, (b) the condition relating to any action taken by a court or other governmental entity which would, or is reasonably likely to,
prohibit the transactions contemplated by the Offer or the Merger Agreement, materially limit Synopsys and Purchasers rights in the Shares purchased in the Offer, require Synopsys or Purchaser to divest Shares or require Synopsys to
divest assets that are material to its operations or to take certain actions that would materially affect its operations is not satisfied, (c) the Company has suffered a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below), or (d) the condition relating to
the Companys compliance with certain of its representations and obligations under the Merger Agreement is not satisfied and the cure period, if applicable, has expired. 

Directors
.    Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, promptly after Purchaser has purchased pursuant to the Offer or otherwise such number of Shares
as represents at least a majority of the outstanding Shares, Purchaser has the right to have persons designated by it become directors of the Company so that the total number of such persons equals the number, rounded up to the next whole number,
which is the product of the total number of directors on the Board of Directors of the Company and the percentage that the number of Shares purchased bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding. The Merger Agreement provides that the
Company will, upon request by Purchaser, promptly increase the size of the Board of Directors of the Company or use its best efforts to seek the resignations of such number of directors as is necessary to provide Purchaser with such level of
representation and will cause Purchasers designees to be so elected. However, the Merger Agreement further provides that until the time the Merger becomes effective (the 
Effective Time
) certain actions of the Board of
Directors of the Company will require the concurrence of a majority of any directors of the Company then in office who were directors of the Company on the date of the Merger Agreement (the 
Continuing Directors
) or their successor
Continuing Directors selected by the existing Continuing Directors. 

The Merger
.    The
Merger Agreement provides that, after the completion of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company and the Company will be the surviving corporation. 

The Company has agreed in the Merger Agreement that, unless Synopsys effects a short-form merger subject to applicable law, it will (a)
call, give notice of and hold a special meeting of its stockholders as soon as practicable following the consummation of the Offer for the purpose of approving the Merger Agreement, (b) prepare and file with the Commission a preliminary proxy
statement relating to the Merger as required by the Exchange Act and cause the definitive proxy statement (the 
Proxy Statement
) to be mailed to its stockholders, (c) include in the Proxy Statement the recommendation of the Board
of Directors of the Company that stockholders of the Company vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and use its best efforts to obtain the necessary approval of the Merger by its stockholders. Each of Synopsys and Purchaser has agreed
in the Merger Agreement that, at the special meeting of stockholders, it will vote all of the Shares acquired by it pursuant to the Offer, the Stockholder Agreement or otherwise in favor of the Merger. 

The Merger Agreement further provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing, if Purchaser, or any other subsidiary of Synopsys, holds at
least 90 percent of the outstanding shares of each class of capital stock of the Company, each of Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company will take all necessary and appropriate actions to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable
after the consummation of the Offer as a short-form merger without a meeting of the stockholders of the Company. 

Charter, Bylaws, Directors and Officers
.    Following
the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of the Company will be amended and restated in its entirety to contain the text of the certificate of incorporation of Purchaser in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, except the name of the
Surviving Corporation, which will continue to be Numerical Technologies, Inc., and, as so amended, will be the certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation, and the bylaws of Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, will be the bylaws of the surviving corporation and will be amended to reflect the fact that the name of the Surviving Corporation will be Numerical Technologies, Inc. The directors and officers of Purchaser immediately
prior to the Effective Time will be the initial directors and officers of the surviving corporation. 

Conversion of Shares.
    Each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than (a) any Shares owned by Synopsys or the Company or any of their respective wholly owned
subsidiaries, all of which will be cancelled without any consideration being exchanged therefor and (b) Shares held by stockholders who properly exercise dissenters rights under the DGCL, if any) will, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive in cash the Merger Consideration, without interest, upon surrender of the certificate representing such Shares. At the Effective Time, each share
of common stock of Purchaser, par value $0.001 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into and become one share
of common stock of the Surviving Corporation. 

The Merger Agreement provides that at the Effective Time, all of
the outstanding options or rights to acquire Shares (the 
Existing Stock Options
) granted under any stock option or similar plan of the Company (the 
Stock Option Plans
) or under any agreement to which the Company
or any of its subsidiaries is a party will be assumed by Synopsys and be converted into the right to purchase a number of shares of common stock of Synopsys, equal to the product of (a) the number of Shares subject to such Existing Stock Option
immediately prior to the Effective Time and (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Offer Price and the denominator of which is the average for the five trading-day period ending with the trading-day immediately preceding the date on
which the Effective Time occurs of the average of the high and low prices for trades in the common stock of Synopsys (the 
Option Conversion Ratio
). The per share exercise price for common stock of Synopsys issuable upon exercise
of each assumed stock option will also be adjusted to reflect the Option Conversion Ratio. 

The Merger Agreement
also provides that the Company will take all necessary actions to cause the exercise of outstanding purchase rights under the Companys 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP) no later than three business days prior to the
Effective Time and the cessation of any further purchase periods under the ESPP, conditioned upon the consummation of the Merger. The funds credited to each employee as of such exercise date shall be applied to purchase a whole number of shares in
accordance with the terms of ESPP. At the Effective Time, the holders of such shares shall be entitled to receive the Merger Consideration, upon surrender of the certificate of representing such Shares. 

Representations and Warranties
.    In the Merger Agreement, the Company has made customary representations and
warranties to Synopsys and Purchaser with respect to, among other matters, its organization and qualification, capitalization, authority, consents and approvals, public filings, financial statements, absence of any material adverse effect (as
defined below) on the Company since December 31, 2001, information to be included in this Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and any other ancillary documents related to the Offer (collectively, the 
Offer
Documents
) and in the Proxy Statement, brokers fees, employee benefit matters, insurance, undisclosed liabilities, litigation, tax matters, compliance with law, environmental matters, intellectual property, real property, certain
contracts, absence of certain questionable payments, related party transactions, inapplicability of state takeover statutes and the vote required by the Companys stockholders to approve the Merger. Each of Synopsys and Purchaser has made
customary representations and warranties to the Company with respect to, among other matters, its organization and qualification, authority, financial statements, availability of funds, information to be included in the Offer Documents and the Proxy
Statement and consents and approvals. 

As defined in the Merger Agreement and for purposes of the Offer,

Material Adverse Effect
 means any change, circumstance or effect that, individually or in the aggregate with all other changes, circumstances and effects, is or would be reasonably expected to be, materially adverse to (a) the
business, assets, properties, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of such entity and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) the ability of such party to the Merger Agreement to consummate the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement. However, clause (a) shall not include any change, circumstance or effect resulting from general changes in the industries in which either the Company and its subsidiaries or Synopsys and its subsidiaries operate, except those
changes, circumstances or effects that adversely affect, respectively, the Company and its subsidiaries or Synopsys and its subsidiaries, to a materially greater extent than they affect other entities operating in such industries, changes in general
economic conditions or changes in securities markets in general or effects of the public announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Failure by the Company to meet the financial performance expectations of
financial analysts for any quarter prior to the Effective Time shall not, in and of itself, be deemed to be a material adverse effect. 

Covenants
.    The Merger Agreement obligates the Company and its subsidiaries, from the date of the Merger Agreement to the date on which Purchaser first accepts Shares for payment pursuant to the
Offer, to conduct their operations only in the ordinary course of business. The Merger Agreement also contains specific restrictive covenants as to certain activities of the Company prior to the date on which Purchaser first accepts Shares for
payment pursuant to the Offer, which provide that the Company will not (and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to) take certain actions without the prior written consent of Synopsys, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, amending its charter or bylaws; issuing, selling or delivering any securities; splitting or reclassifying capital stock, declaring dividends or distributions or redeeming, repurchasing or acquiring any securities of any of its
subsidiaries; changing its corporate structure or ownership of any subsidiary; adopting a plan of merger or liquidation; incurring debt, assuming obligations of any other person, pledging shares or mortgaging properties; entering into, amending or
terminating any stock option or employee benefit plan, labor agreement, employment agreement or change-in-control agreement; accelerating the vesting of stock options or benefits; making material acquisitions or dispositions of assets; changing
accounting practices; materially revaluing assets; entering into or amending material contracts; authorizing new capital expenditures; altering tax elections or settling tax liabilities; paying or discharging material claims or liabilities; waiving
or modifying confidentiality or standstill agreements; settling any suit or claim relating to the transactions; entering into agreements that would limit the surviving corporation from engaging in any line of business or in any geographic area;
entering into a license or intellectual property agreement; entering into an agreement that contains any provision pursuant to which the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement could constitute a breach or result in a reduction in benefits
to the Company; engaging in a related party transaction; or agreeing to take any of the foregoing actions. 

The
Merger Agreement further obligates the Company to take such action that Synopsys reasonably requests and is necessary to redeem the Exchangeable Shares in accordance with the Memorandum of Association of Numerical Technologies Canada Inc. and to
make the redemption payment required by the Memorandum of Association. 

The Merger Agreement also obligates the
Company to use reasonable efforts to cause the shareholders of Numerical Technologies, Inc. (Taiwan) promptly to enter into an agreement with Synopsys to sell their shares of Numerical Technologies, Inc. (Taiwan), effective as of the Effective Time,
for one dollar per share to Synopsys. 

No Solicitation
.    In the Merger Agreement, the
Company has agreed not to solicit, initiate or encourage, or furnish non-public information in furtherance of, any inquiries or the making of any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below), or negotiate, engage in discussions or enter into any
agreement with any third party with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. The Company also agreed not to permit any of its subsidiaries or its or their respective officers, directors or employees to do any of the above-mentioned actions, and the
Company has agreed that it will not authorize any advisor or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to do any of the above-mentioned actions. 

However, if the Company receives an unsolicited bona fide Acquisition Proposal,
then the Company may, after giving Synopsys three business days advance written notice, furnish information with respect to the Company pursuant to a confidentiality agreement in reasonably customary form and containing terms at least as
stringent as the confidentiality agreement in place between Synopsys and the Company and engage in discussions and negotiations with the persons that made such proposal, but only if and to the extent the Board of Directors of the Company has
reasonably determined in good faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel, that such action may reasonably be expected to be necessary for it to comply with its fiduciary duties and believes in good faith that such Acquisition Proposal is a
Superior Proposal, as defined below. 

As defined in the Merger Agreement and for purposes of the Offer,

Acquisition Proposal
 means an inquiry, offer or proposal regarding (i) any merger, consolidation, share exchange, recapitalization, business combination or similar transaction with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as
applicable, whose individual or aggregate assets would constitute 40 percent or more of the consolidated assets of the Company; (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of 40 percent or more of the assets of
the Company and its subsidiaries in a single transaction or series of transactions; (iii) any tender or exchange offer for 40 percent or more of the outstanding the Company common shares, or the filing of a registration statement in relation to such
offer; or (iv) any public announcement of a proposal, plan or intention to do any of the foregoing or agreement to engage in the foregoing. 

As defined in the Merger Agreement and for purposes of the Offer, 
Superior Proposal
 means an Acquisition Proposal, if accepted, that the Board of Directors of the Company (a) has
reasonably determined in good faith is reasonably likely to be consummated taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and the person making the proposal, and (b) believes in good faith, after consulting
with an independent, nationally recognized financial advisor, would, if consummated, be reasonably likely to result in a transaction more favorable to the Companys stockholders from a financial point of view than the Offer and the Merger.

The Company also has agreed to notify Synopsys of any Acquisition Proposal or request for nonpublic information
by any person making or considering making an Acquisition Proposal, including the material terms of the request or proposal and the identity of the person making it, promptly, but in any event within 24 hours of receipt, and to thereafter promptly
inform Synopsys of any changes to the terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal. The Company has agreed to provide Synopsys a copy of any information regarding the Company delivered to such person which was not previously made available to
Synopsys. In addition, the Company has agreed to cease all activities, discussions or negotiations with respect to any possible Acquisition Proposal that existed at the time the Merger Agreement was signed. 

The Merger Agreement provides the Company will not withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to
Synopsys or Purchaser, the approval or recommendation of the Offer or the Merger, unless (i) the Company has complied with its obligations under the previous paragraphs of this section; (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company, after consultation
with outside legal counsel, determines in good faith that such action may reasonably expected to be necessary for the Board of Directors of the Company to comply with its fiduciary duties to the Companys stockholders under applicable law;
(iii) the Company shall have received an Acquisition Proposal and the Board of Directors of the Company reasonably determines in good faith, after consultation with an independent, nationally recognized financial advisor, that such Acquisition
Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal and (iv) the Company provided Synopsys with at least three business days prior written notice advising Synopsys that it intends to take such action. 

Commercially Reasonable Best Efforts
.    The Merger Agreement provides that subject to its terms and conditions, each of Synopsys, Purchaser and
the Company, agrees to use its commercially reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Each of Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company, agreed to make, as promptly as practicable, the required

submissions under the HSR Act with respect to the Offer, the Merger, the Stockholder Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company agreed to use
commercially reasonable best efforts to cooperate with one another in promptly supplying any information in connection therewith and to take all other actions consistent with the above, necessary to cause the expiration or termination of the
applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act as soon as practicable. Additionally, each of the Company and Synopsys agreed to use its commercially reasonable best efforts to cooperate with each other in connection with any filing or submission and
in connection with any investigation or inquiry, including any proceeding initiated by a private party, and to keep the other party informed of any material communications received by, or given to, the FTC, as defined below, the Antitrust Division,
as defined below, or any other governmental entity or in connection with any proceeding by a private party in each case, with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

The Merger Agreement also provides that in the event that any action or proceeding relating to the Merger Agreement or to the transactions contemplated thereby is
commenced, the parties agree to cooperate and use their commercially reasonable best efforts to resist such action or proceeding and to have vacated or lifted any order prohibiting or restricting the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement. 

Nothing in the Merger Agreement will limit a partys right to terminate the Merger Agreement so
long as such party has complied in all material respects with its obligations summarized in the preceding two paragraphs. 

Notwithstanding the previous three paragraphs of this subsection, nothing in the Merger Agreement will obligate Synopsys to enter into any hold-separate agreement or other agreement with respect to the disposition of any
assets or businesses in order to obtain clearance from the FTC or the Antitrust Division or any other antitrust or competition authorities to proceed with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, except to the
extent the assets or businesses consist solely of products and technologies of the Company and such assets would not be material to the operation of Synopsys and its subsidiaries taken as a whole following the Merger. 

Nothing in the Merger Agreement will obligate Synopsys to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement if a consent
obtained in connection with the Merger Agreement is conditioned upon any other restrictions being imposed upon, or the making of any material accommodation (financial or otherwise) in respect of the conduct of the business of the surviving
corporation or Synopsys and its subsidiaries, that would result in the abrogation or diminishment of any authority or license granted to Synopsys or the Company by a governmental entity, except to the extent such restriction applies solely to assets
or businesses of the Company and would not materially affect the operations of Synopsys and its subsidiaries taken as a whole following the Merger. 

The Company has agreed to use its commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain any consents from other parties to any material agreements that may be necessary or appropriate for the purposes of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Indemnification and
Insurance
.    In the Merger Agreement, Synopsys and Purchaser have agreed that all rights to indemnification existing in favor of the present or former directors or officers of the Company as provided in the Companys
certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other specified agreements as in effect at the date of the Merger Agreement with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time will survive the Merger and continue in full force and effect
indefinitely in accordance with their terms. 

The Merger Agreement further provides that Synopsys will cause to be
maintained in effect for a period of six years after the Effective Time, in respect of acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time, policies of directors and officers liability insurance for the benefit of the persons covered
at the Effective Time by the Companys existing directors and officers liability insurance policies and providing substantially similar coverage to such existing policies to the extent such insurance can be maintained at a total
cost of no more than

300 percent of the annual premiums of the Company for such insurance. The Merger Agreement further provides that Synopsys shall allow such directors and officers to supplement or increase the
coverage under any such policies at their own expense if such supplement or increase will not interfere with or adversely affect Synopsys maintenance of the Companys directors and officers liability insurance. 

Employee Matters
.    The Merger Agreement provides that as soon as practicable following the
Effective Time, those employees of the Company and its subsidiaries who will continue employment with Synopsys or the surviving corporation shall be eligible to participate in those benefit plans and programs maintained by Synopsys for similarly
situated employees of Synopsys generally (or in substantially similar programs), but explicitly excluding individual plans, programs, arrangements or agreements, on the same terms applicable to similarly situated employees of Synopsys. Each such
employee and eligible dependent who, at the Effective Time, was participating in an employee group health plan maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall not be excluded from Synopsys employee group health plan or limited in
coverage thereunder by reason of any waiting period restriction or pre-existing condition limitation that would not have excluded such claim under the applicable Company plan. 

The Merger Agreement also provides that Synopsys will cause service rendered by employees of the Company and its subsidiaries to be taken into account for vesting and
eligibility purposes under employee benefit plans of Synopsys, and the surviving corporation, to the same effect as such service was taken into account under the corresponding plans of the Company and its subsidiaries for those purposes and
employees will be given credit for co-payments, deductibles and co-insurance payments during the same plan year. 

Takeover Laws
.    The Company and Synopsys have agreed to use their commercially reasonable best efforts to ensure that the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement
may be consummated as promptly as practicable and otherwise use best efforts to eliminate or minimize the effects of any takeover statute. 

Notification of Certain Matters
.    The Company has agreed to give prompt notice to Synopsys of the occurrence of various events, including the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event that is
likely to cause any representation contained in the Merger Agreement to be untrue in any material respect if made as of any time at or prior to the Effective Time or to result in any material failure of such party to comply with or satisfy any
covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied under the Merger Agreement or any event that has had, or would reasonably be likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

Conditions to Consummation of the Merger
.    Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the respective obligations of
Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver, where permissible, prior to the proposed Effective Time, of the following conditions: (a) unless the Merger is consummated as a short-form
merger, the Merger Agreement shall have been adopted by the affirmative vote of the stockholders of the Company required by and in accordance with applicable law, (b) no law, order or regulation of any governmental entity shall be in effect that
restrains, enjoins or prevents consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and (c) Purchaser shall have accepted for purchase and paid for the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer. 

Termination
.    The Merger Agreement provides that it may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any
time (notwithstanding approval thereof by the stockholders of the Company) prior to the Effective Time: 

(a)  by mutual written consent of the Company and Synopsys; 

(b)  by Synopsys or the Company, if any law or order permanently restraining, enjoining or prohibiting any of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the provisions of the Stockholder Agreement relating to
the tender, non-withdrawal and voting of shares shall have become final and non-appealable; provided that the party seeking to terminate shall not have materially breached its obligations

under the Merger Agreement in any manner that contributed to the failure of the consummation of the Merger; 

(c)  by the Company, if (i) Purchaser fails to commence the Offer in violation of the terms of the Merger Agreement, (ii) Purchaser fails to
accept and pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer on or before August 31, 2003, or the Offer expires or terminates without Purchaser having purchased any Shares or (iii) Purchaser fails to purchase validly tendered Shares in violation of the
Merger Agreement; provided that the Company has no right to terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to clause (ii) if the failure to accept and pay for Shares or such expiration or termination of the Offer resulted from the Companys failure to
perform any of its obligations under the Merger Agreement or the Companys failure to comply in any material respects with its obligations, covenants or agreements under the Merger Agreement or any representation or warranty is not true and
correct under the relevant materiality standards provided in the Merger Agreement; 

(d)  by Synopsys, if, due to an occurrence or circumstance which would result in a failure to satisfy any of the conditions to the Offer, (i) Purchaser shall have not commenced the Offer within the time provided under the
Merger Agreement, (ii) subject to the provision of the Merger Agreement requiring extension of the Offer under certain circumstances, the Offer has terminated or expired in accordance with its terms without Purchaser purchasing any Shares pursuant
to the Offer or (iii) Purchaser has not accepted Shares pursuant to the Offer prior to August 31, 2003; provided that Synopsys has no right to terminate the Merger Agreement under clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of this subsection (d) if Synopsys
or Purchasers breach of the Merger Agreement was the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of any of the conditions to the Offer or the failure of Synopsys to have accepted Shares; and provided, further, that if the sole unsatisfied condition
to the Offer is the Companys failure to comply in any material respects with its obligations, covenants or agreements under the Merger Agreement or any representation or warranty is not true and correct under the relevant materiality standards
provided in the Merger Agreement, such termination may only be effected if the breach is not capable of being cured or, if capable of being cured, has not been cured within 15 days following receipt by the Company of written notice of such breach;

(e)  by the Company, prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, if all of
the following conditions are satisfied: (i) the Company has complied with its obligations referred to above under 
No Solicitation
, (ii) the Companys Board of Directors, after consultation with outside legal counsel,
determines in good faith that such action may reasonably be expected to be necessary for the Companys Board of Directors to comply with its fiduciary duties to the Companys stockholders under applicable Law, (iii) the Company shall have
received an Acquisition Proposal and the Companys Board of Directors reasonably determines in good faith, after consultation with an independent, nationally recognized financial advisor, that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior
Proposal, (iv) the Company has given Synopsys at least three business days advanced notice that it intends to take such action and (v) the Company concurrently with such termination pays Synopsys the Termination Fee (as described below); or

(f)  by Synopsys, prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, if the
Companys Board of Directors shall have withdrawn or modified its recommendation to the Companys stockholders regarding the Offer and the Merger, or if any person or group becomes the beneficial owner of a majority of the outstanding
Shares. 

Fees and Expenses
.    Except as provided below with respect to the Termination
Fee, whether or not the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Offer, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement will be paid by the party incurring such expenses other than
fees, costs and expenses of printing and mailing the Offer Documents and Schedule 14D-9, which shall be shared equally by the Company and Synopsys. 

In the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated under the circumstances described in subparagraph (e) or (f) under 
Termination
 above, the Company has agreed to pay Synopsys a
termination fee of $10 million (the 
Termination Fee
). The Company has also agreed to pay Synopsys the Termination Fee if the Merger

Agreement is terminated pursuant to subparagraphs (c)(ii) or (d) under 
Termination
 above (x) following a breach of the Companys representations, warranties or obligations
under the relevant materiality standards provided in the Merger Agreement or (y) as a result of any failure of the Minimum Tender Condition to be satisfied at any expiration of the Offer when all other Conditions to the Offer have been satisfied and
(A) prior to such termination it shall be publicly disclosed that an Acquisition Proposal has been made or any person shall have publicly announced an intention to make an Acquisition Proposal and (B) within twelve months thereafter the Company
enters into an agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or any Acquisition Proposal has been consummated. If Synopsys would be entitled to a Termination Fee under clause (x) of the preceding sentence, termination of the Merger Agreement
and collection of the Termination Fee would be the exclusive remedy of Synopsys and Purchaser in respect of any breach of the Companys representations, warranties or obligations. 

Amendment.
    The Merger Agreement may be amended by Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company, at any time before or after adoption of the Merger
Agreement by the stockholders of the Company but, after any such stockholder approval, no amendment may be made which decreases the Merger Consideration or which requires the approval of the stockholders of the Company under applicable law without
approval by the stockholders. 

Extension; Waiver.
    At any time prior to the Effective
Time, the parties may extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement by any other applicable party or
in any document, certificate or writing delivered pursuant to the Merger Agreement by any other applicable party or waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in the Merger Agreement by any other applicable party.

The Stockholder Agreement.    
Concurrently with the execution of and in order
to induce Synopsys and Purchaser to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Supporting Stockholders entered into the Stockholder Agreement with Synopsys. The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Stockholder Agreement. This summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Stockholder Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference and a copy, or form of which, has been filed with the Commission as an exhibit to the Schedule TO. The Stockholder Agreement may be
examined and copies may be obtained in the manner set forth in Section 8 under 
Available Information.

Tender of Shares
.    Each Supporting Stockholder has agreed to validly tender (or cause the record owner of such Shares to validly tender) and not to withdraw, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms
of the Offer, not later than the 20th business day after commencement of the Offer (and in the case of Shares acquired after the date of the Stockholder Agreement, not later than the later of the 20th business day after commencement of the Offer or
two business days after such acquisition), all Shares which are beneficially owned by such Supporting Stockholder as of the date of tender, including any Shares which such Supporting Stockholder acquires beneficial ownership of after the date of the
Stockholder Agreement and prior to the termination of the Stockholder Agreement (collectively, the 
Covered Shares
). 

Option
.    Pursuant to the Stockholder Agreement, each Supporting Stockholder has granted to Synopsys an irrevocable option (each, a 
Stockholder Option
) to purchase the Covered
Shares beneficially owned by such Supporting Stockholder at a price per Share equal to the Offer Price. Purchaser may exercise the Stockholder Option in whole or in part if (a) Purchaser has acquired Shares pursuant to the Offer and (b) such
Supporting Stockholder has not tendered into the Offer any Covered Shares or has withdrawn the tender of any Covered Shares into the Offer. Synopsys may exercise the Stockholder Option at any time within 60 days following the date the Stockholder
Option first becomes exercisable. 

Voting Agreement
.    Each Supporting Stockholder has
agreed, at any meeting of the stockholders of the Company, however called, or in connection with any written consent of the stockholders of the Company, to vote (or cause to be voted) all Covered Shares, (a) in favor of adopting the Merger Agreement
and any transactions

contemplated thereby, (b) against any proposal relating to an Acquisition Proposal and (c) against any proposal, action or agreement that would delay, prevent or frustrate the Offer and the
related transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Irrevocable Proxy
.    Each
Supporting Stockholder has irrevocably granted Purchaser and any of its designees the Supporting Stockholders irrevocable proxy to vote all of the Supporting Stockholders Covered Shares or grant a consent or approval in respect of the
Covered Shares to secure the performance of the duties of such Supporting Stockholder. 

Restriction on Transfer
of Covered Shares, Proxies and Noninterference
.    Each Supporting Stockholder has undertaken that such Supporting Stockholder will not offer to transfer, transfer or consent to any transfer of, any or all of the Covered
Shares or other shares over which he has voting and dispositive power, or any interest therein without the prior written consent of Purchaser or grant any proxy or power-of-attorney with respect to the Covered Shares, except that two of the
Supporting Stockholders, Messrs. Pati and Wang, are permitted under the Stockholder Agreement to transfer Covered Shares in accordance with their respective trading plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act prior to the date of
the Stockholder Agreement. 

No Solicitation
.    Each Supporting Stockholder has agreed,
solely in his capacity as a stockholder and not in any capacity as a director or officer of the Company, not to, and not to authorize or permit any of such Supporting Stockholders affiliates or representatives to, directly or indirectly,
solicit, initiate or encourage any inquiries or proposals from, discuss or negotiate with, or provide any non-public information to any person or group with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or otherwise facilitate any of the foregoing.

Restrictive Covenants
.    In connection with the Merger, during a period commencing on
the date of the purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer and ending on March 31, 2005, each of Messrs. Pati and Wang agreed not to: (a) for direct or indirect compensation, intentionally assist any entity that is engaged anywhere in the
world in the development, marketing and sales of software products and related services in, and the licensing of patents and other intellectual property relating to, reticle enhancement technology, lithography simulation-based IC design
verification, lithography simulation-based IC mask defect printability analysis, mask data preparation and cell layout creation and migration (the 
Company Business
) if such assistance relates to any aspect of the Company Business,
except to an operating unit of an entity where that unit is not engaged in the Company Business; (b) invest as a principal, partner, shareholder, member or otherwise, in any entity that is engaged anywhere in the world in the Company Business,
except for (i) investments made by venture capital funds or similar funds in which Mr. Pati or Mr. Wang is a passive investor or (ii) an investment in any entity which devotes and intends to devote less than ten percent of its resources to the
Company Business; (c) intentionally solicit or assist any other person or entity in soliciting any employee of the Company and its subsidiaries to perform services for any entity other than the Company and its subsidiaries, or attempt to induce
any such employee to leave the employ of the Company and its subsidiaries. In connection with the Merger, each of Messrs. Pati and Wang agreed not to disclose any confidential information with respect to the Company, Synopsys or their respective
subsidiaries or affiliates. 

Termination
.    The Stockholder Agreement will terminate
upon the date of the termination of the Merger Agreement without the Merger having been consummated. 

The
Confidentiality Agreement.    
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement, dated December 6, 2002, between the Company and Synopsys. This summary is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Confidentiality Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which Synopsys and Purchaser have filed with the Commission as an exhibit to the Schedule TO. The Confidentiality Agreement may be examined and
copies may be obtained in the manner set forth in Section 8 under 
Available Information.

Pursuant to the Confidentiality Agreement, Synopsys agreed: 



to treat confidentially all confidential information provided to Synopsys by the Company or its representatives concerning the Company except as required by law
and to use such information for no purpose other than to evaluate a possible transaction between Synopsys and the Company; 



not to disclose to any person other than Synopsys representatives any information about a potential transaction, including that discussions are taking
place between Synopsys and the Company concerning such potential transaction or the status thereof or that confidential information that has been provided to Synopsys; 



for a period of two years from the date of the Confidentiality Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Company or its Board of Directors, not to (1)
acquire or offer or agree to acquire any voting securities or direct or indirect rights to acquire any voting securities of the Company or its subsidiaries, or any asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (2) seek to control in any manner
(including proxy solicitation or otherwise) the management, Board of Directors or policies of the Company, (3) make any public announcement with respect to, or submit a proposal for, or offer of any extraordinary transaction involving the
Company or any of its securities or assets, (4) form, join or participate in a group as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act in connection with any of the above, (5) take any action that could reasonably be expected to
require the Company to make a public announcement regarding the possibility of any of the events described above or (6) request the Company or any of its representatives, to amend or waive any of the above provisions; provided that if the Company
publicly announces that it has entered into a definitive agreement to effect a transaction in which a change of control would occur, the restrictions set forth above shall not apply until the earlier of the consummation of such transaction or the
termination of the agreement providing for such transaction. 

Effects of Inability to
Consummate the Merger.    
If, following the consummation of the Offer, the Merger is not consummated for any reason (see 
The Merger Agreement

Conditions to Consummation of the
Merger

), Synopsys, which owns 100 percent of the common stock of Purchaser, indirectly will control the number of Shares acquired by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. Under the Merger Agreement, promptly following payment by
Purchaser for Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer or otherwise of such number of Shares as represents at least a majority of the outstanding Shares, and from time to time thereafter, subject to applicable law or rule of NASD Regulation, Inc., the
Company has agreed to take all actions necessary to cause at least a majority of the directors of the Company to consist of persons designated by Purchaser (see 
The Merger Agreement

Directors

). As a
result of its ownership of such Shares and right to designate nominees for election to the Board of Directors of the Company, Synopsys indirectly will be able to influence, and will likely be able to control, decisions of the Board of Directors of
the Company and the decisions of Purchaser as a stockholder of the Company. This concentration of influence in one stockholder may adversely affect the market value of the Shares. 

If Synopsys controls more than 50 percent of the outstanding Shares following the consummation of the Offer but the Merger is not consummated, stockholders of the Company,
other than those affiliated with Synopsys, will lack sufficient voting power to elect directors or to cause other actions to be taken which require majority approval. 

12.    Source and Amount of Funds 

Synopsys estimates that the total amount of funds required to purchase all outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger and to pay related fees and expenses will be approximately $276 million. Synopsys will provide
Purchaser with all such funds as a capital contribution or loan or combination thereof. Synopsys will provide the funds to Purchaser from cash or cash equivalents on hand. 

13.    Certain Conditions of the Offer 

Notwithstanding any other term of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, Purchaser shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to
any applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, including Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to Purchasers obligation to pay for or return tendered Shares promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer), to pay
for any Shares tendered in connection with the Offer and may terminate or, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, amend the Offer, unless prior to the Expiration Date (a) there shall be validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn
that number of Shares which, together with the number of Shares, if any, then owned beneficially by Synopsys or Purchaser (including by reason of the Stockholder Agreement), constitutes at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares
on a fully diluted basis (which shall mean, as of any time, the number of Shares outstanding, together with all Shares which the Company may be required to issue pursuant to any then outstanding warrants, options, benefit plans or obligations or
otherwise, whether or not vested or then exercisable) on the date Shares are accepted for payment, and (b) any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act or any other national merger control law or foreign investment regulation shall have expired
or been terminated. 

Additionally, notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, Purchaser shall not be
required to accept for payment or, subject as aforesaid, to pay for any Shares tendered in the Offer and may, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, amend the Offer if any of the following conditions exist: 

(a)  there shall have been any action taken by a governmental entity that would, or is reasonably likely,
directly or indirectly, to, (i) restrain, enjoin or otherwise prohibit any of the transactions contemplated by the Offer or the Merger Agreement, (ii) impose material limitations on the ability of Synopsys, Purchaser or any of their respective
subsidiaries or affiliates to acquire or hold, transfer or dispose of, or effectively to exercise all rights of ownership of, some or all of the Shares including the right to vote the Shares purchased by it pursuant to the Offer on an equal basis
with all other Shares on all matters properly presented to the stockholders of the Company, or (iii) require, or condition any approval on, the divestiture by Synopsys, Purchaser or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates of any Shares,
or require Purchaser, Synopsys, the Company, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates to take, or condition any approval on, any action referred to in the fourth paragraph under 
Commercially Reasonable Best Efforts
 in
Section 11
Purpose of the Offer and Plans for the Company; the Merger Agreement and Related AgreementsThe Merger Agreement
, except as expressly provided therein; 

(b)  there shall have been threatened (which threat shall not have been withdrawn) or there shall be pending,
any action, proceeding or counterclaim by or before any governmental entity, challenging the making or consummation of the Offer or the Merger or seeking, directly or indirectly, to result in any of the consequences referred to in clauses (i) to
(iii) of paragraph (a) above; 

(c)  there shall have occurred any change, circumstance
or effect that constitutes a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; 

(d)  the Company shall have breached or failed to perform or comply in any material respect with any of its obligations, covenants, or agreements under the Merger Agreement or any representation or warranty of the Company
contained in the Merger Agreement shall not be true and correct; provided that: 

(i)  all such representations and warranties shall be interpreted without giving effect to the words materially or material or to any qualification based on such terms or based on the defined term
Material Adverse Effect; 

(ii)  the representation and warranty relating to
capitalization shall be deemed untrue if it shall fail to be true and correct except to a de minimis extent; 

(iii)  any such representation or warranty (other than any representation or warranty referred to in clause (ii) above) shall be deemed untrue if such representation or warranty shall fail to be true and correct in all
respects except where the failure of all such representations and warranties to be true and correct has not had and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company; 

in each case at any scheduled expiration of the Offer (except for representations
and warranties made as of a specified date, which need be true as of the specified date); or 

(e)    the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to its terms or shall have been amended pursuant to its terms to provide for such termination or such amendment of the Offer; 

which, in the reasonable judgment of Synopsys or Purchaser, in any case, and regardless of the circumstances (including any action or inaction by
Synopsys or Purchaser or any of their affiliates) giving rise to any such condition, makes it inadvisable to proceed with the Offer or with acceptance for payment or payment for Shares. 

The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Synopsys and Purchaser and, regardless of the circumstances, may be asserted by Synopsys or Purchaser in whole or in
part at any applicable time or from time to time prior to the acceptance for payment of Shares, or (except for the Minimum Tender Condition) may be waived by Synopsys or Purchaser in its discretion in whole or in part at any applicable time or from
time to time, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission. The failure of Synopsys or Purchaser at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be
deemed a waiver of any such right and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and from time to time. Any determination by Synopsys or Purchaser concerning the events described above will be final and binding
on all parties. 

14.    Dividends and Distributions 

The Merger Agreement provides that from the date of the Merger Agreement to the date on which Purchaser first accepts Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer, the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to, without the prior written consent of Synopsys, declare, set aside or pay any dividends or other distributions (whether in cash, stock, property or any combination thereof) in respect of its
capital stock (see Section 11
Purpose of the Offer and Plans for the Company; the Merger Agreement and Related AgreementsThe Merger Agreement

Covenants

). 

Notwithstanding the above, if on or after the date of the Merger Agreement, the Company (a) splits, combines or otherwise changes the
Shares or its capitalization, (b) acquires Shares or otherwise causes a reduction in the number of Shares, (c) issues or sells additional Shares (other than the issuance of Shares reserved for issuance as of the date of the Merger Agreement under
option and employee stock purchase plans or with respect to the Exchangeable Shares in accordance with their terms as publicly disclosed as of the date of the Merger Agreement) or any shares of any other class of capital stock, other voting
securities or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or rights, warrants or options, conditional or otherwise, to acquire, any of the foregoing or (d) discloses that it has taken such action, then, without prejudice to Purchasers
rights under Section 13 and the Merger Agreement, Purchaser, in its sole discretion, may make such adjustments in the Offer Price and other terms of the Offer as it deems appropriate to reflect such split, combination or other change or action,
including without limitation, the Minimum Tender Condition or the number or type of securities offered to be purchased. 

15.    Certain Legal Matters 

General.    
Except as otherwise set forth in this Offer to Purchase, based on Synopsys and Purchasers review of publicly available filings by the Company with the Commission and other
information regarding the Company, Synopsys and Purchaser are not aware of any licenses or other regulatory permits which appear to be material to the business of the Company and which might be adversely affected by the acquisition of Shares by
Purchaser or Synopsys pursuant to the Offer or the Merger or of any approval or other action by any governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or authority which would be required for the acquisition or ownership of Shares by Purchaser or
Synopsys pursuant to the Offer or the Merger. In addition, Synopsys and Purchaser are not aware of any filings, approvals or other actions by or with any governmental authority or administrative or regulatory agency that would be required for
Synopsys and Purchasers acquisition or ownership of the Shares. Should any such approval or other action be required, Synopsys and Purchaser currently

expect that such approval or action, except as described below under 
State Takeover Laws,
 would be sought or taken. There can be no assurance that any such approval or
action, if needed, would be obtained or, if obtained, that it will be obtained without substantial conditions or that adverse consequences might not result to the Companys or Synopsys business or that certain parts of the Companys
or Synopsys business might not have to be disposed of or held separate in the event that such approvals were not obtained or such other actions were not taken. Purchasers obligation under the Offer to accept for payment and pay for
Shares is subject to certain conditions. See Section 13. 

Antitrust
Compliance.
    Under the HSR Act, and the related rules and regulations that have been issued by the Federal Trade Commission (the 
FTC
), certain acquisition transactions may not be consummated until
certain information and documentary material (
Premerger Notification and Report Forms
) have been furnished to the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the
 Antitrust Division
) and certain
waiting period requirements have been satisfied. These requirements of the HSR Act apply to the acquisition of Shares in the Offer and the Merger. 

Under the HSR Act, the purchase of Shares in the Offer may not be completed until the expiration of a 15-calendar-day waiting period following the filing by Synopsys of a Premerger Notification and
Report Form concerning the Offer with the FTC and the Antitrust Division, unless the waiting period is earlier terminated by the FTC and the Antitrust Division. Synopsys filed a Premerger Notification and Report Form with the FTC and the Antitrust
Division in connection with the purchase of Shares in the Offer and the Merger on January 21, 2003, and, therefore, the required waiting period with respect to the Offer and the Merger will expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on
February 5, 2003, unless earlier terminated by the FTC and the Antitrust Division or Synopsys and Purchaser receive a request for additional information or documentary material (a 
Second Request
) prior to that time. If within the
15-calendar-day waiting period either the FTC or the Antitrust Division issues a Second Request to Synopsys or Purchaser, the waiting period with respect to the Offer and the Merger would be extended for an additional period of ten calendar days
following the date of substantial compliance by Synopsys and Purchaser with that request. Only one extension of the waiting period pursuant to a request for additional information is authorized by the HSR Act and the rules promulgated thereunder.
After that time, the waiting period could be extended only by a court order or with Synopsys and Purchasers consent. The FTC or the Antitrust Division may terminate the additional ten-calendar-day waiting period before its expiration. In
practice, complying with a Second Request can take a significant period of time. The Company filed its own Premerger Notification and Report Form with the FTC and the Antitrust Division in connection with the Offer on January 22, 2003, and could
possibly receive a Second Request from either the FTC or the Antitrust Division, failure by the Company to comply with an applicable Second Request will not extend the waiting period with respect to the purchase of Shares in the Offer. The Merger
will not require an additional filing under the HSR Act if Purchaser owns at least 50 percent of the outstanding Shares at the time of the Merger or if the Merger occurs within one year after the HSR Act waiting period applicable to the Offer
expires or is terminated. 

The FTC and the Antitrust Division frequently scrutinize the legality under the
antitrust laws of transactions such as Purchasers proposed acquisition of the Company. At any time before or after Purchasers purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action under the
antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger or seeking the divestiture of Shares acquired by Purchaser or the divestiture of
substantial assets of Synopsys or its subsidiaries, or of the Company or its subsidiaries. Private parties and state governments may also bring legal action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances. While Synopsys believes that
consummation of the Offer would not violate any antitrust laws, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if a challenge is made, what the result will be. If any such action is threatened or
commenced by the FTC, the Antitrust Division or any state or any other person, Purchaser may not be obligated to consummate the Offer. See Section 13. 

Foreign Laws.    
The Company and Synopsys and certain of their respective subsidiaries conduct business in several foreign countries where regulatory filings or
approvals may be required or desirable in connection with

the consummation of the Offer. Synopsys expects to make a joint filing on behalf of Synopsys and the Company in Germany which would commence a one-month waiting period and, therefore, could delay
consummation of the Offer. Synopsys and the Company are also analyzing the applicability of such laws in other countries and currently intend to take such action as may be required or desirable. If any foreign governmental entity takes any action
prior to the completion of the Offer that might have certain adverse effects, Purchaser will not be obligated to accept for payment or pay for any Shares tendered. See Section 13.

Stockholder Approval.    
The Company has represented in the Merger Agreement that the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement have been duly and validly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize the Merger Agreement or to
consummate the transactions so contemplated, other than, with respect to the Merger, the approval of the plan of merger (as such term is used in the DGCL) contained in the Merger Agreement by the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
Shares prior to the consummation of the Merger (unless the Merger is consummated pursuant to the short-form merger provisions). According to the Companys certificate of incorporation, the Shares are the only securities of the Company which
entitle the holders thereof to voting rights. If following the purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, Purchaser and its affiliates own more than a majority of the outstanding Shares, Purchaser will be able to effect the Merger
without the affirmative vote of any other stockholder of the Company. 

Short-Form
Merger.    
The DGCL provides that if a parent company owns at least 90 percent of each class of stock of a subsidiary, the parent company can effect a short-form merger with that subsidiary without the action of the other
stockholders of the subsidiary. Accordingly, if as a result of the Offer or otherwise Purchaser acquires or controls the voting power of at least 90 percent of the Shares, Synopsys would be obligated in the Merger Agreement (subject to the
conditions to its obligations to effect the Merger contained in the Merger Agreement), to effect the Merger without prior notice to, or any action by, any other stockholder of the Company if permitted to do so under the DGCL. Even if Synopsys and
Purchaser do not own 90 percent of the outstanding Shares following consummation of the Offer, Synopsys and Purchaser could seek to purchase additional Shares in the open market, from the Company or otherwise in order to reach the 90 percent
threshold and effect a short-form merger. The consideration per Share paid for any Shares so acquired could be greater or less than that paid in the Offer. 

State Takeover Laws.    
A number of states (including Delaware, where the Company is incorporated) have adopted takeover laws and regulations which purport, to varying
degrees, to be applicable to attempts to acquire securities of corporations which are incorporated in such states or which have substantial assets, stockholders, principal executive offices or principal places of business therein. To the extent that
certain provisions of certain of these state takeover statutes purport to apply to the Offer or the Merger, Purchaser believes that such laws conflict with federal law and constitute an unconstitutional burden on interstate commerce. 

Section 203 of the DGCL prevents certain business combinations with an interested stockholder
(generally, any person who owns or has the right to acquire 15 percent or more of a corporations outstanding voting stock) for a period of three years following the time such person became an interested stockholder, unless, among other things,
prior to the time the interested stockholder became such, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction in which the interested stockholder became such. The Board of Directors of the Company
has irrevocably taken all necessary steps to approve Synopsys and Purchaser becoming interested stockholders within the meaning of Section 203 of the DGCL and causing Section 203 to be inapplicable to Synopsys and Purchaser and to the
Merger, the Stockholder Agreement and the acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Stockholder Agreement. 

Purchaser has not attempted to comply with any other state takeover statutes in connection with the Offer or the Merger, and the Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a resolution exempting, to the fullest extent

permitted by applicable law, the Merger Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby from any state takeover statutes other than Delaware takeover statutes
that purport to apply to the Merger Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement and the transaction contemplated thereby. Purchaser reserves the right to challenge the validity or applicability of any state law allegedly applicable to the Offer, the
Merger or the Stockholder Agreement, and nothing in this Offer to Purchase nor any action taken in connection herewith is intended as a waiver of that right. In the event that it is asserted that one or more takeover statutes apply to the Offer, the
Merger or the Stockholder Agreement, and it is not determined by an appropriate court that such statute or statutes do not apply or are invalid as applied to the Offer, the Merger or the Stockholder Agreement, as applicable, Purchaser may be
required to file certain documents with, or receive approvals from, the relevant state authorities, and Purchaser might be unable to accept for payment or purchase Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer or be delayed in continuing or consummating the
Offer. In such case, Purchaser may not be obligated to accept for purchase, or pay for, any Shares tendered. See Section 13. 

Appraisal Rights.    
No appraisal rights are available in connection with the Offer. However, if the Merger is consummated, persons who are then stockholders of the Company will have certain rights
under Section 262 of the DGCL to dissent and demand appraisal of, and payment in cash of the fair value of, their Shares. Such rights, if the statutory procedures were complied with, could lead to a judicial determination of the fair value
(excluding any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger) required to be paid in cash to such dissenting stockholders for their Shares. Any such judicial determination of the fair value of Shares could be based
upon considerations other than, or in addition to, the price paid in the Offer and the Merger and the market value of the Shares, including asset values and the investment value of the Shares. The value so determined could be more or less than the
purchase price per Share pursuant to the Offer or the consideration per Share to be paid in the Merger. 

In
addition, several decisions by Delaware courts have held that, in certain instances, a controlling stockholder of a corporation involved in a merger has a fiduciary duty to the other stockholders to ensure that the merger is fair to such other
stockholders. In determining whether a merger is fair to minority stockholders, the Delaware courts have considered, among other things, the type and amount of consideration to be received by the stockholders and whether there were fair dealings
among the parties. Although the remedies of rescission or other damages are possible in an action challenging a merger as a breach of fiduciary duty, decisions of the Delaware courts have indicated that in most cases the remedy available in a merger
that is found not to be fair to minority stockholders is a damages remedy based on essentially the same principles as an appraisal unless the controlling stockholder used coercion or fraud to induce the merger.

The foregoing summary of the rights of dissenting stockholders under the DGCL does not purport to be a complete statement of
the procedures to be followed by stockholders desiring to exercise any appraisal rights under the DGCL. The preservation and exercise of appraisal rights require strict adherence to the applicable provisions of the DGCL which will be set forth in
their entirety in the proxy statement or information statement for the Merger, unless the Merger is effected as a short-form merger, in which case they will be set forth in the notice of merger. 

Going Private Transactions.    
Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act is applicable to certain
going private transactions and may under certain circumstances be applicable to the Merger. However, Rule 13e-3 will be inapplicable if (a) the Shares are deregistered under the Exchange Act prior to the Merger or another business
combination or (b) the Merger or other business combination is consummated within one year after the purchase of the Shares pursuant to the Offer and the amount paid per Share in the Merger or other business combination is at least equal to the
amount paid per Share in the Offer. Neither Synopsys nor Purchaser believes that Rule 13e-3 will be applicable to the Merger. 

Pending Litigation.    
On January 14, 2003, a complaint entitled Huff v. Numerical Technologies, Inc., CV814010, was filed in the Superior Court for Santa Clara County, California. The lawsuit, which
names the Company and certain current and former members of the Board of Directors of the Company as defendants,

purports to be brought as a class action on behalf of the holders of Shares. The lawsuit alleges, among other things, that the Companys directors breached their fiduciary duties by
approving the terms of the proposed acquisition of the Companys stock by Synopsys. The lawsuit seeks an injunction preventing the closing of the acquisition, along with other injunctive relief. On January 15, 2003, the Company issued a press
release announcing that it believes the lawsuit is without merit and that it intends to vigorously contest it.

16.    Fees and Expenses 

Purchaser has retained the Depositary and the
Information Agent in connection with the Offer. Purchaser will pay each of the Depositary and the Information Agent customary compensation, reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and Purchaser will also agree to indemnify such parties
against certain liabilities in connection with the Offer, including liabilities under the federal securities laws. 

The Information Agent may contact holders of Shares by personal interview, mail, electronic mail, telephone, telex, telegraph and other methods of electronic communication and may request brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust
companies and other nominees to forward the Offer materials to beneficial holders of Shares. 

Except as set forth
above, Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. Brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies will upon request be reimbursed by Purchaser
for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding the offering material to their customers. 

17.    Miscellaneous 

The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders
be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. However, Purchaser may, in its sole discretion, take
such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in any such jurisdiction and extend the Offer to holders of Shares in such jurisdiction. 

Neither Purchaser nor Synopsys is aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance of Shares in connection therewith would not be in compliance with the laws of such
jurisdiction. 

Purchaser and Synopsys have filed with the Commission the Schedule TO (including exhibits) in
accordance with the Exchange Act, furnishing certain additional information with respect to the Offer and may file amendments thereto. The Schedule TO and any amendments thereto, including exhibits, may be examined and copies may be obtained from
the Commission in the manner set forth in Section 8 under 
Available Information.

No
person has been authorized to give any information or make any representation on behalf of Synopsys or Purchaser not contained in this Offer to Purchase or in the Letter of Transmittal and, if given or made, such information or representation must
not be relied upon as having been authorized. Neither delivery of this Offer to Purchase nor any purchase pursuant to the Offer will, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Synopsys,
Purchaser, the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries since the date as of which information is furnished or the date of this Offer to Purchase. 

NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

January 23, 2003 

SCHEDULE A 

INFORMATION CONCERNING MEMBERS OF THE BOARDS OF DIRECTORS AND THE EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF SYNOPSYS AND PURCHASER 

SYNOPSYS, INC. 

Set forth below are
the name, business address and current principal occupation or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employment for the past five years of each director and executive officer of Synopsys. Unless otherwise indicated, the
business address of each such person is 700 East Middlefield Road, Mountain View, California 94043. Unless otherwise indicated, each such person is a citizen of the United States. 

Name and Position

Current Principal Occupation or Employment;

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Aart J. de Geus

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Dr. Aart J. de Geus co-founded Synopsys and currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Since the inception of
Synopsys in December 1986, he has held a variety of positions including Senior Vice President of Engineering and Senior Vice President of Marketing. From 1986 to 1992, Dr. de Geus served as Chairman of the Board. He served as President
from 1992 to 1998. Dr. de Geus has served as Chief Executive Officer since January 1994 and has held the additional title of Chairman of the Board since February 1998. He has served as a Director since 1986. From 1982 to 1986, Dr. de Geus was
employed by General Electric Corporation, where he was the Manager of the Advanced Computer-Aided Engineering Group. Dr. de Geus holds an M.S.E.E. from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne, Switzerland and a Ph.D. in electrical
engineering from Southern Methodist University.

Chi-Foon Chan

President, Chief Operating Officer and Director

Dr. Chi-Foon Chan joined Synopsys as Vice President of Application Engineering & Services in May 1990. Since April 1997 he has served as Chief Operating
Officer and since February 1998 he has held the additional title of President. Dr. Chan also became a Director of Synopsys in February 1998. From September 1996 to February 1998 he served as Executive Vice President, Office of the President. From
February 1994 until April 1997 he served as Senior Vice President, Design Tools Group and from October 1996 until April 1997 as Acting Senior Vice President, Design Reuse Group. Additionally, he has held the titles of Vice President, Engineering and
General Manager, DesignWare Operations and Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field Organization. From March 1987 to May 1990, Dr. Chan was employed by NEC Electronics, where his last position was General Manager, Microprocessor Division. From 1977 to
1987, Dr. Chan held a number of senior engineering positions at Intel Corporation. Dr. Chan holds an M.S. and Ph.D. in computer engineering from Case Western Reserve University.

A-1 

Name and Position

Current Principal Occupation or Employment;

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Vicki L. Andrews

Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales

Vicki L. Andrews joined Synopsys in May 1993 and currently serves as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales. Before holding that position, she served in a
number of senior sales roles at Synopsys, including Vice President, Global and Strategic Sales, Vice President, North America Sales and Director, Western United States Sales. She has more than 18 years of experience in the EDA industry.
Ms. Andrews holds a B.S. in biology and chemistry from the University of Miami.

Steven K. Shevick

Chief Financial Officer

Steven K. Shevick joined Synopsys in July 1995 and currently serves as Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and as the Company
Secretary. Mr. Shevick was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in January 2003. From October 1999 to January 2003, he was Vice President, Investor Relations and Legal, and Secretary. From March 1998 to October 1999, he was
Vice President, Legal, General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary. From July 1995 to March 1998 he served as Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary. Mr. Shevick holds an A.B. from Harvard College and a J.D. from
Georgetown University Law Center.

Andy D. Bryant

Director

Andy D. Bryant has been a Director of Synopsys since January 1999 and currently serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Enterprise
Services Officer of Intel Corporation, with responsibility for financial operations, human resources, information technology and e-business functions and activities worldwide. Mr. Bryant joined Intel in 1981 as Controller for the Commercial
Memory Systems Operation and in 1983 became Systems Group Controller. In 1987, he was promoted to Director of Finance for the corporation and was appointed Vice President and Director of Finance of the Intel Products Group in 1990. Mr. Bryant became
CFO in February of 1994 and was promoted to Senior Vice President in January 1999. Mr. Bryant expanded his role to Chief Financial and Enterprise Services Officer in December 1999. He was promoted to Executive Vice President in January 2001. Prior
to joining Intel, he held positions in finance at Ford Motor Company and Chrysler Corporation. Mr. Bryant holds a B.A. in economics from the University of Missouri and an M.B.A. in finance from the University of Kansas. Mr. Bryant is also a director
of Convera Corporation, a provider of content management solutions.

A-2 

Name and Position

Current Principal Occupation or Employment;

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Deborah A. Coleman

Director

Deborah A. Coleman has been a Director of Synopsys since November 1995. Ms. Coleman is co-founder and currently General Partner of SmartForest Ventures in
Portland, Oregon. Ms. Coleman was Chairman of the Board of Merix Corporation, a manufacturer of printed circuit boards, from May 1994, when it was spun off from Tektronix, Inc., until September 2001. She also served as Chief Executive Officer of
Merix from May 1994 to September 1999 and as President from March 1997 to September 1999. Ms. Coleman joined Merix from Tektronix, a diversified electronics corporation, where she served as Vice President of Materials Operations, responsible for
worldwide procurement, distribution, component engineering and component manufacturing operation. Prior to joining Tektronix in November 1992, Ms. Coleman was with Apple Computer, Inc. for eleven years, where she held several executive positions,
including Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer and Vice President of Operations. She is also a Director of Applied Materials, Inc., a manufacturer of semiconductor fabrication equipment.

Bruce R. Chizen

Director

Bruce R. Chizen has been a Director of Synopsys since April 2001. Mr. Chizen has served as President of Adobe Systems Incorporated, a provider of graphic
design, publishing and imaging software for Web and print production, since April 2000 and as Chief Executive Officer since December 2000. He joined Adobe Systems in August 1994 as Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Products Division and
in December 1997 became Senior Vice President and General Manager, Graphics Products Division. In August 1998, Mr. Chizen was promoted to Executive Vice President, Products and Marketing. From November 1992 to February 1994, he was Vice
President and General Manager, Claris Clear Choice for Claris Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Apple Computer. He is also a Director of Adobe Systems Incorporated and Viewpoint Corporation, a provider of advanced 3D product visualization and
marketing solutions.

A-3 

Name and Position

Current Principal Occupation or Employment;

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

A. Richard Newton

Director

Dr. A. Richard Newton has been a Director of Synopsys since January 1995. Previously, Dr. Newton was a Director of Synopsys from January 1987 to June 1991.
Dr. Newton has been a Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences at the University of California at Berkeley since 1979 and is currently Dean of the College of Engineering. From July 1999 to June 2000, Dr. Newton was Chair of the
Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences Department. Since 1988, Dr. Newton has acted as a Venture Partner with Mayfield Fund, a venture capital partnership, and has contributed to the evaluation and development of over two dozen new companies.
From November 1994 to July 1995, he was acting President and Chief Executive Officer of Silicon Light Machines, a private company which has developed display systems based on the application of micromachined silicon light-valves. Dr. Newton is also
a Director of Simplex Solutions, Inc., which provides software and services for integrated circuit design and verification. Dr. Newton is a citizen of Australia.

Sasson Somekh

Director

Dr. Sasson Somekh has been a Director of Synopsys since January 1999. He is Executive Vice President of Applied Materials, Inc., a manufacturer of
semiconductor fabrication equipment. From December 1993 to November 2000, Dr. Somekh served as Senior Vice President. Dr. Somekh served as Group Vice President from 1990 to 1993. Prior to that, he was a divisional Vice President. Dr. Somekh
joined Applied Materials in 1980 as a Project Manager.

Steven C. Walske

Director

Steven C. Walske has been a Director of Synopsys since December 1991. Mr. Walske has been Chief Business Strategist of Parametric Technology Corporation, a
supplier of software products for mechanical computer aided engineering, since June 2000 and served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and a Director from August 1994 until June 2000. From December 1986 to August 1994, Mr. Walske served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of that company.

A-4 

NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Set forth below are the name, business address and current principal occupation or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employment for the past
five years of each director and executive officer of Purchaser. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each such person is 700 East Middlefield Road, Mountain View, California 94043. Unless otherwise indicated, each such person is a
citizen of the United States and has held his or her present position as set forth below since or subsequent to Purchasers incorporation. 

Steven K. Shevick

Sole member, Board of Directors and President

Steven K. Shevick joined Synopsys in July 1995 and currently serves as Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and as the Company
Secretary. Mr. Shevick was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in January 2003. From October 1999 to January 2003, he was Vice President, Investor Relations and Legal, and Secretary. From March 1998 to October 1999, he was
Vice President, Legal, General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary. From July 1995 to March 1998 he served as Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary. Mr. Shevick holds an A.B. from Harvard College and a J.D. from
Georgetown University Law Center. 

Lars Larsen

Treasurer and Secretary

Lars Larsen joined Synopsys in June 2000 and currently serves as Vice President and Treasurer, a position he has held since June 2000. From June 1992 until
November 1999, Mr. Larsen served as Vice President and Treasurer of Raychem Corporation, a manufacturer of electronic products.

Richard Rowley

Vice President and Assistant Treasurer

Richard Rowley joined Synopsys in November 1996 and currently serves as Vice President and Corporate Controller, a position he has held since August 1999. From
November 1998 until August 1999, Mr. Rowley was Assistant Corporate Controller. Prior to that, Mr. Rowley served as a Director, Corporate Reporting and Planning.

A-5 

Facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal will be accepted. The Letter of
Transmittal, certificates for the Shares any other required documents should be sent by each stockholder of the Company or such stockholders broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to the Depositary as follows:

The Depositary for the Offer Is: 

By Mail:

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Hand or Overnight Courier:

Computershare Trust Company

of New York

Wall Street Station

P.O. Box 1010

New York, NY 10268-1010

For Eligible Institutions Only:

(212)
701-7636

For Confirmation Only Telephone: (212) 701-7624

Computershare Trust Company

of New
York

Wall Street Plaza

88 Pine Street, 19th Floor

New York, NY 10005

Any questions or requests for assistance or additional copies of
the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal may be directed to the Information Agent at its telephone number and location listed below. You may also contact your broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company or other nominee for
assistance concerning the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is: 

D. F. King & Co., Inc. 

77 Water Street 

New York, NY 10005 

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550 

All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 628-8532 

EX-99.(A)(1)(B)

dex99a1b.htm

FORM OF LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

Form of Letter of Transmittal

Exhibit (a)(1)(B) 

THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION 

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL 

To Tender 

Shares of Common Stock 

of 

NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

at 

$7.00 Net Per Share 

Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase dated January 23, 2003 

by

NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

a wholly owned subsidiary of 

SYNOPSYS, INC. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 2003, UNLESS
THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

The Depositary for the Offer is: 

By Mail:

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Hand or Overnight Courier:

Computershare Trust Company

of
New York

For Eligible Institutions Only:

(212) 701-7636

Computershare Trust Company

of
New York

Wall Street Station

P.O. Box

New York, NY 10268-1010

For Confirmation Only Telephone:

(212) 701-7624

Wall Street Plaza

88 Pine Street, 19th
Floor

New York, NY 10005

Delivery of this Letter of Transmittal to an address other than
as set forth above or transmission of instructions via facsimile to a number other than as set forth above will not constitute a valid delivery. You must sign this Letter of Transmittal where indicated below and, if you are a U.S. Holder, complete
the substitute Form W-9 accompanying this Letter of Transmittal. If you are a non-U.S. Holder, you must obtain and complete a Form W-8BEN or other Form W-8, as applicable. 

DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED

Name(s) and Address(es) of Registered Owner(s)

(If blank, please fill in exactly as name(s) appear(s) on share certificate(s))

Shares Tendered

(Attach
additional list if necessary)

Share Certificate

Number(s)*

Total Number of

Shares Represented

by Share

Certificate(s)*

Number of Shares

Tendered**

Total Shares

  *  Need not be completed by book-entry stockholders.

**  Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Numerical Technologies, Inc. common shares represented by certificates described
above are being tendered hereby. See Instruction 4.

PLEASE READ THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CAREFULLY
BEFORE COMPLETING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL. 

You have received this Letter of Transmittal in connection with
the offer of Neon Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation, to purchase all outstanding shares of Numerical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Numerical
Technologies
), for $7.00 per share, net to the tendering stockholder in cash, without interest thereon and less any required withholding taxes, as described in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003. 

You should use this Letter of Transmittal to deliver to the Depositary Numerical Technologies common shares represented by stock
certificates for tender. If you are delivering your Numerical Technologies common shares by book-entry transfer to an account maintained by the Depositary at The Depository Trust Company (
DTC
), you may use this Letter of
Transmittal or you may use an agents message (as defined in Instruction 2 below). In this document, stockholders who deliver certificates representing their Numerical Technologies common shares are referred to as 
Certificate
Stockholders
. Stockholders who deliver their Numerical Technologies common shares through book-entry transfer are referred to as 
Book-Entry
 Stockholders
. 

If certificates for your Numerical Technologies common shares are not immediately available or you cannot deliver your certificates and all other required documents to the
Depositary on or prior to the expiration date of the Offer (as defined below), or you cannot comply with the book-entry transfer procedures on a timely basis, you may nevertheless tender your Numerical Technologies common shares according to the
guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction 2. The term 
expiration date
 means 12:00 midnight, New York City time on Thursday, February 20, 2003, or if the Offer is extended, the
latest time and date at which the Offer, as extended, will expire. 
Delivery of documents to DTC will not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

 

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO THE ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE DEPOSITARY WITH DTC AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING
(ONLY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ARE PARTICIPANTS IN DTC MAY DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER):

Name of Tendering Institution 

DTC Participant Number 

Transaction Code Number 

 

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING.
PLEASE ENCLOSE A PHOTOCOPY OF SUCH NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY.

Name(s) of Registered Owner(s) 

Window Ticket Number (if any) or DTC Participant Number 

Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery 

Name of Institution which Guaranteed Delivery 

NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW 

PLEASE READ THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned hereby tenders to Neon Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(
Purchaser
) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Synopsys
), the above-described shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the 
Shares
), of
Numerical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company
), pursuant to the Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003 (the 
Offer to Purchase
), at a price of $7.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash,
without interest thereon and less any required withholding taxes, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and this Letter of Transmittal (which, together with the Offer
to Purchase, as amended or supplemented from time to time, collectively constitute the 
Offer
). The undersigned understands that Purchaser reserves the right to transfer or assign, from time to time, in whole or in part, to one or
more of its affiliates, the right to purchase the Shares tendered herewith. 

On the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of such extension or amendment), subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment and payment for the Shares validly tendered herewith in
accordance with the terms of the Offer, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the order of, Purchaser, all right, title and interest in and to all of the Shares being tendered hereby and any and all cash dividends,
distributions, rights, other Shares or other securities issued or issuable in respect of such Shares on or after January 12, 2003 (collectively, 
Distributions
). In addition, the undersigned irrevocably appoints Computershare Trust
Company of New York (the 
Depositary
) the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the undersigned with respect to such Shares and any Distributions with full power of substitution (such power of attorney being deemed to be an
irrevocable power coupled with an interest) to the fullest extent of such stockholders rights with respect to such Shares and any Distributions (a) to deliver certificates representing Shares (
Share Certificates
) and any
Distributions, or transfer ownership of such Shares and any Distributions on the account books maintained by DTC, together, in either such case, with all accompanying evidence of transfer and authenticity, to or upon the order of Purchaser, (b) to
present such Shares and any Distributions for transfer on the books of the Company and (c) to receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such Shares and any Distributions, all in accordance with the terms and
subject to the conditions of the Offer. 

The undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints each of the designees of
Purchaser the attorneys-in-fact and proxies of the undersigned, each with full power of substitution, to the full extent of such stockholders rights with respect to the Shares tendered hereby which have been accepted for payment and with
respect to any Distributions. The designees of Purchaser will, with respect to the Shares and any associated Distributions for which the appointment is effective, be empowered to exercise all voting and any other rights of such stockholder, as they,
in their sole discretion, may deem proper at any annual, special, adjourned or postponed meeting of the Companys stockholders, by written consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise. This proxy and power of attorney shall be irrevocable
and coupled with an interest in the tendered Shares. Such appointment is effective when, and only to the extent that, Purchaser accepts the Shares tendered with this letter of transmittal for payment pursuant to the Offer. Upon the effectiveness of
such appointment, without further action, all prior powers of attorney, proxies and consents given by the undersigned with respect to such Shares and any associated Distributions will be revoked and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies,
consents or revocations may be given (and, if given, will not be deemed effective). Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon Purchasers acceptance for payment of such
Shares, Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights, to the extent permitted under applicable law, with respect to such Shares and any associated Distributions, including voting at any meeting of stockholders or
executing a written consent concerning any matter. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that, except in
the case of Shares acquired under the Companys stock option plans that are subject to transfer restrictions in favor of the Company, the undersigned has full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares and any
Distributions tendered hereby and, when the same are

accepted for payment by Purchaser, Purchaser will acquire good, marketable and unencumbered title thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, charges and encumbrances and the same will
not be subject to any adverse claim. The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned is the registered owner of the Shares or the Share Certificate(s) have been endorsed to the undersigned in blank or the undersigned is a
participant in DTC whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner of the Shares. The undersigned will, upon request, execute and deliver any additional documents deemed by the Depositary or Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to
complete the sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares and any Distributions tendered hereby. In addition, the undersigned shall promptly remit and transfer to the Depositary for the account of Purchaser any and all Distributions in respect of the
Shares tendered hereby, accompanied by appropriate documentation of transfer and, pending such remittance or appropriate assurance thereof, Purchaser shall be entitled to all rights and privileges as owner of any such Distributions and may withhold
the entire purchase price or deduct from the purchase price the amount or value thereof, as determined by Purchaser in its sole discretion. 

It is understood that the undersigned will not receive payment for the Shares unless and until the Shares are accepted for payment and until the Share Certificate(s) owned by the undersigned are
received by the Depositary at the address set forth above, together with such additional documents as the Depositary may require, or, in the case of Shares held in book-entry form, ownership to Shares is validly transferred on the account books
maintained by DTC, and until the same are processed for payment by the Depositary. It is understood that the method of delivery of the Share Certificate(s) and all other required documents is at the option and risk of the undersigned and that the
risk of loss of such Share Certificate(s) shall pass only after the Depositary has actually received the Share Certificate(s). 

All authority conferred or agreed to be conferred pursuant to this Letter of Transmittal shall not be affected by, and shall survive, the death or incapacity of the undersigned and any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be
binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators, trustees in bankruptcy, personal representatives, successors and assigns of the undersigned. Except as stated in the Offer to Purchase, this tender is irrevocable. 

The undersigned understands that the acceptance for payment by Purchaser of Shares tendered pursuant to one of the procedures described in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. 

Unless otherwise indicated herein under Special Payment Instructions, please issue the check for the purchase price and/or return any Share Certificates
representing Shares not tendered or accepted for payment in the name(s) of the registered owner(s) appearing under Description of Shares Tendered. Similarly, unless otherwise indicated under Special Delivery Instructions,
please mail the check for the purchase price and/or return any Share Certificates representing Shares not tendered or accepted for payment (and accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the address(es) of the registered owner(s) appearing under
Description of Shares Tendered. In the event that both the Special Delivery Instructions and the Special Payment Instructions are completed, please issue the check for the purchase price and/or issue any Share Certificates representing
Shares not tendered or accepted for payment (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) in the name of, and deliver such check and/or return such Share Certificates (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to, the person or persons so
indicated. Please credit any Shares tendered hereby or by an Agents Message and delivered by book-entry transfer, but which are not purchased, by crediting the participant account at DTC from which tendered Shares were transferred. The
undersigned recognizes that Purchaser has no obligation pursuant to the Special Payment Instructions to transfer any Shares from the name of the registered owner thereof if Purchaser does not accept for payment any of the Shares so tendered.

        SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS        

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)

To be completed ONLY if Share Certificate(s) representing
Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of Shares accepted for payment are to be issued in the name of someone other than the undersigned.

Issue 
 
 Check and/or 
 
 Share Certificates to:

Name

(Please Print)

Address 

(Include Zip Code)

(Tax Identification or Social Security
Number)

        SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS        

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)

To be completed ONLY if Share Certificate(s) representing
Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of Shares accepted for payment are to be sent to someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned at an address other than that shown in the box titled
Description of Shares Tendered above.

Deliver

 
 Check and/or 
 
 Share Certificates to:

Name 

(Please Print)

Address 

(Include Zip Code)

IMPORTANT  SIGN HERE 

(U.S. Holders Please Also Complete Substitute Form W-9 Below) 

(Non-U.S. Holders Please Obtain and Complete Form W-8BEN or Other Form W-8.)

(Signature(s) of Stockholder(s))

Dated ____________, 2003 

(Must be signed by registered owner(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on Share Certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by person(s) authorized to become registered owner(s) by certificates and documents transmitted
herewith. If signature is by trustees, executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact, officers of corporations or others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please set forth full title and see Instruction 5.) 

Name(s)

(Please Print)

Capacity (full title)

Address

(Include Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone Number

Tax Identification or 

Social Security No.

GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S) 

(For use by Eligible Institutions only; see Instructions 1 and 5) 

Name of Firm

Address

(Include Zip Code)

Authorized Signature

Name 

(Please Type or Print) 

Area Code and Telephone Number

Dated ____________, 2003 

Place medallion guarantee in space below:

INSTRUCTIONS 

Forming Part of the Terms and Conditions of the Offer 

1.    
Guarantee of Signatures.    
Except as otherwise provided below, all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by a financial institution (including most
commercial banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a member in good standing of a recognized Medallion Program approved by the Securities Transfer Association, Inc., including the Security Transfer Agents Medallion
Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Program and the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (each, an 
Eligible Institution
). Signatures on this Letter of Transmittal need not be guaranteed (a) if this Letter of
Transmittal is signed by the registered owner(s) (which term, for purposes of this document, includes any participant in DTC whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner of the Shares) of Shares tendered herewith and such
registered owner has not completed the box titled Special Payment Instructions or the box titled Special Delivery Instructions on this Letter of Transmittal or (b) if such Shares are tendered for the account of an Eligible
Institution. See Instruction 5. 

2.    
Delivery of Letter of Transmittal and Certificates
or Book-Entry Confirmations.
    This Letter of Transmittal is to be used either if Share Certificates are to be forwarded herewith or, unless an Agents Message is utilized, if tenders are to be made pursuant to the
procedures for tender by book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. A manually executed facsimile of this document may be used in lieu of the original. Share Certificates representing all physically tendered Shares, or
confirmation of any book-entry transfer into the Depositarys account at DTC of Shares tendered by book-entry transfer (
Book Entry Confirmation
), as well as this Letter of Transmittal properly completed and duly executed with
any required signature guarantees, unless an Agents Message in the case of a book-entry transfer is utilized, and any other documents required by this Letter of Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth
herein on or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase). Please do not send your share certificates directly to Synopsys, Inc. or Numerical Technologies, Inc. 

Stockholders whose Share Certificates are not immediately available or who cannot deliver all other required documents to the Depositary on or prior to the Expiration
Date or who cannot comply with the procedures for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, may nevertheless tender their Shares by properly completing and duly executing a Notice of Guaranteed Delivery pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set
forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. Pursuant to such procedure: (a) such tender must be made by or through an Eligible Institution, (b) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery substantially in the form provided
by Purchaser must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date and (c) Share Certificates representing all tendered Shares, in proper form for transfer (or a Book Entry Confirmation with respect to such Shares), as well as a Letter of
Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed with any required signature guarantees (unless, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message is utilized), and all other documents required by this Letter of
Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary within three Nasdaq National Market trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. 

A properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof) must accompany each such delivery of Share Certificates to the Depositary. 

The term Agents Message means a message, transmitted by DTC to, and received by, the Depositary and forming
part of a Book-Entry Confirmation, which states that DTC has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in DTC tendering the Shares which are the subject of such Book-Entry Confirmation that such participant has received and agrees to
be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce such agreement against the participant. 

THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF THE SHARES, THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH DTC, IS AT THE ELECTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER. DELIVERY OF ALL SUCH DOCUMENTS WILL BE
DEEMED MADE AND RISK OF LOSS OF THE SHARE CERTIFICATES SHALL PASS ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY (INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY

TRANSFER, BY BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATION). IF SUCH DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT ALL SUCH DOCUMENTS BE SENT BY PROPERLY INSURED REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED. IN ALL
CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY. 

No alternative, conditional or contingent
tenders will be accepted and no fractional Shares will be purchased. All tendering stockholders, by execution of this Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), waive any right to receive any notice of the acceptance of their Shares for payment.

All questions as to validity, form and eligibility of the surrender of any Share Certificate hereunder will be
determined by Purchaser (which may delegate power in whole or in part to the Depositary) and such determination shall be final and binding. Purchaser reserves the right to waive any irregularities or defects in the surrender of any Share
Certificate(s). A surrender will not be deemed to have been made until all irregularities have been cured or waived. 

3.    
Inadequate Space.
    If the space provided herein is inadequate, the certificate numbers and/or the number of Shares should be listed on a separate schedule attached hereto and
separately signed on each page thereof in the same manner as this Letter of Transmittal is signed. 

4.    
Partial Tenders (Applicable to Certificate Stockholders Only).    
If fewer than all the Shares evidenced by any Share Certificate delivered to the Depositary are to be tendered,
fill in the number of Shares which are to be tendered in the box titled Number of Shares Tendered. In such cases, new certificate(s) for the remainder of the Shares that were evidenced by the old certificate(s) but not tendered will be
sent to the registered owner, unless otherwise provided in the appropriate box on this Letter of Transmittal, as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date. All Shares represented by Share Certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed
to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated. 

5.    
Signatures on Letter of
Transmittal; Stock Powers and Endorsements.
    If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered owner(s) of the Shares tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on the face of the
Share Certificate(s) without alteration, enlargement or any other change whatsoever. 

If any of the Shares
tendered hereby are owned of record by two or more joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal. 

If any of the tendered Shares are registered in the names of different holder(s), it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many separate Letters of Transmittal (or facsimiles thereof) as there are different registrations
of such Shares. 

If this Letter of Transmittal or any certificates or stock powers are signed by trustees,
executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact, officers of corporations or others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, such persons should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to Purchaser of their
authority so to act must be submitted. 

If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered owner(s) of the
Shares listed and transmitted hereby, no endorsements of Share Certificates or separate stock powers are required unless payment is to be made to, or Share Certificates representing Shares not tendered or accepted for payment are to be issued in the
name of, a person other than the registered owner(s). Signatures on such Share Certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the registered owner(s) of the Share(s) listed, the Share Certificate(s) must be endorsed or accompanied by the appropriate stock powers,
in either case, signed exactly as the name or names of the registered owner(s) or holder(s) appear(s) on the Share Certificate(s). Signatures on such Share Certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

6.    
Stock Transfer
Taxes.
    Purchaser will pay any stock transfer taxes with respect to the transfer and sale of Shares to it or to its order pursuant to the Offer. If, however, payment of the purchase price is to be made to, or (in the
circumstances permitted hereby) if Share Certificates representing Shares not tendered or accepted for payment are to be registered in the name of, any person other than the registered owner(s), or if tendered Share Certificates are registered in
the name of any person other than the person signing this Letter of Transmittal, the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered owner(s) or such person) payable on account of the transfer to such person will be deducted
from the purchase price if satisfactory evidence of the payment of such taxes, or exemption therefrom, is not submitted. 

Except as provided in this Instruction 6, it will not be necessary for transfer tax stamps to be affixed to the Share Certificates listed in this Letter of Transmittal. 

7.    
Special Payment and Delivery Instructions.
    If a check is to be issued in the name of, and/or Share Certificates
representing Shares not tendered or accepted for payment are to be issued or returned to, a person other than the signer(s) of this Letter of Transmittal or if a check and/or such certificates are to be mailed to a person other than the signer(s) of
this Letter of Transmittal or to an address other than that shown in the box titled Description of Shares Tendered above, the appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal should be completed. However, all Shares tendered hereby or by
Agents Message by book-entry transfer that are not purchased will be returned by crediting the same account at DTC as the participant account from which such Shares were delivered. 

8.    
Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies.
    Questions or requests for assistance may be directed to the
Information Agent at its address and telephone number set forth below or to your broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company. Additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and other
tender offer materials may be obtained from the Information Agent as set forth below, and will be furnished at Purchasers expense. 

9.    
Backup Withholding
.    In order to avoid U.S. federal backup withholding at a rate of 30 percent with respect to cash received in exchange for Shares pursuant
to the Merger, a stockholder submitting Shares must (i) provide the Depositary with a properly completed Substitute Form W-9, included in this Letter of Transmittal, and sign such form under penalties of perjury, (ii) provide the Depositary
with a properly completed IRS Form W-8BEN or other Form W-8, and sign such form under penalties of perjury, or (iii) otherwise establish an exemption. IRS Form W-8BEN and other Forms W-8 are available from the Depositary or from the Internal Revenue
Service web site, at http://www.irs.ustreas.gov. Please see Important Tax Information, below. 

10.    
Lost, Destroyed, Mutilated or Stolen Share Certificates.    
If any Share Certificate has been lost, destroyed, mutilated or stolen, the stockholder should promptly notify the
Companys stock transfer agent, Mellon Investor Services LLC, Attn: Shareholder Relations Department, 85 Challenger Road, Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660, Telephone (800) 356-2017, Fax (201) 329-8960. The stockholder will then be instructed as to the
steps that must be taken in order to replace the Share Certificate. This Letter of Transmittal and related documents cannot be processed until the procedures for replacing lost, mutilated or destroyed Share Certificates have been followed.

11.    
Waiver of Conditions.    
Subject to the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), the conditions of the Offer (other than the Minimum Tender Condition, as defined in the Offer to Purchase) may be waived by Purchaser in whole or in part at any time and from
time to time in its sole discretion. 

IMPORTANT: THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR A MANUALLY EXECUTED FACSIMILE COPY
THEREOF) OR AN AGENTS MESSAGE, TOGETHER WITH SHARE CERTIFICATES OR BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATION OR A PROPERLY COMPLETED AND DULY EXECUTED NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY ON OR PRIOR
TO THE EXPIRATION DATE. 

IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION 

Under United States federal income tax laws, we are generally required to report any cash payment made to a holder of Shares surrendered in the Merger to you and to the
United States Internal Revenue Service (
IRS
) and we may be required to backup withhold 30 percent of any such payment. 

To avoid such backup withholding, a U.S. holder whose Shares are submitted herewith should provide the Depositary a properly completed Substitute Form W-9, which is attached hereto, signed under
penalties of perjury, including such shareholders current Taxpayer Identification Number (
TIN
) and other certifications. A U.S. holder of Shares is required to give the Depositary the social security number or employer
identification number of the record owner of the Shares being submitted for payment in connection with the Merger Agreement. If the shares are in more than one name or are not in the name of the actual owner, please consult the enclosed Guidelines
for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional guidance on which number to report. If the holder does not have a TIN, the holder should write Applied For in the space provided for the TIN. If
the holder does not provide the Depositary with a certified TIN within 60 days, the Depositary must backup withhold 30 percent of all cash payments made to the holder. 

Certain holders (including, among others, corporations and non-U.S. holders) are exempt from these backup withholding and reporting requirements. Exempt persons who are not
foreign holders are not subject to backup withholding and should indicate their exempt status on Substitute Form W-9 by entering their correct TIN, marking the appropriate box and signing and dating the Substitute Form W-9 in the space provided.

A non-U.S. holder should submit to the Depositary the appropriate version of an IRS Form W-8, properly completed,
including certification of such individuals foreign status, and signed under penalty of perjury. Form W-8BEN is the version of Form W-8 most likely to apply to foreign persons claiming exemption from backup withholding. Non-U.S. persons should
carefully read the instructions to Form W-8BEN and, if applicable, complete the required information, sign and date the Form W-8BEN and return the form to the Depositary with the completed Letter of Transmittal. In certain cases, Form W-8BEN may not
be the proper IRS form to be completed and returned, depending on the status of the foreign person claiming exemption from backup withholding. If you are a non-U.S. holder, you must complete and return the appropriate version of Form W-8. Form
W-8BEN and other Forms W-8 are available from the Depositary or from the IRS web site, at 
http://www.irs.ustreas.gov
. 

If the Depositary is not provided with a properly completed Substitute Form W-9 or an IRS Form W-8BEN or other Form W-8, the holder may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the IRS. In addition, the Depositary may be required to
withhold 30 percent of any cash payment made to the holder with respect to Shares submitted in connection with the Merger Agreement as backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the tax liability of a person subject to
backup withholding may be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund from the IRS may be obtained. 

Please consult your accountant or tax advisor for further guidance regarding the completion of Substitute Form W-9, Form W-8BEN, or another version of Form W-8 to claim exemption from backup
withholding, or contact the Depositary. 

TO BE COMPLETED BY ALL TENDERING U.S. HOLDERS 

(See Instruction 9) 

PAYERS NAME:   COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK

SUBSTITUTE

Form 
W-9

Department of the Treasury

Internal Revenue Service

Payers Request for Taxpayer

Identification Number (TIN)

Name:

Address:

Check appropriate box:

Individual/Sole
Proprietor        
 
    Corporation              
 

              Exempt from

Partnership                                
 
    Other (specify)         
 
       Backup Withholding         
 

Part  1.    
Please provide your taxpayer identification number in the space at right. If awaiting TIN, write Applied
For in space at right and complete the Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number below.

Social Security Number(s)

OR

Employer Identification Number

Part  2.
    For Payees exempt from backup withholding, see the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of
Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 and complete as instructed therein.

Part  3.    Certification

Under penalties of perjury, I certify that:

(1)    The number shown
on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number (or, as indicated, I am waiting for a number to be issued to me); and

(2)    I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the IRS that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report
all interests or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup withholding.

(3)    I am a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien).

Certification
Instructions
You must cross out item (2) above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because you have failed to report all interest or dividends on your tax return. However, if after being notified
by the IRS that you were subject to backup withholding you received another notification from the IRS that you are no longer subject to backup withholding, do not cross out item (2).

Signature: _________ Date: __________

You must complete the following certificate if you wrote applied for in Part 1 of this Substitute
Form W-9. 

CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 

I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number has not been issued to me, and either (a) I
have mailed or delivered an application to receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security Administration Office or (b) I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future. I
understand that, notwithstanding the information I provided in Part 3 of the Substitute Form W-9 (and the fact that I have completed this Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number), all reportable payments made to me hereafter will be
subject to backup withholding tax unless I provide a properly certified taxpayer identification number within 60 days of the date of this Substitute Form W-9. 

Signature 

Date__________________________________ 

NOTE:

Failure to complete and return this form may result in backup withholding tax on any payments made to you pursuant to the offer. Please review the enclosed
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional details. 

The Depositary for the Offer is: 

By Mail:

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Hand or Overnight Courier:

Computershare Trust Company

of New York

Wall Street Station

P.O. Box 1010

New York, NY 10268-1010

For Eligible Institutions Only:

(212)
701-7636

Computershare Trust Company

of New
York

For Confirmation Only Telephone: (212) 701-7624

Wall Street Plaza

88 Pine Street, 19th
Floor

New York, NY 10005

The Information Agent for the
Offer is: 

D. F. King & Co., Inc. 

77 Water Street 

New York, NY 10005 

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550 

All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 628-8532 

January 23, 2003 

EX-99.(A)(1)(C)

dex99a1c.htm

FORM OF NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery

Exhibit (a)(1)(C) 

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery 

for

Offer to Purchase for Cash 

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 

of 

NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

at 

$7.00 Net Per Share 

by 

NEON
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

a wholly owned subsidiary of 

SYNOPSYS, INC. 

Do not use for signature guarantees 

This form of notice of guaranteed delivery, or a form substantially equivalent to this form, must be used to accept the offer of Neon Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation, to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (
Shares
), of Numerical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the

Company
), for $7.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon and less any required withholding taxes, as described in the Offer to Purchase dated January 23, 2003 and the related Letter of Transmittal if:



certificates representing shares of Numerical Technologies, Inc. common stock (
Share Certificates
) are not immediately available,



the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed prior to the expiration date of the offer, or 



if time will not permit all required documents to reach Computershare Trust Company of New York, the depositary for the offer (the

Depositary
), prior to the expiration date. 

The term 
expiration
date
 means 12:00 midnight, New York City time on Thursday, February 20, 2003, or, if the offer is extended, the latest time and date at which the offer, as extended, will expire. Such form may be delivered by hand or transmitted via
facsimile or mailed to the Depositary and must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution (as defined below). See Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The Depositary for the Offer is: 

By Mail:

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Hand or Overnight Courier:

Computershare Trust Company

of New York

Wall Street Station

P.O. Box 1010

New York, NY 10268-1010

For Eligible Institutions Only:

(212) 701-7636

For Confirmation Only Telephone: (212) 701-7624

Computershare Trust Company

of
New York

Wall Street Plaza

88 Pine Street, 19th Floor

New York, NY 10005

Delivery of this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to an address
other than as set forth above, or transmission of instructions via facsimile to a number other than as set forth above will not constitute a valid delivery. 

This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery is not to be used to guarantee signatures. If a signature on a Letter of Transmittal is required to be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution under the instructions
thereto, such signature guarantee must appear in the applicable space provided in the signature box on the Letter of Transmittal. 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned hereby tenders to Neon Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (
Purchaser
) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (
Synopsys
), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003 (the 
Offer to Purchase
), and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, as
amended or supplemented from time to time, together constitute the 
Offer
), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of Shares indicated below pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in Section 3 of the
Offer to Purchase. 

Number of Shares
Tendered  

Share Certificate Numbers (if
available)  

If Shares will be delivered by book-entry transfer:

Name of Tendering
Institution  

DTC Participant
Number  

Transaction Code
Number  

Date:  

Name(s) of Record
Holder(s)  

(Please Print or Print)

Address(es)  

(Including Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone
Number  

Signature(s)  

GUARANTEE 

(Not to be used for signature guarantee) 

The undersigned, a member in good standing of a
recognized Medallion Program approved by the Securities Transfer Association, Inc., including the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Program and the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (each, an

Eligible Institution
), hereby guarantees that either the Share Certificates representing the Shares tendered hereby, in proper form for transfer, or timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of such Shares into the
Depositarys account at The Depositary Trust Company (pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase), together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof) with any
required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase)) and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, will be received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth above within three (3) Nasdaq National Market trading days after the date of execution hereof. 

The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver the Letter of Transmittal, Share Certificates and/or any other required documents to the Depositary within the time
period shown above. Failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible Institution. 

Name of
Firm   

Address  

(Including Zip Code )

Area Code and Telephone
No.  

(Authorized Signature)

Name   

(Please Type or Print)

Title   

Dated   

NOTE:

Do not send Share Certificates with this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. Share Certificates are to be delivered with the Letter of Transmittal.

EX-99.(A)(1)(D)

dex99a1d.htm

FORM OF LETTER TO BROKERS DEALERS

Form of Letter to Brokers Dealers

Exhibit (a)(1)(D) 

Offer to Purchase for Cash 

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 

of 

NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

at 

$7.00 Net Per Share 

by 

NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

a wholly owned subsidiary of 

SYNOPSYS, INC. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, 

NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 2003, 

UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

January 23, 2003 

To Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, 

Trust Companies and Other Nominees: 

We have been engaged by Neon Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (
Purchaser
) and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Synopsys
), to act as Information Agent in connection with Neon Acquisition Corporations offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(the 
Shares
), of Numerical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company
), at $7.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon and less any required withholding taxes, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003 (the 
Offer to Purchase
) and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with the Offer to Purchase, as amended or
supplemented from time to time, collectively constitute the 
Offer
). Please furnish copies of the enclosed materials to those of your clients for whom you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee.

The Offer is subject to the conditions, among others, that (a) prior to the expiration of the Offer there have
been validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn that number of Shares which, together with the number of Shares, if any, then beneficially owned by Synopsys or Purchaser, represents at least a majority of the total number of
outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis (which shall mean, as of any time, the number of Shares outstanding, together with all Shares which the Company may be required to issue pursuant to any then outstanding warrants, options, benefit plans or
obligations or otherwise, whether or not vested or then exercisable) on the date Shares are accepted for payment, and (b) any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, applicable to the purchase
of Shares pursuant to the Offer or to the Merger (as defined below) or any similar national antitrust or competition laws or foreign investment regulations having expired or been terminated. The Offer is also subject to certain other terms and
conditions set forth in Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase. The expiration date of the Offer is 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Thursday, February 20, 2003, or if the Offer is extended, the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so
extended by Purchaser, will expire (the Expiration Date). 

Enclosed herewith are the following
documents: 

1.  Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003; 

2.  Letter of Transmittal to be used by stockholders of the Company in accepting the Offer and tendering Shares;

3.  Notice of Guaranteed Delivery; 

4.  Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9;

5.  Letter to stockholders of the Company from the interim President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, accompanied by the Companys Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9; 

6.  A printed form of a letter that may be sent to your clients for whose account you hold Shares in your name or in the name of your nominee, with space provided for obtaining such
clients instructions with regard to the Offer; and 

7.  Return envelope addressed
to the Depositary (as defined below). 

The Offer is being made pursuant to a Merger Agreement (the 
Merger
Agreement
), dated as of January 12, 2003, among Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company, pursuant to which, after completion of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, Purchaser will be merged with and into the
Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation (the 
Merger
) and each issued and outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Synopsys or the Company or any wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys or the Company or held by
stockholders who properly exercise dissenters rights) will, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the
per Share price paid pursuant to the Offer upon the surrender of the certificate formerly representing such Share. 

The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger, determined that the Offer and the Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, the holders of Shares
and unanimously recommends that stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer and approve the Merger Agreement. 

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or amendment), Purchaser will be deemed to have
accepted for payment, and will pay for, all Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn by the Expiration Date if and when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to Computershare Trust Company of New York (the 
Depositary
)
of the Purchasers acceptance of the tenders of such Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer. Payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (a)
certificates for such Shares or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to such Shares pursuant to the procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly
completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal) and (c) any other documents required
by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering stockholders may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for Shares or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary. 
Under no
circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price for Shares, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in payment for Shares.

The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance of the Offer would not be in compliance with
the laws of such jurisdiction. However, Purchaser may, in its sole discretion, take such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in any such jurisdiction and extend the Offer to holders of Shares in such jurisdiction. Neither Purchaser nor
Synopsys is aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance of Shares in connection therewith would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. An envelope in which to return your instructions to us is
enclosed. If you authorize tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise indicated in such instruction form. Please forward your instructions to us as soon as possible to allow us ample time to tender Shares on your behalf
prior to the expiration of the Offer. 

In order to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer, a properly completed and duly
executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message (in the case of any book-entry transfer), and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, should be sent to and
timely received by the Depositary, and either certificates representing the tendered Shares should be delivered or such Shares must be delivered to the Depositary pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfers, all in accordance with the
instructions set forth in the Letter of Transmittal and the Offer to Purchase. 

Neither Synopsys nor Purchaser
will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Information Agent and the Depositary as described in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. You
will be reimbursed upon request for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by you in forwarding the enclosed offering materials to your clients. 

Your prompt action is requested. We urge you to contact your clients as promptly as possible. The Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Thursday,
February 20, 2003, unless the Offer is extended. 

If holders of Shares wish to tender their Shares, but
it is impracticable for them to deliver their certificates representing tendered Shares or other required documents or to complete the procedures for delivery by book-entry transfer prior to the Expiration Date, a tender may be effected by following
the guaranteed delivery procedures specified in the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal. 

Questions
and requests for assistance or for additional copies of the enclosed materials may be directed to the Information Agent at the address and telephone number set forth below and in the Offer to Purchase. Additional copies of the enclosed materials
will be furnished at Purchasers expense. 

Very truly yours, 

D. F. King & Co., Inc. 

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL RENDER YOU OR ANY PERSON THE AGENT OF PURCHASER, SYNOPSYS, THE COMPANY, THE INFORMATION
AGENT, THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES, OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO USE ANY DOCUMENT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER NOT CONTAINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE OR THE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is: 

D. F. King & Co., Inc. 

77 Water Street 

New York, NY 10005 

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550 

All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 628-8532 

EX-99.(A)(1)(E)

dex99a1e.htm

FORM OF LETTER TO CLIENTS

Form of Letter to Clients

Exhibit (a)(1)(E) 

Offer to Purchase for Cash 

All Outstanding
Shares of Common Stock 

of 

NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

at 

$7.00 Net Per Share 

by 

NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

a wholly owned subsidiary of 

SYNOPSYS,
INC. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, 

NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 2003, 

UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

January 23, 2003 

To Our Clients: 

Enclosed for your information is an Offer to Purchase, dated January 23,
2003 (the 
Offer to Purchase
), and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with the Offer to Purchase, as amended or supplemented from time to time, collectively constitute the 
Offer
), relating to the
Offer by Neon Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (
Purchaser
) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Synopsys
), to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the 
Shares
), of Numerical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company
), at $7.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon and less any
required withholding taxes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer. Also enclosed is a letter to stockholders of the Company from the interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, accompanied by the
Companys Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9. 

We are the holder of record of Shares
held by us for your account. A tender of such Shares can be made only by us as the holder of record and pursuant to your instructions. The Letter of Transmittal accompanying this letter is furnished to you for your information only and cannot be
used by you to tender Shares held by us for your account. 

We request instructions as to whether you wish to
tender any or all of the Shares held by us for your account, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer. 

Your attention is directed to the following: 

1.  The offer price is
$7.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon and less any required withholding taxes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. 

2.  The Offer is being made for all of the outstanding Shares. 

3.  The Offer is being made pursuant to a Merger Agreement (the 
Merger Agreement
), dated as of January 12, 2003, among
Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company, pursuant to which, after completion of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation (the

Merger
), and each issued and outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Synopsys or the Company or any wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys or the Company or held by stockholders who properly exercise dissenters rights)
will, by virtue of the

Merger, and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the per Share price paid
pursuant to the Offer upon the surrender of the certificate formerly representing such Share. 

4.  The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger, determined that the Offer and the Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, the
holders of Shares and unanimously recommends that stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer and approve the Merger Agreement. 

5.  The Offer is subject to the conditions, among others, that (a) prior to the expiration of the Offer there have been validly tendered in the
Offer and not properly withdrawn that number of Shares which, together with the number of Shares, if any, then beneficially owned by Synopsys or Purchaser, represents at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares on a fully diluted
basis (which shall mean, as of any time, the number of Shares outstanding, together with all Shares which the Company may be required to issue pursuant to any then outstanding warrants, options, benefit plans or obligations or otherwise, whether or
not vested or then exercisable) on the date Shares are accepted for payment, and (b) any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or to the
Merger or any similar national antitrust or competition laws or foreign investment regulations having expired or been terminated. The Offer is also subject to certain other terms and conditions set forth in Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase.

6.  The Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City
time, on Thursday, February 20, 2003, or if the Offer is extended, the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by Purchaser, will expire (the 
Expiration Date
). 

7.  Any stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of Shares to Purchaser pursuant to the Offer will be paid by Purchaser, except as
otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

If you wish to have us tender any or all of the
Shares held by us for your account, please so instruct us by completing, executing and returning to us in the enclosed envelope the instruction form set forth below. Please forward your instructions to us in ample time to permit us to submit a
tender on your behalf prior to the Expiration Date. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise specified on the instruction form set forth below. 

Payment for Shares will be in all cases made only after such Shares are accepted by Purchaser for payment pursuant to the Offer and the
timely receipt by Computershare Trust Company of New York (the 
Depositary
), of (a) certificates for such Shares or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to such Shares, (b) a Letter of
Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) in lieu of the Letter of
Transmittal) and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering stockholders may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for Shares or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares are
actually received by the Depositary. 
Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price for Shares, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in payment for Shares.

The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the
making or acceptance of the Offer would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. However, Purchaser may, in its sole discretion, take such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in any such jurisdiction and extend the
Offer to holders of Shares in such jurisdiction. Neither Purchaser nor Synopsys is aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance of Shares in connection therewith would not be in compliance with the laws of such
jurisdiction. 

INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF
COMMON STOCK OF NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

AT $7.00 NET PER SHARE BY NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF SYNOPSYS, INC. 

The
undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter and the enclosed Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003 (the 
Offer to Purchase
) and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with the Offer to Purchase, as
amended or supplemented from time to time, collectively constitute the 
Offer
) in connection with the offer by Neon Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (
Purchaser
) and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Synopsys
), to purchase for cash all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the 
Shares
), of Numerical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the 
Company
), at $7.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon and less any required withholding taxes, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer. 

This will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below (or if no number is indicated below, all Shares) that are held by
you for the account of the undersigned, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer and the related Letter of Transmittal. 

The undersigned understands and acknowledges that all questions as to validity, form and eligibility of the surrender of any certificate representing Shares submitted on my behalf to the Depositary
will be determined by Purchaser (which may delegate power in whole or in part to the Depositary) and such determination shall be final and binding. 

Dated:                 , 2003 

Number of Shares to be Tendered: 

________________ Shares* 

Account Number:  ________________ 

SIGN BELOW 

__________________________________________ 

Signature(s) 

__________________________________________ 

Please Type or Print Name(s) 

__________________________________________

Please Type or Print Address(es) Here 

__________________________________________ 

Area Code and Telephone Number

__________________________________________ 

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number(s) 

Dated: ____________, 2003 

_________ 

*

Unless otherwise indicated, you are deemed to have instructed us to tender all Shares held by us for your account. 

Please return this form to the
brokerage firm or other nominee maintaining your account. 

EX-99.(A)(1)(F)

dex99a1f.htm

W9 INSTRUCTIONS

W9 Instructions

Exhibit (a)(1)(F) 

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION 

NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE
FORM W-9 

(Note: Non-U.S. Holders should not complete a Form W-9, but instead should obtain and complete a
 Form W-8BEN or other Form W-8, as appropriate.) 

Guidelines for Determining the Proper Identification Number for the Payee
(You) to Give the Payer. 

Social Security numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens: e.g.,
000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by only one hyphen: e.g., 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the number to give the payer. 

For this type of account:

Give the
SOCIAL SECURITY
number of  

  1.   An individuals account

The individual

  2.   Two or more individuals (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if combined funds, any one of the individuals(1)

  3.   Custodian account of a minor (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)

The minor(2)

  4.  a.    The usual revocable savings trust account (grantor is also
trustee)

The grantor-trustee(l)

       b.   So-called trust account that is not a legal or valid trust
under State law

The actual owner(l)

  5.   Sole proprietorship account

The owner(3)

For this type of account:

Give the EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION
number of  

  6.   Sole proprietorship account

The owner(3)

  7.   A valid trust, estate, or pension trust

The legal entity(4)

  8.   Corporate account

The corporation

  9.   Partnership account held in the name of the business

The partnership

10.   Association, club, religious, charitable, educational or other tax-exempt organization

The organization

11.   A broker or registered nominee

The broker or nominee

12.   Account with the Department of Agriculture in the name of a public entity (such as a State or local
government, school district, or prison) that receives agricultural program payments

The public entity

(1)

List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. 

(2)

Circle the minors name and furnish the minors social security number. 

(3)

You must show your individual name but, you may also enter your business or doing business as name. You may use either your social security number
or your employer identification number (if you have one). 

(4)

List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust. (Do not furnish the taxpayer identification number of the personal representative
or trustee unless the legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.) 

Note:

If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be considered to be that of the first name listed. 

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION 

NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 

Page 2 

Obtaining a Number 

If you dont have a taxpayer identification number or you dont know your number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for
a Social Security Number Card, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number, at the local office of the Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and apply for a number. 

Payees Exempt From Backup Withholding 

Payees specifically exempted from backup
withholding on ALL payments include the following: 



A corporation. 



A financial institution. 



An organization exempt from tax under Section 501(a), or an individual retirement plan. 



The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 



A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any subdivision or instrumentality thereof. 



A foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 



An international organization or any agency, or instrumentality thereof. 



A registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the United States or a possession of the United States. 



A real estate investment trust. 



A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a). 



An exempt charitable remainder trust, or a non-exempt trust described in section 4947(a)(1). 



An entity registered at all times under the investment Company Act of 1940. 



A foreign central bank of issue. 

Exempt payees described above should file Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous backup withholding. FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYER, FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE EXEMPT ON THE FACE OF THE FORM, AND
RETURN IT TO THE PAYER. 

Privacy Act Notice.
Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividend, interest, or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payers who must report the payments to IRS. IRS uses the numbers
for identification purposes. Payers must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are required to file tax returns. Payers must generally withhold 30% of taxable payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a
payer. Certain penalties may also apply. 

Penalties 

(1) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FURNISH TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER.
If you fail to furnish your taxpayer identification number to a payer, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is
due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 

(2) CIVIL PENALTY FOR FALSE INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO WITHHOLDING.
If
you make a false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no imposition of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500. 

(3) CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR FALSIFYING INFORMATION.
Willfully falsifying certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including fines and/or imprisonment. 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE. 

EX-99.(A)(1)(G)

dex99a1g.htm

TEXT OF JOINT PRESS RELEASE

Text of joint press release

Exhibit (a)(1)(G) 

NEWS RELEASE

Editorial Contacts:

Investor Contacts:

Yvette Huygen

Synopsys, Inc.

(650) 584-4547

yvetteh@synopsys.com

Jessica Kourakos

Synopsys, Inc.

(650) 584-4289

jessicak@synopsys.com

Darren Ballegeer

Edelman Public Relations

(650) 429-2735

darren.ballegeer@edelman.com

Travis Parsons

Numerical Technologies, Inc.

408-273-4391

tparsons@numeritech.com

Susan Lippincott

Numerical Technologies, Inc.

(408) 273-4474

susan@numeritech.com

Jane Ryan

MCA Public Relations

(650) 968-8900

jryan@mcapr.com

SYNOPSYS, INC. TO ACQUIRE
NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

MOUNTAIN VIEW and SAN JOSE, Calif., January 13, 2003
  Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq:SNPS), the
market and technology leader for integrated circuit (IC) design software, and Numerical Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: NMTC), a leader in lithography-enabling solutions, today announced they have signed a definitive agreement for Synopsys to acquire
all outstanding shares of Numericals common stock for a cash purchase price of $7.00 per share. The acquisition brings together leaders in electronic design automation (EDA) and lithography-enabling solutions, helping to reduce costs and risk
for customers designing advanced integrated circuits. 

Design for manufacturing issues will continue to gain importance as designs
inevitably shrink toward the 65 nanometer mark. Combining Numericals lithography-enabling solutions with Synopsys design tools will enable us to further reduce costs and manufacturing risk for customers involved in creating smaller,
faster and more power-efficient chips, said Aart de Geus, chairman and chief executive officer of Synopsys, Inc. By bringing together our complementary technologies and adding Numericals well-respected technologists to our team,
Synopsys will be able to deliver more complete design-to-silicon solutions to address changing design for manufacturing needs. 

Merging Numerical and Synopsys will help create technology and solutions that speed production of advanced, sub-wavelength ICs and improve yield by transparently embedding mask and lithography requirements into the EDA
flow and into tools that designers are currently using, said Naren Gupta, Numericals interim president and chief executive officer. We are extremely excited about the merger of these two leaders since we have long believed that the
intersection of these two areas can deliver sub-wavelength-enabling solutions to fuel the growth of the semiconductor industry. Our enthusiasm in joining with Synopsys is further driven by Synopsys unerring commitment to technical
excellence. 

Structure of the Transaction 

The acquisition will be effected by means of a cash tender offer of all of the outstanding shares of Numerical for a cash purchase price of $7.00 per share, followed by a
second-step merger in which Synopsys would acquire any untendered Numerical shares at the same price per share. The acquisition is subject to certain conditions, including the tender of a majority of the fully diluted shares of Numerical, receipt of
regulatory approvals, and other customary conditions. Synopsys will also assume all outstanding Numerical stock options in the transaction. The total transaction value is approximately $250 million. Synopsys expects the acquisition will be dilutive
in fiscal year 2003 by less than 10 cents per fully diluted share on an earnings before goodwill basis, and accretive in fiscal year 2004. The boards of directors of both companies have approved the transaction. In addition, Numericals
executive officers and directors, who collectively own approximately 20 percent of the outstanding shares of Numerical, have agreed to tender their shares to Synopsys in the transaction. The transaction is expected to close during the first calendar
quarter of 2003. 

Conference Call Open to Investors 

Synopsys will hold a conference call for financial analysts and investors today at 7:00 a.m. Pacific Time. The conference call will be accessible by calling 800-230-1093
(or 612-332-0107 for international callers). An audio replay will be available by dialing 800-475-6701 (or 320-365-3844 for international callers) starting January 13, 2003 at approximately 10:30 a.m. Pacific Time and ending on January 25, 2003. The
access code for the replay is 671239. 

Forward Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including
statements regarding the expected benefits and anticipated time of completion of the acquisition. These statements are based on Synopsys and Numerical Technologies current expectations and beliefs. Actual results could differ materially
from the results implied by these statements. 

Factors that may cause or contribute to such differences include:
the risk that the conditions to the merger set forth in the merger agreement will not be satisfied; changes in both companies businesses during the period between now and the closing; developments in obtaining regulatory approvals for the
transaction; the successful integration of Numerical into Synopsys business subsequent to the closing of the acquisition; timely development, production and acceptance of products after completion of the acquisition; increasing competition in
the market for silicon engineering software; the ability to retain key management and technical personnel of Numerical; adverse reactions to the proposed transaction by customers, suppliers and strategic partners and other risks described in
Synopsys report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2002 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on September 17, 2002 (pp. 34-38) and on Numerical Technologies report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2002 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on November 13, 2002 (pp.12-22). Synopsys and Numerical Technologies, Inc., are under no obligation to (and expressly disclaim any such obligation to) update or alter
their forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

About Synopsys 

Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq:SNPS), headquartered in Mountain View, California, creates leading EDA tools for the global electronics market. The company delivers advanced design
technologies and solutions to developers of complex integrated circuits, electronic systems and systems on a chip. Synopsys also provides consulting and support services to simplify the overall IC design process and accelerate time to market for its
customers. Visit Synopsys at 
http://www.synopsys.com
. 

About Numerical Technologies 

Numerical Technologies, Inc., the worlds leading provider of sub-wavelength lithography-enabling technology, develops and markets
proprietary technology, software tools and services that enable the production of sub-wavelength integrated circuits (ICs)  ICs with feature sizes that are smaller than the wavelength of light used to create circuit patterns on silicon.
Numericals products and industry alliances form a comprehensive design-to-silicon solution that enables the creation of smaller, faster and more power-efficient ICs using available manufacturing equipment. Numericals customers include
the worlds top semiconductor companies, design automation tool vendors, semiconductor equipment suppliers and photomask manufacturers. Additional information about the company is available on the Web at 
http://www.numeritech.com
.

The description contained herein is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer
to sell shares of Numerical. At the time the tender offer is commenced, Synopsys and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Neon Acquisition Corp., intend to file a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO containing an offer to purchase, forms of letters of
transmittal and other documents relating to the tender offer, and Numerical intends to file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the tender offer. Synopsys, Neon Acquisition Corp. and Numerical intend to mail
these documents to the stockholders of Numerical. These documents will contain important information about the tender offer and stockholders of Numerical are urged read them carefully when they become available. Stockholders of Numerical will be
able to obtain a free copy of these documents (when they become available) at the website maintained by the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. In addition, stockholders will be able to obtain a free copy of these documents (when they
become available) from Synopsys by contacting Synopsys at 700 East Middlefield Road, Mountain View, California 94043, attention: Investor Relations, or from Numerical by contacting Numerical 70 West Plumeria Drive, San Jose, California 95134,
attention: Investor Relations. 

Synopsys is a registered trademark of Synopsys, Inc. Numerical Technologies is a trademark of Numerical
Technologies, Inc. 

EX-99.(A)(1)(H)

dex99a1h.htm

TEXT OF PRESS RELEASE ISSUED BY SYNOPSY

Text of press release issued by Synopsy

Exhibit (a)(1)(H) 

Synopsys Commences Tender Offer for Shares of Numerical 

NEWS RELEASE 

Editorial Contacts:

Investor Contacts:

Craig Cochran

Jessica Kourakos

Synopsys, Inc.

Synopsys, Inc.

(650) 584-4230

(650) 584-4289

craig@synopsys.com

jessicak@synopsys.com

Darren Ballegeer

Edelman Public Relations

(650) 429-2735

darren.ballegeer@edelman.com

SYNOPSYS, INC. COMMENCES TENDER OFFER 

FOR SHARES OF NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif., January 23, 2003
Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS), the market and technology leader for integrated circuit (IC) design software, announced today that Synopsys wholly-owned subsidiary, Neon
Acquisition Corp., has commenced its previously announced tender offer for all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Numerical Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: NMTC), a leader in lithography-enabling solutions, for a cash purchase price of $7.00
per share. The tender offer is being conducted pursuant to a Merger Agreement dated January 12, 2003. The tender offer is scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Thursday February 20, 2003, unless extended. 

Numerical has advised Synopsys that the Board of Directors of Numerical has unanimously approved the transaction and recommends
that Numerical stockholders accept the tender offer, tender their shares pursuant to the tender offer and approve the Merger Agreement. 

The tender offer is subject to certain conditions, including the tender of a majority of the fully diluted shares of Numerical, receipt of regulatory approvals, and other customary conditions. The complete terms and
conditions of the tender offer are set forth in the Offer to Purchase, Letter of Transmittal and other related materials being filed by Synopsys and Neon Acquisition Corp. with the SEC. Copies of the Offer to Purchase, Letter of Transmittal and
other related materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, being filed with the SEC today by Numerical Technologies, are available from D. F. King & Associates, the information agent for the tender offer at the
telephone number and address set forth below. Computershare Trust Company of New York is acting as depositary for the tender offer. 

About Numerical Technologies 

Numerical Technologies, Inc., the worlds leading
provider of sub-wavelength lithography-enabling technology, develops and markets proprietary technology, software tools and services that enable the production of sub-wavelength integrated circuits (ICs) with feature sizes that are smaller than the
wavelength of light used to

create circuit patterns on silicon. Numericals products and industry alliances form a comprehensive design-to-silicon solution that enables the creation of smaller, faster and more
power-efficient ICs using available manufacturing equipment. Numericals customers include the worlds top semiconductor companies, design automation tool vendors, semiconductor equipment suppliers and photomask manufacturers. Additional
information about the company is available on the Web at 
http://www.numeritech.com
. 

About Synopsys 

Synopsys, Inc., headquartered in Mountain View, California, creates leading EDA tools for the global electronics market. The
company delivers advanced design technologies and solutions to developers of complex integrated circuits, electronic systems and systems on a chip. Synopsys also provides consulting and support services to simplify the overall IC design process and
accelerate time to market for its customers. Visit Synopsys at 
http://www.synopsys.com
. 

# # # 

The description contained herein is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Numerical.
Neon Acquisition Corp. and Synopsys are filing a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO containing an offer to purchase, form of letter of transmittal and other documents relating to the tender offer, and Numerical is filing a
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the tender offer with the SEC. Neon Acquisition Corp., Synopsys and Numerical are mailing these documents to Numerical stockholders. These documents contain important
information about the tender offer and Numerical stockholders are urged to read them carefully and in their entirety. Numerical stockholders may obtain a free copy of these documents at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition,
stockholders may obtain a free copy of these documents from Synopsys by contacting Synopsys at 700 East Middlefield Road, Mountain View, California 94043, attention: Investor Relations. 

Documents may also be obtained from D. F. King & Co., Inc., the information agent for the tender offer, 77 Water Street, New York, New York 10005, (212) 269-5550 (banks
and brokers call collect) or (800) 628-8532 (all others call toll free). 

Synopsys is a registered trademark of
Synopsys, Inc. Numerical Technologies is a trademark of Numerical Technologies, Inc. 

EX-99.(A)(1)(I)

dex99a1i.htm

FORM OF SUMMARY ADVERTISEMENT

Form of summary advertisement

Exhibit (a)(1)(I) 

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell Shares (as defined below). The Offer (as defined below) is made
solely by the Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003, and the related Letter of Transmittal and any amendments or supplements thereto, and is being made to all holders of Shares. The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from
or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require
the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of Purchaser (as defined below) by one or more registered brokers or dealers that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. 

NOTICE OF OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH 

ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

of 

NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

at 

$7.00 NET PER SHARE 

by 

NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION

A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF 

SYNOPSYS, INC. 

Neon Acquisition Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (
Purchaser
) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Synopsys
), is offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per
share (the 
Shares
), of Numerical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company
), at $7.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon and less any required withholding taxes, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated January 23, 2003, and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with the Offer to Purchase, as amended or supplemented from time to time, collectively
constitute the 
Offer
). Tendering stockholders who have Shares registered in their names and who tender directly to Computershare Trust Company of New York (the 
Depositary
) will not be obligated to pay brokerage
fees or commissions or, except as set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders who hold their Shares through a broker or bank should consult with such institution
as to whether it charges any service fees. The purpose of the Offer is to acquire for cash as many outstanding Shares as possible as a first step in acquiring the entire equity interest in the Company. Following the consummation of the Offer,
Purchaser intends to effect the Merger (as defined below). 

THE OFFER AND
WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

        The Offer is subject to the conditions, among others, that (a) prior to the expiration of the Offer there have been validly tendered in the Offer and
not properly withdrawn that number of Shares which, together with the number of Shares, if any, then beneficially owned by Synopsys or Purchaser, represents at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis
(which shall mean, as of any time, the number of Shares outstanding, together with all Shares which the Company may be required to issue pursuant to any then outstanding warrants, options, benefit plans or obligations or otherwise, whether or not
vested or then exercisable) on the date Shares are accepted for payment, and (b) any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or to the
Merger or any similar national antitrust or competition laws or foreign investment regulations having expired or been terminated. The Offer is also subject to certain other terms and conditions set forth in Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase.

        The Offer is being made pursuant to a Merger Agreement (the 
Merger
Agreement
), dated as of January 12, 2003, among Synopsys, Purchaser and the Company, pursuant to which, after completion of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company,
with the Company as the surviving corporation (the 
Merger
), and each issued and outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Synopsys or the Company or any wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys or the Company or held by
stockholders who properly exercise dissenters rights) will, by virtue of the Merger 

and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without
interest, equal to the per Share price paid pursuant to the Offer, upon the surrender of the certificate formerly representing such Share. The Merger Agreement is more fully described in the Offer to Purchase. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Synopsys entered into a Stockholder Tender Agreement, dated as of January 12,
2003 (the 
Stockholder Agreement
), with certain of the Companys directors and executive officers and certain of their spouses (each a 
Supporting Stockholder
). According to representations made by the
Supporting Stockholders in the Stockholder Agreement and information provided by the Company, as of January 21, 2003, the Supporting Stockholders owned and had voting power with respect to an aggregate of 6,341,921 Shares, representing approximately
19 percent of the outstanding Shares (16 percent on a fully diluted basis and 20 percent on a fully diluted basis, including options held by such Supporting Stockholders). Pursuant to the Stockholder Agreement, the Supporting Stockholders have
agreed, among other things, to tender, and not withdraw, all Shares that are owned by such Supporting Stockholders in the Offer upon the terms and conditions specified therein, and certain of such Supporting Stockholders agreed to certain
non-competition and related covenants that become effective on the purchase of Shares in the Offer. The Stockholder Agreement is more fully described in the Offer to Purchase. Synopsys owns 40,562 exchangeable shares of Numerical Technologies Canada
Inc. which are exchangeable into Shares on a 1-to-1 basis. 

The Board of Directors of the Company has
unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger, determined that the Offer and the Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, the holders of Shares and unanimously recommends that stockholders accept the
Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer and approve the Merger Agreement. 

For purposes of the
Offer, Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn if and when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of its acceptance for payment of such Shares
pursuant to the Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent for
the tendering stockholders for the purpose of receiving payments from Purchaser and transmitting such payments to the tendering stockholders. 
Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price for Shares, regardless of any
extension of the Offer or any delay in making payment for Shares. 

In all cases, payment for Shares tendered
and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (a) certificates for such Shares or timely confirmation of the book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositarys account at The
Depository Trust Company (
DTC
) pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature
guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message (as defined in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase) in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal) and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. 

Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the 
Commission
), Purchaser expressly reserves the right (but will not be obligated), in its sole discretion, at any time or from time to time, to extend the period of time during which the Offer is open by giving oral or written
notice of such extension to the Depositary. During any such extension, all Shares previously tendered and not withdrawn will remain subject to the Offer, subject to the withdrawal rights of tendering stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14d-11 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
Exchange Act
), Purchaser may, and it reserves the right to, subject to certain conditions, extend the Offer for an additional period or periods totaling between three and 20
business days in length following the Expiration Date (as defined below). During this extension period, which is referred to as a 
Subsequent Offering Period
, Purchaser will promptly accept for payment all Shares that are validly
tendered. Withdrawal rights are not available during the Subsequent Offering Period with respect to Shares validly tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. See Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase. The term 
Expiration Date

means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Thursday, February 20, 2003, unless Purchaser, in its sole discretion (subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement), shall have extended the initial period of time during which the Offer is open, in
which event the term Expiration Date shall mean the latest time and date on which the Offer, as so extended by Purchaser, shall expire. Any extension will be followed as promptly as practicable by public announcement thereof, such
announcement to be issued no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date. 

        Tenders of Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable, except that Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn at any time prior to the Expiration Date and, unless
theretofore accepted for payment by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after March 23, 2003. For a withdrawal of Shares to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received
by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase. Any such notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person having tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and
the name of the record holder of the Shares to be withdrawn, if different from that of the person who tendered such Shares. The signature(s) on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution (as defined in Section 3 of the
Offer to Purchase), unless such Shares have been tendered for the account of any Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer as set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, any notice of
withdrawal must specify the name and number of the account at DTC to be credited with the withdrawn Shares and must otherwise comply with DTCs procedures. If certificates for Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise identified
to the Depositary, the name of the registered holder and the serial numbers shown on such certificates must also be furnished to the Depositary as aforesaid prior to the physical release of such certificates. All questions as to the form and
validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole discretion, which determination shall be final and binding. No withdrawal of Shares shall be deemed to have been properly made until all
defects and irregularities have been cured or waived. None of Synopsys, Purchaser, the Depositary, the Information Agent (listed below) or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of
withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give such notification. Withdrawals of tenders of Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn will be deemed not to have 

been validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be retendered by following one of the procedures for tendering
Shares described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase at any time prior to the Expiration Date. 

The receipt of
cash in exchange for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign tax laws. In general, a U.S. Holder (as
defined in Section 5 of the Offer to Purchase) who receives cash in exchange for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash
received and such stockholders adjusted tax basis in the Shares exchanged therefor. Provided that such Shares constitute capital assets in the hands of the stockholder, such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term
capital gain or loss if the holder has held the Shares for more than one year at the time of sale. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Non-U.S. Holders (as defined in Section 5 of the Offer to Purchase) generally will be
exempt from U.S. federal income and withholding tax, provided certain certification requirements are met. 
The income tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only and all stockholders should consult with their own tax
advisors as to the particular tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger to them, including the applicability and effect of the alternative minimum tax and any state, local or foreign income and other tax laws and of changes in such tax laws.

For a more complete description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger, see Section 5 of the Offer to Purchase. 

Purchaser expressly reserves the right to waive any condition to the Offer or modify the terms of the Offer, subject to (a) the terms of the Merger Agreement, which contain certain conditions that may
not be waived and modifications that may not be made without the consent of the Company, and (b) the rules and regulations of the Commission. 

The information required to be disclosed by paragraph (d)(1) of Rule 14d-6 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

The Company has provided Purchaser with the Companys list of stockholders and security
related position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of Shares. The Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal will be mailed to record holders of Shares whose names appear on the Company stockholder list and will be
furnished to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the stockholder list or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agencys security
position listing for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares. 

The Offer to Purchase and the
related Letter of Transmittal contain important information which should be read carefully and in their entirety before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. 

Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent at the address and telephone numbers set forth below. Requests for additional copies of the
Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal may be directed to the Information Agent or to brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies. Such additional copies will be furnished promptly at Purchasers expense. Purchaser
will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or any other person (other than the Information Agent) for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is: 

D. F. King & Co., Inc. 

77 Water Street 

New York, New York 10005 

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550 

All Others Call Toll-Free: (800) 628-8532 

January 23, 2003 

EX-99.(D)(1)

dex99d1.htm

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER DATED JANUARY 12,2003

Agreement and Plan of Merger Dated January 12,2003

Exhibit (d)(1) 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

dated as of
January 12, 2003 

among 

SYNOPSYS, INC., 

NEON ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

and 

NUMERICAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 

ARTICLE I

THE OFFER

Page

1.1.

The Offer

1.2.

Company Actions

1.3.

Stockholder Lists

1.4.

Directors

ARTICLE II

THE MERGER

2.1.

The Merger

2.2.

Effective Time

2.3.

Closing of the Merger

2.4.

Effects of the Merger

2.5.

Certificate of Incorporation; By-Laws

2.6.

Directors and Officers

2.7.

Stockholders Meeting

2.8.

Merger Without Meeting of Stockholders

ARTICLE III

CONVERSION OF SECURITIES

3.1.

Conversion of Securities

3.2.

Stock Options and Other Stock Plans

3.3.

Payment for Shares

3.4.

No Further Ownership Rights

3.5.

Investment of the Payment Fund

3.6.

Withholding Rights

3.7.

Stock Transfer Books

3.8.

Dissenting Shares

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

4.1.

Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries

4.2.

Capitalization of the Company and Its Subsidiaries

4.3.

Authority Relative to this Agreement

4.4.

SEC Reports; Financial Statements

i 

 

(continued) 

Page

4.5.

No Undisclosed Liabilities

4.6.

Absence of Changes

4.7.

Schedule 14D-9; Offer Documents and Proxy Statement

4.8.

Consents and Approvals; No Violations

4.9.

No Default

4.10.

Real Property

4.11.

Litigation

4.12.

Company Permits; Compliance with Applicable Laws

4.13.

Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA

4.14.

Labor Matters

4.15.

Environmental Matters

4.16.

Taxes

4.17.

Absence of Questionable Payments

4.18.

Company Contracts

4.19.

Insurance Matters

4.20.

Intellectual Property

4.21.

Interested Party Transactions

4.22.

Opinion of Company Financial Advisor

4.23.

Brokers

4.24.

Takeover Statutes, etc.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND PURCHASER

5.1.

Organization

5.2.

Authority Relative to This Agreement

5.3.

Offer Documents; Proxy Statement

5.4.

Consents and Approvals; No Violations

5.5.

Financial Statements

5.6.

Availability of Funds

ii 

 

(continued) 

ARTICLE VI

COVENANTS

Page

6.1.

Conduct of Business of the Company

6.2.

Access to Information

6.3.

Dispositions

6.4.

CDAI Exchangeable Shares

6.5.

Transfer of Numerical Taiwan Shares

ARTICLE VII

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

7.1.

Proxy Statement

7.2.

Commercially Reasonable Best Efforts

7.3.

Acquisition Proposals

7.4.

Public Announcements

7.5.

Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance

7.6.

Notification of Certain Matters

7.7.

Employee Matters

7.8.

SEC Filings

7.9.

Fees and Expenses

7.10.

Takeover Statutes

ARTICLE VIII

CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER

8.1.

Conditions to Each Partys Obligations to Effect the Merger

ARTICLE IX

TERMINATION; AMENDMENT; WAIVER

9.1.

Termination by Mutual Agreement

9.2.

Termination by Either Parent or the Company

9.3.

Termination by the Company

9.4.

Termination by Parent

9.5.

Effect of Termination and Abandonment

9.6.

Amendment

9.7.

Extension; Waiver

iii 

 

(continued) 

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

Page

10.1.

Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties

10.2.

Entire Agreement; Assignment

10.3.

Notices

10.4.

Governing Law

10.5.

Descriptive Headings

10.6.

Parties in Interest

10.7.

Severability

10.8.

Enforcement; Jurisdiction

10.9.

Counterparts

10.10.

Interpretation

10.11.

Definitions

Exhibit AConditions to the Offer

iv 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of January 12, 2003 (the 
Agreement
), is among Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(
Parent
), Neon Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (
Purchaser
), and Numerical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the

Company
). 

WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Parent and the Company, and Parent (in its
capacity as sole stockholder of Purchaser), have each determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger (as defined in Section 2.1), are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, their
respective stockholders; 

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has adopted resolutions approving the
acquisition of the Company by Parent, the execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Stockholder Tender Agreement (as defined below), and recommending that the Companys stockholders
approve the agreement of merger (as such term is used in Section 251 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the 
DGCL
)) contained in this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and tender their shares
of Company Common Stock (as defined below) in the Offer (as defined below); 

WHEREAS, in order to induce Parent
and Purchaser to enter into this Agreement, and as a condition to their doing so, Parent is simultaneously entering into a stockholder tender agreement (the 
Stockholder Tender Agreement
) with the Companys directors and
executive officers (and certain related persons and entities) owning shares of Company Common Stock, pursuant to which (i) such stockholders are, among other things, agreeing to tender, and not withdraw, all of such stockholders shares of
Company Common Stock in the Offer upon the terms and conditions specified therein, and (ii) certain of such stockholders are agreeing to certain restrictive covenants. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the Company, Parent and Purchaser hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

THE OFFER 

1.1.    
The Offer
.    (a)  (i)  Provided that this Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with Article IX and that none of the events set forth in
paragraph (2) of Exhibit A hereto shall have occurred and be continuing and the Company shall have filed, or shall be prepared to file upon commencement of the Offer, the Schedule 14D-9 (as defined below) as contemplated by Section 1.2(b) hereof,
Purchaser shall, and Parent shall cause Purchaser to, as promptly as practicable (but in no event later than eight (8) Business Days following the public announcement of the terms of this Agreement)

commence (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the 
Exchange Act
)) an
offer to purchase all outstanding shares (individually, a 
Share
 and collectively, the 
Shares
) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (
Company Common Stock
), at a price
(such price, or any other price as may be paid in the Offer, the 
Offer Price
) of $7.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash (the 
Offer
). The obligations of Purchaser to, and of Parent to cause Purchaser to,
accept for payment and to pay for any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer shall be subject to only those conditions set forth in Exhibit A (the 
Offer Conditions
). The initial expiration date of the Offer shall be the twentieth
Business Day following the commencement of the Offer. Purchaser expressly reserves the right to waive any Offer Condition or modify the terms of the Offer, except that, without the prior written consent of the Company, Purchaser shall not (A)
decrease the Offer Price or change the form of the consideration payable in the Offer, (B) decrease the number of Shares sought pursuant to the Offer, (C) waive the Minimum Tender Condition (as defined in Exhibit A) or impose additional conditions
to the Offer or (D) make any other change in the terms or conditions of the Offer which is adverse to the holders of Shares. 

(ii)  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to the satisfaction or waiver by Parent and Purchaser of the Offer Conditions as of any scheduled expiration of the Offer, Purchaser shall, and Parent shall
cause Purchaser to, accept for payment and pay for Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as soon as practicable after such scheduled expiration. Purchaser shall extend the Offer on one or more occasions for periods of up to
20 Business Days per extension if, at any scheduled expiration of the Offer, all of the Offer Conditions have not been satisfied or waived; 
provided
, that if all Offer Conditions other than the Minimum Tender Condition are satisfied or waived
as of any scheduled expiration of the Offer, Purchaser shall not be obligated to (but shall be entitled) to extend the Offer unless required by applicable law; and, 
provided
, 
further
, that if at any scheduled expiration of the Offer
(x) the Offer Condition in paragraph 2(a) or 2(c) of Exhibit A has not been satisfied or (y) the Offer Condition in paragraph 2(d) of Exhibit A has not been satisfied and, in the case of clause (y), the breach or failure to perform or comply that
has caused such non-satisfaction is not capable of being cured (it being understood that willful failure to comply with Section 7.3 is not capable of being cured) or, if capable of being cured, has not been cured within fifteen days after receipt by
the Company of notice of such breach or failure, then Purchaser shall not be obligated (but shall be entitled) to extend the Offer. In addition, Purchaser may (without the consent of the Company) (A) extend the Offer for any period required by any
regulation, interpretation or position of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
SEC
) or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer, or (B) elect to provide a subsequent offering period for the Offer in accordance with Rule
14d-11 under the Exchange Act. In addition, the Offer Price may be increased and the Offer may be extended to the extent required by law in connection with such increase in each case without the consent of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Purchaser will not extend the Offer beyond August 31, 2003 without the Companys consent and Purchaser will not be required to extend the Offer beyond that date. 

(b)  On the date of commencement of the Offer, Parent and Purchaser
shall file or cause to be filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (together with all amendments and supplements thereto, the 
Schedule TO
) with respect to the Offer which shall contain the offer to purchase and
related letter of transmittal and other ancillary Offer documents and instruments pursuant to which the Offer will be made (collectively with any supplements or amendments thereto, the 
Offer Documents
). The Company and its counsel
shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Offer Documents prior to their filing with the SEC. Parent and Purchaser agree to provide the Company with, and to consult with the Company regarding, any comments that may be
received from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer Documents promptly after receipt thereof. Parent, Purchaser and the Company each agrees promptly to correct any information provided by it for use in the Offer Documents if and to the
extent that it shall have become false or misleading in any material respect and Parent and Purchaser further agree to take all steps necessary to cause the Offer Documents as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and be disseminated to holders of
Shares, in each case, as and to the extent required by applicable law. 

(c)  Parent shall provide or
cause to be provided to Purchaser on a timely basis the funds necessary to purchase any Shares that Purchaser becomes obligated to purchase pursuant to the Offer. 

1.2.    
Company Actions
.    (a)  The Company hereby approves of and consents to the Offer and represents and
warrants that (i) the making of any offer and proposal and the taking of any other action by Parent or Purchaser in connection with this Agreement and the Stockholder Tender Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been
consented to by the Board of Directors of the Company in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement entered into between the Company and Parent dated December 6, 2002 (the 
Confidentiality Agreement
)
and the Non-Solicitation Agreement entered into between the Company and Parent dated December 20, 2002 (the 
Non-Solicitation Agreement
), (ii) its Board of Directors (at a meeting or meetings duly called and held) has (A)
determined that the Offer and the Merger (as hereinafter defined) are advisable and fair to and in the best interests of, the stockholders of the Company, (B) approved and adopted the agreement of merger (as such term is used in Section 251 of the
DGCL) contained in this Agreement, (C) resolved to recommend acceptance of the Offer and approval and adoption of the agreement of merger contained in this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company, (D) irrevocably taken all necessary steps to
approve Parent and Purchaser becoming interested stockholders within the meaning of Section 203 of the DGCL and causing said Section 203 to be inapplicable to Parent and Purchaser and to the Merger, the Stockholder Tender Agreement and
the acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Stockholder Tender Agreement, and (E) irrevocably resolved to elect, to the extent of the Boards power and authority and to the extent permitted by law, not to be subject to any other
moratorium, control share acquisition, business combination, fair price or other form of anti-takeover laws and regulations (collectively, 
Takeover Laws
) of any jurisdiction that may
purport to be applicable to this Agreement or the Stockholder Tender Agreement, and (iii) Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation (the 
Company Financial Advisor
), the Companys independent financial advisor, has advised the
Companys Board of Directors that, in its opinion, the consideration to be paid in the Offer and the Merger to the Companys stockholders is fair, from a financial point of view, to such stockholders. 

(b)  Upon commencement of the Offer, the Company shall file with the
SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (together with all amendments and supplements thereto, the 
Schedule 14D-9
) containing (subject to Section 7.3(b)) the recommendations of its Board of Directors
described in Section 1.2(a) and hereby consents to the inclusion of such recommendations in the Offer Documents and to the inclusion of a copy of the Schedule 14D-9 with the Offer Documents mailed or furnished to the Companys stockholders.
Parent, Purchaser and their counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9 prior to its filing with the SEC. The Company agrees to provide Parent and Purchaser with, and to consult with Parent and
Purchaser regarding, any comments that may be received from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9 promptly upon receipt thereof. Parent, Purchaser and the Company each agrees promptly to correct any information provided by it for
use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the extent that it shall have become false or misleading in any material respect and the Company further agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9 as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and
be disseminated to holders of Shares, in each case, as and to the extent required by applicable law. 

1.3.    
Stockholder Lists
.    In connection with the Offer, the Company shall promptly furnish Parent and Purchaser with mailing labels, security position listings and any available
listing or computer file containing the names and addresses of the record holders of the Shares as of the latest practicable date and shall furnish Parent and Purchaser with such information and assistance (including periodic updates of such
information) as Parent or Purchaser or their agents may reasonably request in communicating the Offer to the record and beneficial holders of the Shares. 

1.4.    
Directors
.    (a)  Promptly upon the purchase by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer or otherwise of such number of Shares as represents at
least a majority of the outstanding Shares, and from time to time thereafter, Purchaser shall be entitled to designate such number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Board of Directors of the Company as will give Purchaser
representation on the Board of Directors of the Company equal to the product of the number of directors on the Board of Directors of the Company and the percentage that such number of Shares so purchased bears to the number of Shares outstanding,
and the Company shall, upon request by Purchaser, promptly increase the size of the Board of Directors of the Company or use its best efforts to secure the resignations of such number of directors as is necessary to provide Purchaser with such level
of representation and shall cause Purchasers designees to be so elected. The Company will also use its best efforts to cause Persons designated by Purchaser to constitute (subject to any limitations imposed by applicable law or NASD (as
defined below) rule) the same percentage as is on the entire Board of Directors of the Company to be on (i) each committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and (ii) each Board of Directors and each committee thereof of each subsidiary of the
Company. The Companys obligations to appoint designees to its Board of Directors shall be subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act. At the request of Purchaser, the Company shall take all actions necessary to effect any such election or
appointment of Purchasers designees, including mailing to its stockholders the information required by Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-l promulgated thereunder which, unless Purchaser otherwise elects, shall be so mailed
together with the Schedule 14D-9. Parent and Purchaser will supply to the Company all information with respect to themselves and their respective officers, directors and affiliates required by such Section and Rule. 

(b)  Following the election or appointment of Purchasers
designees pursuant to Section 1.4(a) and prior to the Effective Time (as defined in Section 2.2), and so long as there shall be at least one Continuing Director (as defined below), any amendment or termination of this Agreement requiring action by
the Board of Directors of the Company, any extension of time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of Parent or Purchaser under this Agreement and any waiver of compliance with any of the agreements or conditions under this
Agreement for the benefit of the Company or any exercise of the Companys rights or remedies under this Agreement will require the concurrence of a majority of the directors of the Company then in office who are directors of the Company on the
date hereof or their successors designated by the Continuing Directors then in office (the 
Continuing Directors
). 

ARTICLE II 

THE MERGER 

2.1.    
The Merger
.    At the Effective Time (as defined below), upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this
Agreement and in accordance with the DGCL, Purchaser shall be merged with and into the Company (the 
Merger
). Following the Merger, the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation (the 
Surviving
Corporation
) and shall continue its existence under the DGCL, and the separate corporate existence of Purchaser shall cease. 

2.2.    
Effective Time
.    Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Parent, Purchaser and the Company shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of
merger complying with Section 251 of the DGCL with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the 
Certificate of Merger
) on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 2.3). The Merger shall become effective upon such filing or
at such time thereafter as the parties shall agree and as shall be provided in the Certificate of Merger (the 
Effective Time
). 

2.3.    
Closing of the Merger
.    The closing of the Merger (the 
Closing
) will take place at a time and on a date (the 
Closing
Date
) to be specified by Parent, which shall be no later than the fifth Business Day (as defined in Section 10.11) after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII, at the offices of Parent (or such other location
to be specified by Parent), unless another time or date is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto. 

2.4.    
Effects of the Merger
.    The Merger shall have the effects set forth in the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time
all the properties, rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises of the Company and Purchaser shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities, obligations and duties of the Company and Purchaser shall become the debts,
liabilities, obligations and duties of the Surviving Corporation. 

2.5.    
Certificate of Incorporation;
By-Laws
.    The certificate of incorporation of the Company shall, by virtue of the Merger, be amended and restated as of the Effective Time to contain the text of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Purchaser as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, except as necessary to reflect the fact that the name of the Surviving Corporation, from and after the Effective Time, shall continue to be Numerical Technologies, Inc. and as so amended
and restated, such certificate of incorporation shall (as amended from time to time) be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation. The by-laws of Purchaser in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the by-laws of
the Surviving Corporation and shall be amended in due course to reflect the fact that the name of the Surviving Corporation, from and after the Effective Time, shall be Numerical Technologies, Inc. 

2.6.    
Directors and Officers
.    The directors and officers of Purchaser immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Surviving Corporation until successors are duly elected or
appointed and qualified. 

2.7.    
Stockholders
Meeting
.    Unless the Merger is consummated in accordance with Section 253 of the DGCL as contemplated by Section 2.8, and subject to applicable law, the Company, acting through its Board of Directors, shall, in accordance
with applicable law, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a special meeting (the 
Special Meeting
) of its stockholders as soon as practicable following the consummation of the Offer for the purpose of adopting the agreement
of merger (within the meaning of Section 251 of the DGCL) set forth in this Agreement and include in the Proxy Statement (as defined in Section 4.7) the recommendation of its Board of Directors that stockholders of the Company vote in favor of the
adoption of the agreement of merger set forth in this Agreement. Parent and Purchaser each agree that, at the Special Meeting, all of the Shares acquired pursuant to the Offer, the Stockholder Tender Agreement or otherwise by Parent or Purchaser or
any of their subsidiaries will be voted in favor of the Merger. 

2.8.    
Merger Without
Meeting of Stockholders
.    If Purchaser, or any other direct or indirect subsidiary of Parent, shall hold at least 90 percent of the outstanding shares of each class of capital stock of the Company, each of Parent, Purchaser
and the Company shall take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective, as soon as practicable after the consummation of the Offer, without a meeting of stockholders of the Company, in accordance with Section 253 of
the DGCL. 

ARTICLE III 

CONVERSION OF SECURITIES 

3.1.    
Conversion of Securities
.    At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of any of the parties hereto or any holder of any securities or
interests of or in the Company or Purchaser: 

(a)  
Conversion of Purchaser Common
Stock
.  Each share of common stock of Purchaser outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into a share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Surviving Corporation. 

(b)  
Cancellation of Treasury Shares and Parent-Owned Shares
.  Each share of Company Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that is owned by the Company or Parent or any of their respective wholly-owned subsidiaries shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered or
deliverable in exchange therefor. 

(c)  
Conversion of Company Common Stock
.  Each share
of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Shares to be cancelled in accordance with Section 3.1(b)) shall be converted into the right to receive in cash an amount per share (subject to any
applicable withholding tax specified in Section 3.6) equal to the Offer Price, without interest (the 
Merger Consideration
), upon the surrender of the certificate representing such Shares as provided in Section 3.3. At the
Effective Time all such Shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of such Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger
Consideration as provided herein. 

3.2.    
Stock Options and Other Stock
Plans
.    (a)  As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, Parent and the Company (or, if appropriate, the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
administering the Companys 1997 Stock Plan, 2000 Stock Plan, 2001 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, Cadabra Design Libraries Inc. Stock Option Plan and Cadabra Design Libraries Inc. U.S. Stock Option Plan (collectively, the 
Company
Option Plans
)) shall take such action as may be required or desirable to effect the following provisions of this Section 3.2(a), including taking such action as is necessary to avoid the acceleration of the vesting of options under the
Cadabra Designs Libraries Inc. Stock Option Plan. Except as may otherwise be provided in any agreement on terms specified in Section 3.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, effective as of the Effective Time (i) each then outstanding option to
purchase Shares (each a 
Company Stock Option
) granted pursuant to the Company Option Plans or otherwise granted by the Company to any current or former employee or director of, or consultant to, the Company or any of its
subsidiaries shall be assumed by Parent and shall be converted into an option (an 
Assumed Stock Option
) to purchase a number of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Parent (including the associated rights to
purchase shares of Series A Participating Preferred Stock)(the 
Parent Common Stock
) (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to (x) the number of Shares subject to such Company Stock Option immediately prior to the
Effective Time multiplied by (y) the Option Conversion Ratio and (ii) the per share exercise price for shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each such Assumed Stock Option shall be equal to (1) the exercise price per share of
Company Common Stock at which such Company Stock Option was exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by (2) the Option Conversion Ratio; 
provided
,
 however
, that in the case of any Company Stock Option to which
Section 421 of the Code applies by reason of its qualification under Section 422 of the Code, the conversion formula shall be adjusted, if necessary, to comply with Section 424(a) of the Code by rounding up the resulting exercise price to the
nearest whole cent

and by rounding down the number of shares subject to the assumed option to the nearest whole number. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Assumed Stock Option shall be subject to the same
terms and conditions (including expiration date, vesting and exercise provisions) as were applicable to the corresponding Company Stock Options immediately prior to the Effective Time; 
provided
, that the Parent Board of Directors or a
committee thereof shall succeed to the authority and responsibility of the Company Board of Directors or any committee thereof. For purposes of this Agreement, the term 
Option Conversion Ratio
 means a fraction, the numerator of
which is the Offer Price and the denominator of which is the average for the five trading-day period ending with the trading-day immediately preceding the date on which the Effective Time occurs of the average of the high and low prices for trades
in Parent Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market Trading System, as reported by the Wall Street Journal (or, if not so reported, as reported by another reputable source selected by Parent), appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock
dividends, recapitalizations or similar events. 

(b)  As soon as reasonably practicable following the
Effective Time, Parent shall take such actions as are reasonably necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of Parent Common Stock upon the exercise of the Assumed Stock Options. Parent shall use its best efforts to prepare and
file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 or other appropriate form with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock subject to the Assumed Stock Options and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement or registration
statements covering such Assumed Stock Options (and maintain the current status of the prospectus or prospectuses contained therein) for so long as such Assumed Stock Options remain outstanding. 

(c)  Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all necessary or appropriate action (including amending any of the Company Option Plans and related
award agreements or making adjustments as permitted thereby) to preclude the grant of any additional options or other awards of any type under any of the Company Option Plans or otherwise from and after the Effective Time. 

(d)  The Company shall take such action as is necessary to (i) cause the exercise (as of a date that is no later than three
Business Days prior to the date in which occurs the Effective Time) of each outstanding purchase right under the Companys 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 
Company Stock Purchase Plan
) and (ii) provide that no further
purchase period shall commence under such plan; 
provided
, that such exercise and cessation of further purchase periods shall be conditioned upon the consummation of the Merger. On such new exercise date, the Company shall apply the funds
credited as of such date under the applicable Company Stock Purchase Plan within each participants payroll withholding account to the purchase of whole shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Company Stock Purchase
Plan. At the Effective Time, a holder of such Shares received under the Company Stock Purchase Plans shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of such holder, be entitled to receive the Merger Consideration (subject to any
applicable withholding tax as specified in Section 3.6 hereof), upon the surrender of the certificate representing such Shares as provided in Section 3.3. Immediately prior to and effective as of the Effective Time and subject to the consummation of
the Merger, the Company shall terminate the Company Stock Purchase Plan. 

3.3.    
Payment for
Shares
.    (a)  From time to time after the Effective Time, Parent will cause Purchaser to make available to a bank or trust company designated by Parent and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the 
Paying
Agent
) sufficient funds to make the payments due pursuant to this Section 3.3 on a timely basis to holders of Shares that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (such amounts being hereinafter referred to as the

Payment Fund
). The Paying Agent shall, pursuant to irrevocable instructions, make the payments provided for in the preceding sentence out of the Payment Fund. The Payment Fund shall not be used for any other purpose, except as
provided in this Agreement. 

(b)  As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each record holder, as of the Effective Time, of an outstanding certificate or certificates (the 
Certificates
) which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented
Shares (other than Shares owned by Parent or Purchaser or any of their respective subsidiaries and Dissenting Shares), a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent) and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificate and receiving payment therefor. Following surrender to the Paying Agent of a
Certificate, together with such letter of transmittal duly executed and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the Paying Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be paid in exchange therefor cash in an amount (subject to any
applicable withholding tax as specified in Section 3.6) equal to the product of the number of Shares represented by such Certificate multiplied by the Merger Consideration, and such Certificate shall forthwith be canceled. No interest will be paid
or accrued on the cash payable upon the surrender of the Certificates. If payment is to be made to a person other than the person in whose name the Certificate surrendered is registered, it shall be a condition of payment that the Certificate so
surrendered shall be properly endorsed or otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the person requesting such payment pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the payment to a Person other than the registered holder of the
Certificate surrendered or establish to the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. From and after the Effective Time and until surrendered in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.3,
each Certificate shall represent for all purposes (subject to Section 3.8) solely the right to receive, in accordance with the terms hereof, the Merger Consideration in cash multiplied by the number of Shares evidenced by such Certificate, without
any interest thereon. 

(c)  If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation
may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent will deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration with respect to the
Shares formerly represented thereby. 

(d)  Any portion of the Payment Fund (including the proceeds of
any investments thereof) that remains unclaimed by the former stockholders of the Company for six months after the Effective Time shall be repaid to Parent or otherwise on the instruction of Parent. Any former stockholders of the Company who have
not complied

with this Article III prior to the end of such six-month period shall thereafter look only to Parent (subject to abandoned property, escheat or other similar laws) but only as general creditors
thereof for payment of their claim for the Merger Consideration, without any interest thereon. Neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to any holder of Shares for any monies delivered from the Payment Fund or otherwise to a
public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. If any Certificates shall not have been surrendered prior to two years after the Effective Time (or such earlier date as shall be immediately prior to the date
that such unclaimed funds would otherwise become subject to any abandoned property, escheat or similar law) unclaimed funds payable with respect to such Certificates shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, become the property of Parent,
free and clear of all claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto. 

3.4.    
No Further Ownership Rights
.    All cash issued upon conversion of the Shares in accordance with the terms of this Article III shall be deemed to have been issued or paid in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the Shares. 

3.5.    
Investment of the Payment
Fund
.    The Paying Agent shall invest the Payment Fund as directed by Parent on a daily basis. Any interest and other income resulting from any such investment shall promptly be paid to Parent. 

3.6.    
Withholding Rights
.    Each of the Surviving Corporation and Parent shall be
entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable to holders of Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any provision of a Tax Law (as the term Tax is defined in Section 4.16(k) hereof). To the extent that amounts are so withheld by the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be,
such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement and the Offer as having been paid to the holder of the Shares in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case
may be. 

3.7.    
Stock Transfer Books
.    The stock transfer books
of the Company shall be closed immediately upon the Effective Time and there shall be no further registration of transfers of Shares thereafter on the records of the Company. On or after the Effective Time, any Certificates presented to the Exchange
Agent or Parent for any reason shall, subject to Section 3.3(d), be exchanged for the Merger Consideration with respect to the Shares formerly represented thereby, subject to applicable law in the case of Dissenting Shares. 

3.8.    
Dissenting Shares
.    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
Shares which are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and which are held by stockholders exercising appraisal rights available under Section 262 of the DGCL (the 
Dissenting Shares
) shall not be converted
into or be exchangeable for the right to receive the Merger Consideration, unless and until such holders shall have failed to perfect or shall have effectively withdrawn or lost their rights to appraisal under the DGCL. Dissenting Shares shall be
treated in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL. If any such holder shall have failed to perfect or shall have effectively withdrawn or lost such right to appraisal, such holders Shares shall thereupon

be converted into and become exchangeable only for the right to receive, as of the Effective Time, the Merger Consideration without any interest thereon. The Company shall give Parent and
Purchaser (a) prompt notice of any written demands for appraisal of any Shares, attempted withdrawals of such demands and any other instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company relating to rights to be paid the fair
value of Dissenting Shares, as provided in Section 262 of the DGCL and (b) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to demands for appraisal under the DGCL. The Company shall not, except with the prior written
consent of Parent, voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demands for appraisals of capital stock of the Company, offer to settle or settle any demands or approve any withdrawal of any such demands. 

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 

Except as set forth in the section of the
disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement (the 
Company Disclosure Schedule
) that specifically relates to the correspondingly numbered section of this Article IV, the Company
hereby represents and warrants to each of Parent and Purchaser as follows: 

4.1.    
Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries
.    (a)  The Company and each of its subsidiaries is a corporation or legal entity duly organized, validly existing and (in
those jurisdictions in which there is an applicable concept of good standing) in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has all requisite corporate, partnership or similar power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and to carry on its businesses as now conducted. 

(b)  Section 4.1(b)(i) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth (i) a list of all subsidiaries of the Company and (ii) in the case of such subsidiaries not wholly-owned by the Company (A) the identity of any other entity or person that owns, directly or indirectly,
beneficially or of record, any shares of capital stock or other security, or any option to purchase any shares of capital stock or other security, or any other investment in such entity (and all rights, privileges and preferences of any such
beneficial or record holder with respect thereto, including repurchase rights, put rights, cancellation rights, co-sale rights, registration rights or other rights affecting the shares or options held by such third party) and the number of shares or
other securities, options or other investment so owned and (B) with regard to the entity in which such investment is held, all jurisdictions where such entities conduct business or own assets. The Company does not own, directly or indirectly,
beneficially or of record, any shares of capital stock or other security of any other entity or any other investment in any entity that is not listed on Section 4.1(b) to the Company Disclosure Schedule. 

(c)  The Company and each of its subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed and in good standing to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so duly qualified or licensed and (in those
jurisdictions in which there is an applicable concept of good standing) in good standing has not had, and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 10.11) on the Company. 

(d)  The Company has heretofore delivered or made available to Parent
accurate and complete copies of the articles or certificate of incorporation and bylaws or other similar organizational documents, as currently in effect, of (i) the Company and (ii) each of its material subsidiaries. 

4.2.    
Capitalization of the Company and Its Subsidiaries
.    (a)  The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) one hundred million (100,000,000) shares of Company Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and (ii) five million (5,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the

Company Preferred Stock
). As of January 10, 2003 (the 
Capitalization Date
) (i) 33,510,941 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding; (ii) 376,028 shares of Company Common Stock were subject to
outstanding options issued pursuant to the Companys 1997 Stock Option Plan; (iii) 5,849,354 shares of Company Common Stock were subject to outstanding options issued pursuant to the Companys 2000 Stock Option Plan; (iv) 270,833 shares of
Company Common Stock were subject to outstanding options issued pursuant to the Companys 2001 Non-Statutory Stock Option Plan; (v) 83,590 shares of Company Common Stock were subject to outstanding options issued pursuant to the Cadabra Design
Libraries, Inc. Stock Option Plan ; (vi) 58,206 shares of Company Common Stock were subject to outstanding options issued pursuant to the Cadabra Design Libraries, Inc. U.S. Stock Option Plan; (vii) 278,755 shares of Company Common Stock were
reserved for issuance on exchange of the Exchangeable Shares of Numerical Technologies Canada Inc. (f/k/a Cadabra Design Automation Inc.) (the 
CDAI Exchangeable Shares
); (viii) no shares of Company Common Stock were issued and
held in the treasury of the Company and (ix) no Company Preferred Stock was issued or outstanding. Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of all holders of options to acquire Shares, including each such
persons name, the number of options (vested, unvested and total) held by such person as of the Capitalization Date and the exercise price for each such option. All the outstanding Shares are, and the exercise of outstanding options described
in the second sentence of this Section 4.2 will be, when issued in accordance with the terms thereof, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Since the Capitalization Date, there have been no issuances of shares of the
capital stock or other securities of the Company or of options, warrants or rights with respect to shares of Company Common Stock or other securities of the Company, other than issuances of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of
options outstanding on the Capitalization Date as fully reflected on Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule. Except as set forth above or in Section 4.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and except for the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement (1) there are no shares of capital stock of the Company authorized, issued or outstanding, (2) there are no authorized or outstanding options, warrants, calls, preemptive rights, subscriptions or other rights, agreements, arrangements
or commitments of any character (whether or not conditional) relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, obligating the Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue, transfer or sell or cause to be
issued, transferred or sold any shares of capital stock or other equity interest in the Company of any of its subsidiaries or securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares or equity

interests, or obligating the Company or any of its subsidiaries to grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, subscription or other right, agreement, arrangement or commitment,
(3) there are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Shares or other capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or to make any payments based on
the market price or value of shares or other capital stock of the Company or its subsidiaries, or to provide funds to make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any subsidiary or any other entity other than
loans to wholly-owned subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, and (4) there are no outstanding shareholder agreements, voting agreements, option agreements, buy-sell agreements, rights of first refusal or first offer, registration rights
agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the equity securities of any subsidiary. 

(b)  All of the capital stock of the Companys subsidiaries owned by the Company, directly or indirectly, is free and clear of any Lien or any other limitation or restriction (including any restriction on the right to
vote or sell the same, except as may be provided as a matter of Law), and there are no irrevocable proxies with respect to such capital stock. For purposes of this Agreement, 
Lien
 means, with respect to any asset (including,
without limitation, any security) any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset other than (i) the lien of current taxes not yet due and payable and (ii) liens and encumbrances that have
arisen in the ordinary course of business and which do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto. 

(c)  The making and the consummation of the Offer, the consummation of the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby will not trigger, and neither the Company nor the Board (nor any
committee thereof) shall take any action to cause with respect to any Company Stock Options, (i) the acceleration of vesting provisions of or (ii) the termination of any rights by the Company to repurchase any outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock or option to buy Company Common Stock, except, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), as required by the agreements set forth (together with the identities of the holders of the Company Stock Options so subject to acceleration or
termination and the number of such Options) in Section 4.2(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. 

4.3.    
Authority Relative to this Agreement
.    (a)  The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The Board of Directors of the Company (the 
Company Board
) at a meeting or meetings duly called and held has unanimously (A) determined that the Offer and the Merger are advisable and fair to and
in the best interests of, the stockholders of the Company, (B) approved and adopted the agreement of merger (as such term is used in Section 251 of the DGCL) contained in this Agreement, (C) resolved to recommend acceptance of the Offer and approval
and adoption of the agreement of merger contained in this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company and (D) irrevocably taken all necessary steps to approve Parent and Purchaser becoming interested stockholders within the meaning of
Section 203 of the DGCL and causing said Section 203 to be inapplicable to Parent and Purchaser and to the Merger, the Stockholder Tender Agreement and the acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Stockholder Tender Agreement. No other
corporate proceedings on the part of the

Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (other than, with respect to the Merger and the agreement of merger (within the meaning of
Section 251 of the DGCL contained within this Agreement), the approval and adoption of the agreement of merger contained in this Agreement by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Company Common Stock prior to consummation of the Merger
(unless the Merger is consummated pursuant to Section 253 of the DGCL)). This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid, legal and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors
rights or by general equity principles. 

(b)  Unless the Merger is consummated pursuant to Section 253
of the DGCL as contemplated by Section 2.8, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Company Common Stock as of the record date for the Special Meeting is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of capital
stock of the Company necessary to adopt the agreement of merger contained within this Agreement and approve the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger. Purchaser will have full voting power with respect to any Shares purchased
pursuant to the Offer or the Stockholder Tender Agreement. 

4.4.    
SEC Reports; Financial
Statements
.    (a)  The Company has timely filed all required forms, reports and documents with the SEC since January 1, 2000, each of which has complied in all material respects with all applicable requirements of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act
) or the Exchange Act, each as in effect on the dates such forms, reports and documents were filed. No subsidiary of the Company has filed, or is required to file, any
form, report or other document with the SEC. The Company has heretofore made available to Parent in the form filed with the SEC (including any amendments thereto) (i) its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for each of the fiscal years ended December 31,
2000 and 2001; (ii) all definitive proxy statements relating to the Companys meetings of stockholders (whether annual or special) held since January 1, 2000 and prior to the date hereof; and (iii) all other reports or registration statements
filed by the Company with the SEC since January 1, 2000 and prior to the date hereof (the forms, reports and documents referred to in clauses (y) (i), (ii) and (iii) are collectively referred to herein as the 
Company SEC Reports
).
None of such forms, reports or documents, including, without limitation, any financial statements, exhibits or schedules included or incorporated by reference therein, contained, when filed, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated or incorporated by reference therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(b)  The audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company included (or incorporated by reference) in the
Company SEC Reports complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto and fairly present, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis (
GAAP
) (except as specifically indicated in the notes thereto), the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof

and their consolidated results of operations and changes in financial position for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial statements, to normal year-end
adjustments). The Company has furnished Parent with (x) information with respect to its aggregate orders and revenues for the quarter ending December 31, 2002, which information is accurate in all material respects, and (y) information with respect
to the Companys actual financial results for the 2002 fiscal year and the fourth quarter, and the actual results will not materially differ from the information so provided. 

4.5.    
No Undisclosed Liabilities
.    Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of
any nature, whether accrued, contingent or otherwise, and whether or not required to be recorded or reflected on a balance sheet under GAAP, except (i) liabilities or obligations reflected in the financial statements in the Company SEC Reports filed
prior to the date hereof, including liabilities or obligations adequately provided for or fully disclosed in the Companys unaudited balance sheet (including the notes thereto) included in the Companys quarterly report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended September 30, 2002 (the 
September 30 Balance Sheet
), (ii) liabilities or obligations incurred since September 30, 2002 and prior to the date hereof in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, and since September 30, 2002 which have not had, and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and (iii) liabilities or obligations (of a type and in amounts consistent with those set forth
on Section 4.5 of the Company Disclosure Schedule) incurred or to be incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (including the liabilities described in Section 4.23). 

4.6.    
Absence of Changes
.    Except as and to the extent publicly disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the
date hereof, since December 31, 2001 (the 
Audit Date
) and prior to the date hereof, the Company and its subsidiaries have conducted their business in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and there has not
been from the Audit Date through the date hereof: 

(a)  any event, occurrence or development which has
had, or would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company; 

(b)  any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution with respect to any shares of capital stock of the Company or any repurchase, redemption or other acquisition by the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company of any securities of the Company or of any of its subsidiaries; 

(c)  any
amendment of (or agreement to amend) any term of any outstanding security of the Company or of any subsidiary of the Company; 

(d)  (i) any incurrence or assumption (or agreement to incur or assume) by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company of any indebtedness for borrowed money or (ii) any guarantee, endorsement or other incurrence or
assumption of (or agreement to guarantee, endorse, incur or assume) liability (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company for the obligations of any other person (other than any wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company); 

(e)  any creation or assumption by the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company of any Lien on any material asset of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 

(f)  any making or cancellation of (or agreement to make or cancel) any loan, advance or capital contribution to or investment in any person by the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company other than loans, advances or capital contributions to or investments in wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company; 

(g)  (i)  any contract or agreement entered into by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company relating to any material acquisition or disposition of any assets or business or
(ii) any materially adverse modification, amendment, assignment, termination or relinquishment by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company of any contract, license or other right (including any insurance policy naming it as a beneficiary or a
loss payable payee); 

(h)  any change in any method of accounting or accounting principles or practice
by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, except for any such change required by reason of a change of Law or in GAAP; or 

(i)  any (i) grant of (or agreement to grant) any severance or termination payment; (ii) except as disclosed in Section 4.6(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, entering into (or agreement to enter into) any employment,
deferred compensation, change in control, severance, retention, consulting, indemnification, release or other similar agreement (or any amendment to any such existing agreement or arrangement); (iii) increase in (or agreement to increase) any
compensation or benefits payable or to become payable under (A) any severance or termination pay or benefit plans or policies or (B) employment, deferred compensation, retention, consulting, change in control or severance agreements or arrangements,
other than increases in the ordinary course of business for one or more employees and consultants who are not officers or directors (or family members of officers or directors) of the Company in amounts that are not, individually or in the
aggregate, material; (iv) grant of (or agreement to increase) any bonus or similar payment (annual or otherwise) other than in the ordinary course of business to one or more employees or consultants who are not officers or directors (or family
members of officers or directors) of the Company in amounts that are not, individually or in the aggregate, material or as specified in Section 4.6(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (which Section 4.6(i) sets forth in the case of any such
grantees, the identity of the grantee, the amount of such bonus or similar payment, and the material conditions upon which such bonus or similar payment is payable); or (v) increase in (or agreement to increase) any compensation or benefits (other
than as referred to in clause (iv)), in the case of each of clauses (i) through (v) to or with any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of or to the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than, in the case of clause (v)
only, increases prior to the date hereof in annual salary or wage rates payable to employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than officers, directors or employees with employment agreements referred to in Section 4.18(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule) that have been granted in the ordinary course of business and at regularly scheduled times, apart from increases incident to promotions in the ordinary course of business. 

4.7.    
Schedule 14D-9; Offer Documents and Proxy
Statement
.    (a)  None of the information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliate of the Company for inclusion in the Offer Documents will, at the times such documents are filed
with the SEC and are mailed to stockholders of the Company, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they are made, not misleading. The Schedule 14D-9 will not, at the time the Schedule 14D-9 is filed with the SEC and at all times prior to the purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except that no representation or warranty is made by
the Company with respect to information supplied in writing by Parent, Purchaser or an affiliate of Parent or Purchaser expressly for inclusion in the Offer Documents. The Schedule 14D-9 will comply as to form in all material respects with the
provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder. 

(b)  The letter to
stockholders, notice of meeting, proxy statement and form of proxy, or the information statement, as the case may be, that may be provided to stockholders of the Company in connection with the Merger (including any amendments or supplements) and any
schedules required to be filed with the SEC in connection therewith (collectively, the 
Proxy Statement
) will not, at the time the Proxy Statement is first mailed and at the time of the Special Meeting, contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except that no representation or warranty is
made by the Company with respect to information supplied in writing by Parent, Purchaser or any affiliate of Parent or Purchaser expressly for inclusion in the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with
the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 

4.8.    
Consents and Approvals; No Violations
.    (a)  Except for filings, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and other applicable
requirements of, the NASD Regulation, Inc. (the 
NASD
), the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, state securities or blue sky Laws, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the 
HSR
Act
) and other national merger control laws or foreign investment regulations, and the filing of the Certificate of Merger as required by the DGCL, no filing with or notice to, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any
supranational, national, state, municipal or local court or tribunal or administrative, governmental, quasi-governmental or regulatory body, agency or authority (a 
Governmental Entity
) is necessary for the execution and delivery
by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby, except where the failure to obtain such permits, authorizations, consents or approvals or to make such filings or give such notice does not
have, and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 

(b)  Neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company nor the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any
provision of the respective

articles or certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or similar governing documents) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or
without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or the loss of any material benefit, or the creation of any Lien) under any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any material note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their
respective properties or assets may be bound (collectively, the 
Company Agreements
) or (iii) violate any Law applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, except in the case
of each of clauses (ii) and (iii) for any violations, breaches or defaults which do not have, and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Section 4.8 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
list of all third party consents and approvals required to be obtained under the Company Agreements in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

4.9.    
No Default
.    Except to the extent disclosed by the Company in Section 4.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any term of (i) its articles or certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents, (ii) any agreement or instrument related to indebtedness for borrowed money or
any other material agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or (iii) any foreign or domestic law, order, writ, injunction, decree, ordinance, award, stipulation, statute, judicial or administrative doctrine, rule or regulation
entered by a Governmental Entity (
Law
) applicable to the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for violations which do not have, and
would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 

4.10.    
Real Property
.    (a)  Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries owns any real property. 

(b)  Section 4.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth all leases, subleases and other agreements (the 
Real Property Leases
) under
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries uses, occupies or sublets or has the right to use, occupy or sublet now or in the future, any real property. The Company has heretofore delivered or made available to Parent true, correct and complete
copies of all Real Property Leases (and all modifications, amendments and supplements thereto and all side letters to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party affecting the obligations of any party thereunder). Each Real Property
Lease constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company or its subsidiaries, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent transfer and similar Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights or by general equity principles), and is in full force and effect. All rent and other sums and charges payable by the Company and its
subsidiaries as tenants, or payable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries as sublessor, under each Real Property Lease are current, no termination event or condition or uncured default of a material nature on the part of the Company or any such
subsidiary of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, the landlord or the sublessee, as the case may be, exists under

any Real Property Lease. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has a good and valid leasehold interest in each parcel of real property leased by it free and clear of all Liens, except (i)
Liens for Taxes and general and special assessments not in default and payable without penalty and material interest; (ii) Liens on the landlords interest in the facility being leased which are not currently interfering with the Companys
or any of its subsidiaries use and enjoyment of such real property; and (iii) other liens, mortgages, pledges, encumbrances and security interests which do not materially interfere with the Companys or any of its subsidiaries use
and enjoyment of such real property or materially detract from or diminish the value thereof. 

(c)  No
party to any Real Property Lease has given notice to the Company or any of its subsidiaries of or made a claim against the Company or any of its subsidiaries to the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to any material breach or default
thereunder and the Company has no knowledge of any such claim. 

4.11.    
Litigation
.    (a)  Except to the extent set forth in Section 4.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule as of the date hereof, there is no suit, claim, action,
proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets. 

(b)  There is no suit, claim, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets that, if decided adversely to the Company would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. None of the Company or its subsidiaries is subject to any
outstanding order, writ, injunction or decree. 

4.12.    
Company Permits; Compliance with
Applicable Laws
.    The Company and its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and approvals of all Governmental Entities necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses (the

Company Permits
), except for failures to hold such permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and approvals which would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company and
its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of the Company Permits, except where the failure to so comply would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The businesses of the Company and its
subsidiaries are not being conducted in violation of any Law applicable to the Company or its subsidiaries, except for violations which would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. To the Companys
knowledge, no investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to the Company or its subsidiaries is pending or threatened, nor, to the Companys knowledge, has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to conduct the same.

4.13.    
Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA
.    (a)  Section
4.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each material employment, consulting, severance, termination, retirement, profit sharing, bonus, incentive or deferred compensation, retention or change in control plan, program, arrangement,
agreement or commitment, or bonus, pension, stock option, restricted stock or other equity-based, profit sharing, savings, life, health, disability, accident, medical, insurance, vacation, other welfare fringe benefit

or other employee compensation or benefit plan, program, arrangement, agreement, fund or commitment, including any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (
ERISA
) providing benefits to any current or former employee, consultant or director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any current or former employee, consultant or
director of any entity with respect to which the Company or its subsidiaries is a successor or with respect to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries may have any material liability (collectively the 
Company Benefit Plans
).
True and complete copies of each Company Benefit Plan, including, but not limited to, any trust instruments and/or insurance contracts, if any, forming a part thereof, all material amendments thereto and the most recent determination letters issued
by the Internal Revenue Service, all government and regulatory approvals received from any foreign Regulatory Agency, the most recent summary plan descriptions (including any material modifications), the two most recent annual reports on Form 5500
(including all exhibits and attachments thereto), the two most recent actual reports and the two most recent audited financial reports for any funded Company Benefit Plan have been supplied or made available to Parent. Neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries has any current plan or commitment to create any additional Company Benefit Plan or modify or change any existing Company Benefit Plan that would materially increase the compensation or benefits provided to any employee or former
employee, consultant or director of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, other than to comply with changes in the laws or regulations applicable thereto. Since the Audit Date there has been no material change, amendment, modification to, or
adoption of, any Company Benefit Plan other than to comply with changes in the laws or regulations applicable thereto. 

(b)  With respect to each Company Benefit Plan: (i) if intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code or under any law or regulation of any foreign jurisdiction or Regulatory Agency, to the best knowledge of the
Company, there has been no event, condition or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to result in disqualification under the Code (or the comparable provisions of any law or regulation of any foreign jurisdiction or Regulatory Agency); (ii)
it has been operated and administered in material compliance with its terms and all applicable laws and regulations (including but not limited to ERISA, the Code and any relevant foreign laws and regulations); (iii) there are no pending or, to the
Companys knowledge, threatened claims against, by or on behalf of any Company Benefit Plans or the assets, fiduciaries or administrators thereof (other than routine claims for benefits); (iv) to the Companys knowledge, no breaches of
fiduciary duty under which the Company or a fiduciary could reasonably be expected to incur a material liability have occurred; (v) no non-exempt prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code has
occurred; (vi) no Lien imposed under the Code, ERISA or any foreign law exists; and (vii) all contributions, premiums and expenses to or in respect of such Company Benefit Plan have been paid in full or, to the extent not yet due, have been
adequately accrued on the Companys consolidated financial statements. 

(c)  Neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries has incurred or reasonably expects to incur, either directly or indirectly (including as a result of an indemnification obligation), any material liability under Title I or IV of ERISA or the penalty, excise tax or joint
and several liability provisions of the Code or any foreign law or regulation relating to employee benefit plans (including, without limitation, Section

406, 409, 502(i), 502(l), 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, or Section 4971, 4975 or 4976 of the Code), or under any agreement, instrument, statute, rule or legal requirement pursuant to or under which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any Company Benefit Plan has agreed to indemnify or is required to indemnify any person against liability incurred under, or for a violation or failure to satisfy the requirements of, any such legal
requirement, and to the knowledge of the Company, no event, transaction or condition has occurred, exists or is expected to occur which could result in any such material liability to the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, after the Closing, to
Parent. 

(d)  The Company and each of its subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with, and
each such Company Benefit Plan conforms in all material respects in operation and form to (or has remaining a period of time to conform such plan to applicable legal requirements) all applicable legal requirements, including, but not limited to,
ERISA, the Code and all applicable U.S. and non-U.S. securities laws and regulations except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole. 

(e)  With respect to each employee pension benefit plan (within the meaning of
Section 3(2) of ERISA) as to which either the Company or any subsidiary of the Company may incur any liability under, or which is subject to, Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code: 

(i)  no such plan is a multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA) or a
multiple employer plan (within the meaning of Section 413(c) of the Code); 

(ii)  no such plan has been terminated so as to result, directly or indirectly, in any material liability, contingent or otherwise, of either the Company or any subsidiary of the Company under Title IV of ERISA;

(iii)  no complete or partial withdrawal from such plan has been made by the Company or
any subsidiary of the Company, or by any other person, so as to result in any material liability to the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, whether such liability is contingent or otherwise; 

(iv)  no proceeding has been initiated by any Person (including the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the

PBGC
)) to terminate any such plan or to appoint a trustee for any such plan; 

(v)  no condition or event currently exists or currently is expected to occur that could result, directly or indirectly, in any material liability of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company under Title IV of ERISA,
whether to the PBGC or otherwise, on account of the termination of any such plan; 

(vi)  if any such plan were to be terminated as of the Closing Date or if any person were to withdraw from such plan, neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company would incur, directly or indirectly, any material
liability under Title IV of ERISA; 

(vii)  no reportable event (as defined in
Section 4043 of ERISA) has occurred with respect to any such plan, nor has notice of any such event or similar notice to any foreign Regulatory Agency been required to be filed for any Company Benefit Plan within the past 12 months nor will any such
notice be required to be filed as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

(viii)  no such plan has incurred any accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in Section 302 of ERISA and section 412 of the Code, respectively), whether or not waived, and neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has provided, or is required to provide, security to any Company Benefit Plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code; and 

(ix)  the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in any event described in section 4062(e) of ERISA. 

(f)  With respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is a welfare plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA), neither the Company nor any subsidiary of
the Company has any material obligations to provide health, life insurance, or death benefits with respect to current or former employees, consultants or directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries beyond their termination of employment or
service, other than as required under Section 4980B of the Code or similar laws. There has been no communication to any employee, consultant or director of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company that would reasonably be expected to promise or
guarantee any such retiree health or life insurance or other retiree death benefits on a permanent basis. 

(g)  Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, either alone or in combination with another event (whether contingent or otherwise) will (i) entitle
any current or former employee, consultant or director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any group of such employees, consultants or directors to any material payment; (ii) materially increase the amount of compensation or benefits due to
any such employee, consultant or director; (iii) accelerate the vesting, funding or time of payment of any compensation, equity award or other similar benefit; (iv) result in any parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code (whether
or not such payment is considered to be reasonable compensation for services rendered); or (v) cause any compensation to fail to be deductible under Section 162(m) of the Code, or any other provision of the Code or any similar foreign law or
regulation. 

(h)  Under each Company Benefit Plan which is a single-employer plan and any foreign plan
that is a defined benefit plan, as of the last day of the most recent plan year ended prior to the date hereof, the actuarially determined present value of all benefit liabilities, within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA or,
with respect to any foreign plan, as determined under any equivalent law or practice (in each case as determined on the basis of the actuarial assumptions contained in Company Benefit Plans most recent actuarial valuation), did not exceed the
then current value of the assets of such Company Benefit Plan, and there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition of such Company Benefit Plan (with respect to either assets or benefits) since the last day of the most recent
plan year. 

(i)  Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries maintains any
plan, agreement or arrangement, formal or informal, that provides material benefits in the nature of severance or has outstanding any liabilities with respect to material severance benefits. 

(j)  Neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company has any material liability (including a material liability arising out of an indemnification,
guarantee, hold harmless or similar agreement) relating to any insurance contract held under or purchased to fund a Company Benefit Plan, the issuer of which is or was insolvent or in reorganization or the payments under which were suspended.

(k)  Section 4.13(k) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth any and all indebtedness in excess
of fifty thousand U.S. dollars (US$50,000) owed by any current or former employee, consultant or director to the Company or any subsidiary of the Company. 

(l)  To the Companys knowledge, no Company Benefit Plan, nor the Company or any subsidiary of the Company with respect to any Company Benefit Plan, is under audit or is the subject of
an audit or investigation by the United States Internal Revenue Service (the 
IRS
), the U.S. Department of Labor, the PBGC or any other federal or state governmental agency or any foreign Regulatory Agency, nor is any such audit or
investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(m)  Except for the Company
Option Plans, the Company Stock Purchase Plans and as set forth in Section 4.13(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company maintains any plan, program or arrangement or is a party to any contract
that provides any material benefits or provides for material payments to any person in, based on or measured by the value of, any equity security of, or interest in, the Company or any subsidiary of the Company. 

(n)  Except as set forth in Section 4.13(n) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no material liabilities, whether
contingent or absolute, of the Company or any of its subsidiaries relating to workers compensation benefits that are not fully insured against by a bona fide third-party insurance carrier. 

(o)  The Company has provided to Parent a true and complete list of each current or former employee, consultant, officer or director of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries who, as of the date hereof, holds (i) any option to purchase any shares of Company Common Stock or commitments for future options, together with the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to each such option, the exercise
price per share under each such option, and the expiration date of each such option, (ii) any shares of Company Common Stock that are unvested or subject to a repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition providing that such shares may be
forfeited or repurchased by the Company upon any termination of the shareholders employment, directorship or other relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or which shares are subject to performance-based vesting and (iii) any
other award or right (including share units or stock appreciate rights), directly or indirectly, to receive Company Common Stock (or any other unit of Company equity) or any amount payable by reference to Company Common Stock (or any other unit of
Company equity), together with the number of shares of Company Common Stock (or any other unity of Company equity) subject to such right. 

(p)  With respect to each Company Benefit Plan and with respect to each
state workers compensation arrangement, that is funded wholly or partially through an insurance policy or public or private fund, all premiums required to have been paid to date under such insurance policy or fund have been paid, all premiums
required to be paid under the insurance policy or fund through the Closing Date will have been paid on or before the Closing Date and, as of the Closing Date, there will be no material liability of the Company or its subsidiaries under any such
insurance policy, fund or ancillary agreement with respect to such insurance policy in the nature of a retroactive rate adjustment, loss sharing arrangement or other actual or contingent material liability arising wholly or partially out of events
occurring prior to the Closing Date. 

4.14.    
Labor Matters
. 

(a)  Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreements, and there are no labor
unions or other organizations representing, purporting to represent or, to the Companys knowledge, attempting to represent, any employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any
knowledge of any strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages, lockouts, or threats thereof, by or with respect to any employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

(b)  Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has violated any statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation, or any order, ruling, decree, judgment or arbitration award of any court,
arbitrator or any government agency regarding the terms and conditions of employment of employees, former employees or prospective employees or other labor related matters, including laws, rules, regulations, orders, rulings, decrees, judgments and
awards relating to discrimination, fair labor standards and occupational health and safety, wrongful discharge or violation of the personal rights of employees, former employees or prospective employees, except for any violations which do not have,
and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 

(c)  In
the three years prior to the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has effectuated (i) a plant closing (as defined in the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (the 
WARN Act
) or any
similar state, local or foreign law) affecting any site of employment or one or more facilities or operating units within any site of employment or facility of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) a mass layoff (as defined in
the WARN Act, or any similar state, local or foreign law) affecting any site of employment or facility of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

4.15.    
Environmental Matters
.    (a)  For purposes of this Agreement: 

(i)  
Environment
 means any ambient, workplace or indoor air, surface water, drinking water, groundwater, land surface,
subsurface strata, river sediment, plant or animal life, natural resources, workplace, and real property and the physical structures and improvements thereon. 

(ii)  
Environmental Costs and Liabilities
 mean any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, damages (including compensatory,
punitive and

consequential damages), fines, penalties, judgments, actions, claims, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees, disbursements and expenses of legal counsel, experts, engineers and
consultants and the costs of investigation, monitoring, remediation or other response action) pursuant to any Environmental Law or arising from the Environment, Hazardous Substances or a Release. 

(iii)  
Environmental Law
 means any law (including without limitation common law), statute, code, order, judgment,
decision, rule, regulation, standard, or requirement of any Governmental Entity, or any binding agreement with any Governmental Entity, relating to: (a) the Environment, including, without limitation, pollution, contamination, cleanup, preservation,
protection, or reclamation of the Environment; (b) public or employee health or safety; (c) any Release, including without limitation notification, investigation, monitoring, or remediation of or other response to a Release; or (d) the handling,
use, manufacture, distribution, treatment, storage, disposal, or recycling of or exposure to Hazardous Substances. 

(iv)  
Hazardous Substance
 means any pollutant, hazardous contaminant, chemical, petroleum or any fraction thereof, asbestos or asbestos-containing-material, polychlorinated biphenyls, or
industrial, toxic, radioactive, infectious, disease-causing or hazardous substance, waste or agent, but excluding office and janitorial supplies properly maintained. 

(v)  
Proceeding
 means any order, decree, judgment, agreement, claim, citation, complaint, inspection, investigation, notice,
arbitration or other proceeding. 

(vi)  
Release
 means any spilling,
leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing, or other release of any Hazardous Substance, at, in, on, into or onto the Environment. 

(b)  Except as have not had or would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company:

(i)  The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are, have been and, as of the
Closing Date, will be, in compliance with all Environmental Laws and all Company Permits issued under Environmental Laws, and the Company is not aware of any facts, circumstances or conditions which would prevent the operations of the Company and
its subsidiaries from continued compliance in the future with all Environmental Laws and Company Permits issued under such Laws. 

(ii)  The Company and its subsidiaries have obtained and maintained all Company Permits required under applicable Environmental Laws for the continued operations of their respective
businesses and will, as of the Closing Date, have filed all applications and related documents required to obtain the extension or renewal of all such Company Permits. 

(iii)  There have been no Proceedings against the
Company or its subsidiaries relating to either their current or former operations alleging any violation of Environmental Law or of any Company Permit issued under any Environmental Law or seeking to impose Environmental Costs and Liabilities except
for any violations or Environmental Costs and Liabilities which do not have, and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. To the knowledge of the Company and its subsidiaries, no such Proceeding has
been threatened. 

(iv)  To the Companys knowledge, there has been no Release,
whether on-site or off-site, that has subjected, or is reasonably anticipated to subject, the Company or its subsidiaries to a notification or reporting requirement under any Environmental Law or to any Environmental Costs and Liabilities.

(v)  To the Companys knowledge, there has been no disposal of Hazardous
Substances at, in, on or under any of the properties currently or previously owned or operated by the Company or its subsidiaries. To the Companys knowledge, except in compliance with Environmental Law, there is no asbestos,
asbestos-containing material, polychlorinated biphenyls, or underground storage tanks on any property owned or operated by the Company or its subsidiaries. 

(c)  The Company has provided Parent with copies of all assessments, audits, investigations, asbestos surveys and sampling or similar reports relating to the Environment, Hazardous
Substances, Environmental Laws or any Release, to the extent applicable to the current or former operations of the Company or its subsidiaries and to the extent in the possession or control of the Company. 

4.16.    
Taxes
.    (a)  The Company and each subsidiary of the Company have
timely filed (taking into account all available extensions) all Tax Returns concerning Taxes (or such Tax Returns have been filed on behalf of the Company or subsidiary of the Company, as the case may be) required to be filed by applicable Law, all
such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects, and the Company and each subsidiary of the Company have paid, or, if not yet due and payable, accrued, all amounts shown to be due on such Tax Returns. 

(b)  The amount of the Companys and its subsidiaries liability for unpaid Taxes for all periods ending on
or before the date of this Agreement has been accrued or reserved for in accordance with GAAP on the most recent financial statements contained in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof, other than any liability for Taxes incurred
since the date of such financial statements in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course. For these purposes liability for unpaid Taxes shall include Taxes, penalties,
interest, fines, deficiencies, assessments and governmental charges (including, without limitation, all Taxes that the Company or a subsidiary of the Company is obligated to withhold from amounts paid or payable to or benefits conferred upon
employees, creditors and third parties) relating to periods covered by the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof. Except as set forth on Section 4.16(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, there is no proposed
liability for any material Tax to be imposed upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the most recently ended period and all prior periods for which there is not an adequate reserve. 

(c)  No claim has ever been made by any authority in a jurisdiction
where neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries files Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. 

(d)  No Liens for Taxes exist with respect to any asset of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, except for statutory liens for Tax not yet delinquent. 

(e)  No deficiency with respect to Taxes has been proposed, asserted or assessed against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company in writing by any Tax
authority. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company has received any written or oral notice from any Tax authority of any examinations, audits or litigation involving Taxes, or of any proposed assessments or adjustments regarding Taxes.
There are and have been no examinations, audits or litigation involving Taxes involving the Company or any subsidiary of the Company. As of the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has executed any outstanding waivers or
comparable consents regarding the application of the statute of limitations with respect to any material Taxes or Tax Returns. 

(f)  There are no agreements relating to allocating or sharing of Taxes of which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is liable for Taxes of any other person, or
is currently under any contractual obligation to indemnify any person with respect to any amounts of Taxes (except for customary agreements to indemnify lenders or security holders in respect of Taxes) or is a party to any agreement providing for
payments by the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to any amount of Taxes. 

(g)  Neither
the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company has constituted either a distributing corporation or a controlled corporation within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is or has been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of section 897(c)(2) of the Code and the Company is not required to withhold tax on the purchase of the Company by reason of section 1445 of the Code.

(h)  Neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company has been a member of an affiliated group of
corporations within the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code or within the meaning of any similar provision of Law to which the Company or a subsidiary may be subject, other than the affiliated group of which the Company is the common parent.

(i)  The Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of all Tax Returns of the
Company and its subsidiaries. No audit reports have been issued (or otherwise with respect to any audit or proceeding in progress) relating to Taxes of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company. 

(j)  Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries previously elected to be treated as an S Corporation under section 1361 of
the Code. 

(k)  For purposes of this Agreement: 

(A)  
Taxes
 means all taxes, however denominated, including any interest or penalties that may
become payable in respect thereof, imposed by any federal, state, local or foreign government or any agency or political subdivision of any such government, which taxes shall include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all income
taxes (including, but not limited to, United States federal income taxes and state income taxes), payroll and employee withholding taxes, unemployment insurance, social security, ad valorem taxes, sales and use taxes, transaction taxes, capital
taxes, excise taxes, environmental taxes, franchise taxes, gross receipts taxes, occupation taxes, real and personal property taxes, gift taxes, stamp taxes, transfer taxes, withholding taxes, workers compensation premiums, Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation premiums and other obligations of the same or of a similar nature, whether arising before, on or after the Closing Date. 

(B)  
Tax Returns
 means a report, estimate, declaration of estimated taxes, request for an extension, information statement or return or other information (including any
amendments) required to be supplied to a governmental entity with respect to Taxes including, where permitted or required, combined or consolidated returns for any group of entities that includes the Company or any of its subsidiaries and
information returns or reports with respect to backup withholding and other payments to third parties. 

4.17.    
Absence of Questionable Payments
.    Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, any director, officer, agent, employee, consultant or other person acting on behalf of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, has used any corporate or other funds for unlawful contributions, payments, gifts, or entertainment, or made any unlawful expenditures relating to political activity to government officials or others or
established or maintained any unlawful or unrecorded funds in violation of Section 30A of the Exchange Act. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, has accepted or received any unlawful contributions, payments, gifts, or expenditures. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the provisions of Section 13(b) of the Exchange Act. 

4.18.    
Company Contracts
.    (a)  The Company has heretofore made
available to Parent true, correct and complete copies of (or, in the case of oral contracts, summaries of) each of the following which exists as of the date hereof (including all amendments, modifications and supplements thereto) to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, and which either (x) is in effect (or contains provisions that remain in effect) as of the date hereof or (y) will come into effect (or give rise to actual or contingent obligations that may come into
effect) pursuant to its terms after the date hereof: (i) agreements with individuals providing for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries which require, or may require, payments by the Company or its subsidiaries, or
have a value to the Company or its subsidiaries, in excess of $50,000 on an individual basis, including employment, severance, product design or development, personal services, consulting (for any purpose), non-competition or indemnification
contracts and offer letters with respect to employment scheduled to begin after the date hereof; (ii) agreements with respect to the provision of services by the

Company or its subsidiaries, including consulting contracts, software support agreements, and research and development agreements which require, or may require, payments to the Company in excess
of $100,000 on an individual basis; (iii) agreements with respect to the manufacture or distribution of the Companys or any of its subsidiarys products which require, or may require, payments by or to the Company in excess of $100,000 on
an individual basis, including without limitation, distribution agreements, franchise agreements, original equipment manufacturer agreements, reseller agreements, service agreements, joint sales agreements, territory arrangements, franchise,
commission or agency agreements, joint marketing agreements, cooperative marketing agreements, sales representative agreements conditional sales agreements and other agreements with non-employees involving the payment of commissions or other
consideration in respect of the manufacture, licensing, rental, sale or distribution of the Companys or any of its subsidiarys products or services; (iv) agreements with respect to the joint development of products or technologies,
including joint development agreements, cooperative development agreements, technical development agreements, interoperability agreements, maintenance agreements and quality assurance testing agreements; (v) all employee and severance agreements, or
other agreements, that either have change of control or similar provisions or otherwise have benefits or payment provisions that would be triggered by the Merger or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; (vi) contracts granting a
right of first refusal or first negotiation with regard to a sale of any assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (vii) subscription, shareholder, voting, release, indemnification, partnership or joint venture agreements other than those
entered into solely between the Company and one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries thereof; (viii) agreements for the acquisition, sale or lease other than as set forth in Section 4.10 of the Disclosure Schedule (including leases in connection with
financing transactions) of material properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (by merger, purchase or sale of assets or stock or otherwise) entered into since January 1, 2000 or, if prior to that date, having representations,
warranties or indemnities that remain in effect (except for representations, warranties or indemnities that would not be reasonably expected to result in material liability to the Company or its subsidiaries) or as to which claims are pending or
pursuant to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries retains any payment obligations (including contingent payment obligations); (ix) contracts or agreements with any Governmental Entity; (x) loan or credit agreements, mortgages, indentures or
other agreements or instruments evidencing material indebtedness for borrowed money by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any such agreement pursuant to which material indebtedness for borrowed money may be incurred; (xi) agreements that
purport to limit, curtail or restrict the ability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to compete in any geographic area or line of business; (xii) agreements or arrangements, including but not limited to hedges, options, swaps, caps and
collars, designed to protect the Company or any of its subsidiaries against fluctuations in interest rates, currency exchange rates or the prices of certain commodities and raw materials; (xiii) contracts or agreements that would be required to be
filed as an exhibit to a Form 10-K filed by the Company with the SEC on the date hereof; (xiv) agreements with respect to the settlement of any suits, claims, actions, proceedings or investigations against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties or assets (except for those agreements or portions thereof which are the subject of confidentiality arrangements that would prevent their disclosure in accordance herewith and are so designated in Section 4.18(a)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule), (xv) agreements

granting a security interest in respect of any assets of the Company to any third party; and (xvi) commitments and agreements to enter into any of the foregoing (collectively, the

Company Contracts
). Section 4.18(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all Company Contracts. 

(b)  Each of the Company Contracts constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company or one or more of its subsidiaries, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights or by general equity principles), and is in full force and
effect. There is no default under any Company Contract so listed either by the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, by any other party thereto, and no event has occurred that with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both would
constitute a default thereunder by the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any other party, except for defaults which do not have, and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 

(c)  No party to any Company Contract has given notice to the Company or any subsidiary thereof of or made a claim
against the Company or any subsidiary thereof to the Company or any subsidiary thereof with respect to any material breach or default thereunder. 

(d)  None of the Companys directors or officers, to their knowledge, owns any interest in any distributor of the Companys products. 

(e)  Section 4.18(e) to the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all entities that have entered into a distribution
agreement, original equipment manufacturer agreement or reseller agreement with the Company or any subsidiary thereof, or any other Company Contract that provides for the rendering of distribution services to the Company or any subsidiary thereof
(or who perform such services and have not entered into such a Company Contract), other than contracts or agreements solely between the Company or any subsidiary of the Company and one or more subsidiaries of the Company. 

(f)  The PSM Software Development and License Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2002, between Cadence Design Systems, Inc. and
the Company and the License Agreement, dated as of October 1, 1999, between Cadence Design Systems, Inc. and the Company have not been renewed, and the Company and its subsidiaries have no other (i) distribution agreement, original equipment
manufacturer agreement, reseller agreement or similar agreement, (ii) agreement that either restricts (or would restrict, upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby) the Companys ability to compete in any line of business or
geographic area or (iii) agreement that contains provisions that would cause the Company to forfeit rights under such agreement as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby, in each case, with Cadence Design Systems, Inc. or its affiliates.

4.19.    
Insurance Matters
.    Section 4.19 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of insurance policies (including information on the premiums payable in connection therewith and the scope and amount of the coverage and deductibles

provided thereunder) maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries which policies have been issued by insurers, which, to the Companys knowledge, are reputable and financially sound
and provide coverage for the operations conducted by the Company and its subsidiaries of a scope and coverage consistent with customary industry practice. 

4.20.    
Intellectual Property
. 

(a)  (i)  Section 4.20(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of the following categories of Company Owned Intellectual Property: (A) Trademarks; (B) Patents (including issued and applications
therefor); (C) registered Copyrights; and (D) Network Identifiers; and in each case listing, as applicable, the registration number, and in the case of a registration, the registered owner, and the jurisdiction of registration. Additionally, Section
4.20(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of (E) Company Products and Services and (F) Future Company Products and Services. 

(ii)  Section 4.20(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of: (A) all agreements under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries has been granted
a license or otherwise afforded the right to use, have access to or exercise any other rights with regard to Company Licensed Intellectual Property, other than those agreements for Company Licensed Intellectual Property that is commercial
shrink wrap software or publicly available shareware or freeware software and (B) all agreements under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries has licensed to others the right to access or use Company
Intellectual Property or exercise any other rights with regard thereto except for non-disclosure agreements, in each case with reasonable clarity and specificity. 

(b)  The Company and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable and appropriate steps when deemed necessary in the Companys reasonable discretion to
register all registrable Company Intellectual Property, other than Copyrights, with the applicable authorities in the United States, Japan, China, Korea, Canada, EU, India, Russian Federation, Turkey, Singapore, Benelux, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy,
Taiwan, France, UK, Australia, Switzerland, Israel, Norway, Egypt, South Africa (in the case of Trademarks) and United States, European Patent Office, Japan, Hong Kong, Canada and Patent Cooperation Treaty countries (in the case of Patents), and all
registrations for the Company Owned Intellectual Property, including for Patents and Trademarks, are registered in the name of the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, and are subsisting. 

(c)  The Company and its subsidiaries generally secure valid written assignments from all consultants and employees who
contribute or have contributed to the creation or development of Company Products and Services and Future Company Products and Services of the rights to such contributions that the Company or its subsidiaries do not already own by operation of law.
To the knowledge of the Company and its subsidiaries, each employee or consultant who has made any material contribution to the creation or development of Company Owned Intellectual Property has executed and delivered such an assignment.

(d)  The Company and its subsidiaries have taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect and
preserve the confidentiality of all of the Trade Secrets that

constitute any part of Company Intellectual Property that the Company reasonably intends to maintain as a Trade Secretor of any Company Licensed Intellectual Property. 

(e)  There is no pending assertion or claim: (i) challenging the validity, enforceability, scope or effectiveness of, or
contesting the Companys or any of its subsidiaries rights with respect to, any Company Owned Intellectual Property, or (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, challenging the Companys or any of its subsidiaries rights to use
any Company Licensed Intellectual Property or the enforceability of any agreements or arrangements relating thereto. 

(f)  Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries (i) is a party to any suit, action or proceeding which involves a claim of infringement, breach or misappropriation of any Intellectual Property of any person or (ii) has
brought any action, suit or proceeding against any person for infringement or misappropriation of, or breach of any license or agreement involving, any Company Intellectual Property. 

(g)  Neither Company Intellectual Property nor the use or other exploitation thereof by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (or any consultant, contractor or
employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who contributes to or has contributed to or participated in the creation or development of Company Intellectual Property), nor the Companys or any of its subsidiaries sale or provision
of, or any other exercise of rights in respect of, any Company Products and Services, infringes on, misappropriates, breaches or violates the rights in Intellectual Property of any person, except for such infringements, misappropriations, breaches
or violations that do not have, and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 

(h)  To the Companys knowledge, the Future Company Products and Services material to or necessary for the conduct of the Companys business do not infringe on, violate or misappropriate the rights in Intellectual
Property of any person, except where liability for the foregoing may be avoided by a license available on commercially reasonable terms or by modification at reasonable cost and feasibility of the Future Company Products and Services in
Companys reasonable discretion, and except where such liability would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 

(i)  Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has given or received any notice of default or any event which with the lapse of time would constitute a material default under any agreement relating to Company
Intellectual Property; neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of Company and its subsidiaries, any other party is currently in material default with regard to any agreement relating to Company Intellectual Property,
and to the Companys knowledge there exists no condition or event (including, without limitation, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement) which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute a
material default by the Company or any of its subsidiaries under any agreement relating to Company Intellectual Property that would give any person any rights of termination, cancellation, acceleration of any performance under any such agreement or
result in the creation or imposition of any Lien. 

(j)  To the Companys and each of its subsidiaries
knowledge, there
 are no unauthorized uses, disclosures, infringements, or misappropriations by any person of any Company Intellectual Property. Other than in licenses of Company Products and Services, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has entered into (i) any agreement to indemnify any other person against any charge of infringement, breach or misappropriation of any persons rights in Intellectual Property or (ii) any agreement granting any person the right to
bring infringement or misappropriation actions with respect to, or otherwise to enforce rights with respect to, any Company Owned Intellectual Property. 

(k)  To the Companys and each of its subsidiaries knowledge, Company and its subsidiaries have not unlawfully used, disclosed or appropriated any confidential information or Trade
Secret not owned by the Company or its subsidiaries in the course of conducting its and/or their respective businesses. 

(l)  No person other than the Company, its subsidiaries, and third parties authorized to hold source codes pursuant to an escrow or other agreement, possesses any current or contingent rights to, or otherwise uses, any
computer software source code that is part of Company Owned Intellectual Property. Section 4.20(l) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of all such escrow and other agreements. 

(m)  Except as set forth in Section 4.20(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no third party has the right to receive a
significant portion of the source code of any of the Company Products and Services as a result of any of the Company Products and Services incorporating, comprising, being derived from or being otherwise based upon, in whole or in part, all or any
portion of any software code, module, or element constituting open source software (including but not limited to GPLed software, such as, without limitation, Gnu, MySQL, etc.). 

(n)  As used in this Agreement: 


Intellectual Property
 means any and all intellectual property or proprietary rights in any jurisdiction, whether owned or held for use under license, whether registered or unregistered, including such rights in and
to: (i) trademarks and pending trademark applications, trade dress, service marks, certification marks, logos, trade names, brand names, corporate names, assumed names and business names (
Trademarks
); (ii) issued patents and
pending patent applications, and any and all divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, continuing patent applications, reexaminations, and extensions thereof, any counterparts claiming priority therefrom, utility models, patents of
importation/confirmation, certificates of invention, certificates of registration and like statutory rights (
Patents
); inventions, invention disclosures, discoveries and improvements, whether patentable or not; (iii) works of
authorship, whether or not copyrightable, copyrights, copyright registrations and pending copyright registration applications and mask works (
Copyrights
); (iv) trade secrets (including, but not limited to, those trade secrets
defined in the Uniform Trade Secrets Act and under corresponding foreign statutory and common law), business, technical and know-how information, non-public information, and confidential information and rights to limit the use or disclosure thereof
by any person (
Trade Secrets
); (v); all internet protocol

addresses and networks, including without limitation, DNS domain names, internet e-mail addresses, world wide web (www) and http addresses, network names, network addresses, (such as IPv4) and
services (such as mail or website) whether or not used or currently in service, and any registrations relating thereto (
Network Identifiers
); (vi) claims, causes of action or defenses relating to the enforcement of any of the
foregoing; and (vii) goodwill associated with the foregoing. 


Company Intellectual Property

means any and all Company Licensed Intellectual Property and Company Owned Intellectual Property. 


Company Licensed Intellectual Property
 means all Intellectual Property owned by a third party that Company has license or other right to use. 


Company Owned Intellectual Property
 means all Company Intellectual Property that is owned by the Company or its subsidiaries. 


Company Products and Services
 means all material products and services (not including insignificant ones) commercially
offered, sold, licensed, or otherwise provided commercially by Company and its subsidiaries to third parties within one year immediately preceding, or currently as of, the Closing Date. 


Future Company Products and Services
 means material products and services not qualifying as Company Products and Services that (i) are expected to be
generally offered commercially by Company and its subsidiaries to third parties within twenty (20) weeks of the Closing Date and (ii) are currently embodied in a product or service under formal development or test by Company as of the Closing Date.

4.21.    
Interested Party Transactions
.    Except as set forth in
the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof, no event has occurred since January 1, 2000 that would be required to be reported by the Company as a Certain Relationship or Related Transaction pursuant to Item 404 of
Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. The Company has disclosed in Section 4.21 of the Company Disclosure Schedule all agreements that have been entered into by and between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and any Company subsidiary or
affiliate. 

4.22.    
Opinion of Company Financial
Advisor
.    Credit Suisse First Boston (the 
Company Financial Advisor
) has orally delivered to the Company Board its opinion, to be confirmed in its written opinion dated the date of this Agreement, to the
effect that, as of such date, the consideration to be received by the holders of Shares in the Offer and the Merger is fair to the holders of Shares (other than Parent and its affiliates) from a financial point of view (a true and correct copy of
which will promptly be furnished to Parent). 

4.23.    
Brokers
.    No broker, finder or investment banker (other than the Company Financial Advisor, the fees and expenses of which will be paid by the Company), is entitled to any
brokerage, finders or other fee or commission or expense reimbursement in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based

upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company or any of its affiliates. A true, correct and complete copy of the engagement agreement with the Company Financial Advisor has been delivered
to the Parent. 

4.24.    
Takeover Statutes, etc
.    The Company
Board has approved, for purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Merger, and the execution, delivery and performance of the Stockholder Tender Agreement. The Company
Board has adopted a resolution exempting, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement and the Stockholder Tender Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby from any Takeover Statutes of any state other than
the State of Delaware that purport to apply to this Agreement and the Stockholder Tender Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

ARTICLE V 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

OF PARENT AND PURCHASER 

Except as set
forth in the section of the disclosure schedule delivered by Parent to the Company prior to the execution of this Agreement (the 
Parent Disclosure Schedule
) that specifically relates to the correspondingly numbered section of this
Article V, Parent and Purchaser hereby represent and warrant to the Company as follows: 

5.1.    
Organization
.    (a)  Each of Parent and Purchaser is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware and
has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its businesses as now conducted. 

(b)  Each of Parent and Purchaser is duly qualified or licensed and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of the business conducted
by it makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing does not have, and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or
Purchaser, respectively. 

5.2.    
Authority Relative to This
Agreement
.    (a)  Each of Parent and Purchaser has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by each of Parent and Purchaser and constitutes a valid, legal and binding agreement of each of Parent and Purchaser, enforceable against each of Parent and Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights or by general principles of equity.

(b)  The Boards of Directors of Parent (the 
Parent Board
) and Purchaser (the

Purchaser Board
) and Parent, in its capacity as the sole stockholder of Purchaser, have duly and validly authorized the execution and delivery of this Agreement and

approved the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and have taken all corporate and company actions required to be taken by the Parent Board, the Purchaser Board and by Parent, in
its capacity as the sole stockholder of Purchaser, for the consummation of such transactions. No other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Purchaser are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

5.3.    
Offer Documents; Proxy
Statement
.    (a)  None of the Offer Documents will, at the times such documents are filed with the SEC and are mailed to the stockholders of the Company, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except that no representation is made by Parent or Purchaser with
respect to information supplied in writing by the Company or an affiliate of the Company expressly for inclusion therein. The Offer Documents will comply as to form in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations of the SEC thereunder. 

(b)  None of the information supplied by Parent, Purchaser or any
affiliate of Parent or Purchaser for inclusion in the Proxy Statement or the Schedule 14D-9 will, at the date of filing with the SEC, and, in the case of the Proxy Statement, at the time the Proxy Statement is mailed and at the time of the Special
Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

5.4.    
Consents and Approvals; No
Violations
.    (a)  Except for filings, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and other applicable requirements of, the NASD, the Exchange Act, the HSR Act, and any other national
merger control law or foreign investment regulation, and the filing and recordation of a certificate of merger as required by the DGCL, or any state blue sky or tender offer statute, no filing with or notice to, and no permit,
authorization, consent or approval of, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution and delivery by Parent or Purchaser of this Agreement or the consummation by Parent or Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby except where the
failure to obtain such permits, authorizations, consents or approvals or to make such filings or give such notice does not have, and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. 

(b)  Neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Parent or Purchaser nor the consummation by Parent or
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Parent or Purchaser, or of any similar organizational documents of any of
Parents other subsidiaries, (ii) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration of an
obligation or the loss of any material benefit, or the creation of any Lien) under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which
Parent or Purchaser or any

of Parents subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound or (iii) violate any Law applicable to Parent or Purchaser or any of
Parents subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, except in the case of (ii) or (iii) for violations, breaches or defaults which do not have, and could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent 

5.5.    
Financial
Statements
.    The audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements of Parent included (or incorporated by reference) in the Parents Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2001, and its
subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto and fairly present, in conformity with GAAP
(except as specifically indicated in the notes thereto), the consolidated financial position of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their consolidated results of operations and changes in financial position for the
periods then ended (subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments). 

5.6.    
Availability of Funds
.    Parent has sufficient cash and cash equivalents to satisfy its obligations to purchase and pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

ARTICLE VI 

COVENANTS 

6.1.    
Conduct of Business of the
Company
.    Except as contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in Section 6.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, during the period from the date hereof to the date on which Purchaser first accepts Shares for payment
pursuant to the Offer (the 
Offer Acceptance Date
), the Company will, and will cause each of its subsidiaries to, in all material respects, conduct its operations in the ordinary course of business and with no less diligence and
effort than would be applied in the absence of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or the Company Disclosure Schedule, prior to the Offer Acceptance Date,
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries will, without the prior written consent of Parent: 

(a)  amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or other similar governing instrument); 

(b)  authorize for issuance, issue, sell, deliver or agree or commit to issue, sell or deliver (whether through the issuance or granting of options, warrants, commitments, subscriptions, rights to purchase or otherwise) any
stock of any class or any other securities convertible into or exchangeable for any stock or any equity equivalents (including, without limitation, any stock options or stock appreciation rights), except for (i) the issuance or sale of Shares
pursuant to the exercise of Company Stock Options outstanding on the date of this Agreement, (ii) shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon exchange of the CDAI Exchangeable Shares, (iii) the issuance of options (A) as set forth in Section 6.1(b)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule or (B) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, to new hires of the Company

plus not more than 75,000 additional options per quarter (
provided
, that none of the options permitted by this clause (iii)(B) shall be granted to any officer or director or any family
member thereof), and (iv) as contemplated in Section 3.2(d) with regard to the Company Stock Purchase Plan; 

(c)  (i)  split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock; (ii) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect
of its capital stock; (iii) make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in respect of any shares of its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in their capacity as such; or (iv) redeem, repurchase or otherwise
acquire any of its securities or any securities of any of its subsidiaries, other than with respect to the CDAI Exchangeable Shares or the repurchase of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to existing contractual obligations or, at a price of
not more than the Offer Price, pursuant to existing contractual rights; 

(d)  adopt a plan of complete
or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than the Merger); 

(e)  alter through merger, liquidation, reorganization, restructuring or in any other fashion the corporate structure or ownership of any subsidiary, other than
with respect to any redemption or call of the CDAI Exchangeable Shares; 

(f)  (i)  incur or
assume any long-term or short-term debt or issue any debt securities, except for (A) borrowings under existing lines of credit in the ordinary course of business or in amounts not material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole and (B)
equipment leases pursuant to which the Company is obligated to make payments of not more than $25,000 individually and $100,000 in the aggregate; (ii) assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether directly,
contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person, except in the ordinary course of business and except for guarantees of obligations of subsidiaries of the Company; (iii) make or cancel, or waive any rights with respect to, any
loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person (other than to subsidiaries of the Company); (iv) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of capital stock of the Company or its subsidiaries; or (v) mortgage or pledge any
of its tangible or intangible assets or properties, or create or suffer to exist any Lien thereupon; 

(g)  except as may be required by Law or in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (other than with respect to directors or officers of the Company or their family members) or as expressly permitted
by Section 6.1(b): enter into, adopt, amend, fund, extend or terminate any bonus, profit sharing, compensation, severance, termination, stock option, stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance unit, stock equivalent, stock purchase,
pension, retirement, deferred or incentive compensation, labor, collective bargaining, employment, or other employee benefit, retention, change in control or similar agreement, trust, plan, fund, award or other arrangement; 

(h)  except as expressly permitted by Section 6.1(b), take any action to accelerate the vesting of any Company Stock Options or
other equity based awards, bonus

or incentive compensation or other non-periodic compensation payment or award, or waive or otherwise impair any repurchase rights related to any such awards or compensation, or (except as
required under the terms of agreements that are Company Benefit Plans as in effect on the date hereof) increase in any manner the compensation or benefits of any current or former director, officer, or (except in the ordinary course of business) any
employee or consultant; 

(i)  acquire, sell, lease or dispose of any assets or enter into any commitment
or transaction outside the ordinary course of business which in the aggregate are material to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; 

(j)  except as may be required by applicable Law or GAAP, change any of the accounting principles or practices used by it; 

(k)  revalue in any material respect any of its assets, including, without limitation, writing down the value of inventory or writing-off notes or accounts
receivable other than in the ordinary course of business or as required by GAAP; 

(l)  (i)  acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets or otherwise) any corporation, partnership or other business organization or division thereof or any material equity interest therein;
(ii) enter into any material contract or agreement, other than a contract or agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business; (iii) make any amendment in a manner materially adverse to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole to
any material Company Contracts or any security of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, other than amendments entered into in the ordinary course of business; (iv) authorize any new capital expenditure or expenditures which, individually, is
in excess of one hundred thousand U.S. dollars (US$100,000) or, in the aggregate, are in excess of five hundred thousand U.S. dollars (US$500,000) in any fiscal quarter or (v) enter into any Customer Contract the breach of which would be caused by
(or which would be terminable in a manner adverse to the Company or any its subsidiaries upon) the consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby; 

(m)  make or revoke any Tax election that would result in at least $100,000 of Tax, or settle or compromise any Tax liability that exceeds $100,000, or file any
refund claim that exceeds $100,000, or change (or make a request to any taxing authority to change) any aspect of its method of accounting for Tax purposes; 

(n)  pay, discharge or satisfy any material claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or
satisfaction in the ordinary course of business of liabilities reflected or reserved against in the September 30 Balance Sheet, or incurred subsequent to such date in the ordinary course of business; 

(o)  waive the benefits of, or agree to modify in any manner, any confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, unless, after consultation with outside counsel, the Company Board reasonably determines in good faith that such waiver or agreement to modify may reasonably expected to be necessary for the Company
Board to comply with its fiduciary duties to the Companys stockholders under applicable Law; 

(p)  settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or
claim relating to the transactions contemplated hereby; 

(q)  enter into any agreement or arrangement
that would, after the Effective Time, limit or restrict the Surviving Corporation and its affiliates (including Parent) or any successor thereto, from engaging or competing in any line of business or in any geographic area; 

(r)  enter into any license, consulting agreement or other agreement with respect to the Company Owned Intellectual Property
(other than licenses or other agreements that do not, in any case, involve rights to computer software source code); 
provided
 that the foregoing restriction shall not include any license, agreement or consulting arrangement that is granted in
the ordinary course of business; 

(s)  enter into, or adopt any agreement, or extend, modify or amend
any existing agreement that contains any provision pursuant to which the transactions contemplated by this agreement could constitute a breach or could result in a forfeiture or other significant reduction in the benefits to the Company (and, after
the acquisition, to the Parent) under such agreement; 

(t)  directly or indirectly engage in any
transaction with, or enter into any agreement with, any director, officer or affiliate of the Company or any family member of any such person except for transactions solely between the Company or any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and one or
more wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company; or 

(u)  take, propose to take, or agree in writing or
otherwise to take, any of the actions described in Sections 6.1(a) through 6.1(t). 

6.2.    
Access to Information
.    (a)  Between the date hereof and the Effective Time, the Company will give Parent and Purchaser and their authorized representatives
(including counsel, financial advisors and auditors) reasonable access during normal business hours to all employees, plants, offices, warehouses and other facilities and to all books and records of the Company and its subsidiaries, will permit
Parent and Purchaser to make such inspections as Parent and Purchaser may reasonably require and will cause the Companys officers and those of its subsidiaries to furnish or make available to Parent and Purchaser such financial and operating
data and other information with respect to the business, properties and personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries as Parent or Purchaser may from time to time reasonably request, 
provided
, that no investigation pursuant to this Section
6.2(a) shall affect or be deemed to modify any of the representations or warranties made by the Company. 

(b)  Between the date hereof and the Effective Time, the Company shall furnish or make available to Parent, (i) concurrently with the delivery thereof to management, such monthly financial statements and data as are
regularly prepared for distribution to Company management and (ii) at the earliest time they are available, such quarterly and annual financial statements as are prepared for the Companys SEC filings, which (in the case of this clause (ii))
shall be in accordance with the books and records of the Company. 

(c)  Parent will hold and will cause its authorized representatives to
hold in confidence (and, to the extent applicable, return or destroy) all documents and information concerning the Company and its subsidiaries furnished to Parent in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement pursuant to the
terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and the Non-Solicitation Agreement. The Company will hold and will cause its authorized representatives to hold in confidence (and, to the extent applicable, return or destroy) all documents and information
concerning Parent and its subsidiaries furnished to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreements pursuant to the terms of that certain Confidentiality Agreement entered into between the Company and Parent dated
January 3, 2003 (the 
Parent Confidentiality Agreement
). 

(d)  Any documents or
information disclosed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to Parent in connection with this Agreement and the Merger, including those disclosed pursuant to Section 4.18(a), Section 6.1 or clauses (a) or (b) of this Section 6.2 shall be used by
Parent solely for the evaluation of, and/or transitional planning in connection with, the transactions contemplated hereby and shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to clause (b) of this Section 6.2; 
provided,
 that the restrictions
set forth in this clause (c) shall not apply to the disclosure of any document or information that is exempted from the confidentiality restrictions set forth in the Confidentiality Agreement pursuant to the terms thereof. 

6.3.    
Dispositions
.    Prior to the Effective Time, Parent and the Company shall take all
such steps as may be required to cause any dispositions of Company Common Stock (including derivative securities with respect to Company Common Stock) resulting from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by each individual who is subject
to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under t