URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1100270/000095014403002347/0000950144-03-002347.txt

			NC
		ZIP:			27103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3367222981

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		370 KNOLLWOOD ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			WINSTON SALEM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27103

S-4

g80813sv4.htm

KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUTS, INC. - FORM S-4

sv4



As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on February 25, 2003

Registration No. 333-

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form S-4

REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

North Carolina

56-2169715

(State or other jurisdiction of

    incorporation or organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial

    Classification Code Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

    Identification Number)

370 Knollwood Street

Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27103

(336) 725-2981

(Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of registrants principal
executive offices)

Randy S. Casstevens

Chief Financial Officer

Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.

370 Knollwood Street

Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27103

(336) 725-2981

(Name, address, including zip code, and
telephone number,

including area code, of agent for
service)

Copies to:

Gerald S. Tanenbaum, Esq.

    W. Leslie Duffy, Esq.

    Cahill Gordon & Reindel

    80 Pine Street

    New York, New York 10005

    (212) 701-3000

James M. Jenkins, Esq.

    Daniel R. Kinel, Esq.

    Harter Secrest & Emery LLP

    1600 Bausch & Lomb Place

    Rochester, NY 14604-2711

    (585) 232-6500

Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public: 
As soon as
practicable after the date hereof.

If the securities being registered on this Form
are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding
company and there is compliance with General Instruction G,
check the following
box.    
o

If this Form is filed to register additional
securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same
offering.    
o

If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the
same
offering.    
o

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

Proposed Maximum

Proposed Maximum

Title of Each Class of

Amount to Be

Offering Price Per

Aggregate

Amount of

Securities to be Registered

Registered (1)(2)

Unit (2)

Offering Price (2)

Registration Fee

Common stock, no par value

1,684,925 shares

$32.41

$54,608,419

$4,417.82

Preferred stock purchase rights (3)

1,684,925 rights

N/A

N/A

N/A

(1) 

Represents the maximum number of shares of common
    stock, no par value, of the registrant, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts,
    Inc. (Krispy Kreme), estimated to be issuable upon
    the consummation of the merger of Oliver Acquisition Corp., a
    Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
    registrant, with and into Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc., a
    Delaware corporation (MMB), based on an exchange
    ratio of 0.1501 shares of Krispy Kreme common stock to be
    exchanged for each share of common stock, par value
    $.001 per share, of MMB, and including shares underlying
    outstanding options and warrants exercisable for shares of MMB
    common stock prior to the consummation of the merger.

(2) 

Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating
    the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1) and
    Rule 457(c) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
    based on the high and low sales prices of Krispy Kreme common
    stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on
    February 19, 2003.

(3) 

A right to purchase a fraction of a share of the
    registrants preferred stock is attached to each share of
    common stock. See Description of Krispy Kreme Capital
    Stock.

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its
effective date until the Registrant shall file a further
amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with
Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
until this Registration Statement shall become effective on such
date as the Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a),
may determine.



Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc.

2171 Monroe Avenue, Suite 205A

Rochester, New York 14618

(585) 242-7540

Dear Stockholder:

I am pleased to inform you that the board of
directors of Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc. has carefully
considered and approved an agreement and plan of merger which
provides for the acquisition of our company by a wholly owned
subsidiary of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. Pursuant to the
agreement and plan of merger, each share of our common stock
will be converted into the right to receive 0.1501 shares of
Krispy Kreme common stock. In addition, each of our outstanding
warrants and options shall become exercisable for the number of
shares of Krispy Kreme common stock and at an exercise price to
be determined, using the preceding exchange ratio, in accordance
with the applicable warrant or option agreements. Krispy
Kremes common stock is traded on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol KKD.

Our board of directors has determined that the
agreement and plan of merger and the merger are fair to and in
the best interests of our stockholders. In its evaluation of the
agreement and plan of merger and the merger, our board
considered, among other things, the opinion of its financial
advisor, Capitalink, L.C. Capitalinks opinion provided
that as of the date of such opinion, the exchange ratio in the
proposed merger was fair from a financial point of view.
Capitalinks opinion, which is attached as Annex C to
the enclosed information statement/prospectus, is subject to the
assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth in such
opinion.

Please carefully read the enclosed information
statement/prospectus for information about the agreement and
plan of merger and the merger. We are a Delaware corporation
subject to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
which requires that the holders of a majority of the voting
power of all outstanding shares of our common stock adopt the
agreement and plan of merger before the merger can be completed.
The holders of a majority of the voting power of all of our
outstanding shares of common stock have already acted by written
consent to adopt the agreement and plan of merger. Accordingly,
your approval is not required and we will not ask you to vote on
the transaction. The enclosed information statement/prospectus
should be considered the notice we are required to provide you
under Section 228(e) of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware.

We expect to complete the merger before the end
of our second fiscal quarter. Under the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, the merger may not be completed until
20 business days after the mailing of the enclosed information
statement/prospectus.

Please do not send in your stock certificates at
this time. Promptly after the merger is completed you will
receive instructions explaining how to exchange your stock
certificates for Krispy Kreme stock certificates.

We look forward to the successful completion of
the merger and to your continued support as a shareholder of
Krispy Kreme.

Very truly yours,

Eugene ODonovan

President and Chief Executive
    Officer

Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc.



The information in this
information statement/prospectus is not complete and may be
changed. This information statement/prospectus is not an offer
to sell these securities nor a solicitation of an offer to buy
these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer and sale is
not permitted.

SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED
FEBRUARY 25, 2003

INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

This information statement/prospectus relates to
the issuance of shares of common stock of Krispy Kreme
Doughnuts, Inc. in connection with the acquisition by Krispy
Kreme of Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc. pursuant to an agreement
and plan of merger dated as of January 23, 2003. Shares of
Krispy Kreme common stock to which this information
statement/prospectus relate consist of:

 

1,216,986 shares to be issued to the holders of
    outstanding shares of Montana Mills common stock at the closing
    of the merger;

 

377,954 shares reserved for issuance upon the
    exercise of outstanding warrants;

 

29,945 shares reserved for issuance under the
    Montana Mills 1998 Employee and Non-Employee Director Stock
    Option Plan; and

 

60,040 shares reserved for issuance upon the
    exercise of an option to purchase common stock and warrants
    granted by Montana Mills to the underwriter of its initial
    public offering.

Krispy Kreme common stock is traded on the New
York Stock Exchange under the symbol KKD. The closing sale price
of Krispy Kreme common stock as reported by the New York Stock
Exchange on February 24, 2003 was $32.78 per share.

We Are Not Asking You for a Proxy and You are
Requested Not to Send Us a Proxy.

You should carefully consider the discussion
in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on
page 10.

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR
DISAPPROVED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY
STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION NOR HAS THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.
ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL

OFFENSE.

The date of this information statement/prospectus
is                     ,
2003.



SUMMARY

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

RISK FACTORS

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

THE MERGER

Background Of The Merger

Krispy Kremes Reasons For The Merger

Montana Mills Reasons For The Merger

Opinion Of Capitalink, L.C.

No Regulatory Approval Required

Directors and Officers Of Montana Mills After the Merger

Accounting Treatment

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences Of the Merger

No Appraisal Or Dissenters Rights

Federal Securities Laws Consequences; Stock Transfer Restriction Agreements

INTERESTS OF INSIDERS IN THE MERGER

MONTANA MILLS BUSINESS

MONTANA MILLS MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

DESCRIPTION OF KRISPY KREME CAPITAL STOCK

PRINCIPAL PROVISIONS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNEX A

SIGNATURES

EXHIBIT INDEX

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO

CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS NORTH CAROLINA

CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS ROCHESTER NY

CONSENT OF CAPITALINK, L.C





Page

Summary

Selected Financial Data

Risk Factors

Forward Looking Statements

The Merger

Background Of The Merger

Krispy Kremes Reasons For The Merger

Montana Mills Reasons For The Merger

Opinion Of Capitalink, L.C. 

No Regulatory Approval Required

Directors And Officers Of Montana Mills After the
    Merger

Accounting Treatment

Material United States Federal Income Tax
    Consequences Of The Merger

No Appraisal Or Dissenters Rights

Federal Securities Laws Consequences; Stock
    Transfer Restriction Agreements

Interests Of Insiders In The Merger

Montana Mills Business

Montana Mills Managements Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Description Of Krispy Kreme Capital Stock

Principal Provisions Of The Merger Agreement

Comparison Of Shareholder Rights

Legal Matters

Experts

Where You Can Find More Information

Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc. Index to
    Consolidated Financial Statements

F-1

List Of Annexes

Annex A  Agreement and Plan of Merger

Annex B  Form of Majority
    Stockholders Consent

Annex C  Opinion of Capitalink, L.C.

i



SUMMARY

This summary contains selected information
from this information statement/prospectus and may not contain
all of the information that is important to you. To understand
the merger more fully and for a more complete description of the
legal terms of the merger, you should read this entire document
carefully, including the attached Annexes. A list of documents
that we incorporate by reference appears below under the heading
Where You Can Find More Information. In this
information statement/prospectus, Krispy Kreme
refers to Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. and its subsidiaries and
Montana Mills refers to Montana Mills Bread Co.,
Inc. and its subsidiaries.

The Companies

Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.

370 Knollwood Street, Suite 500

Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27103

Telephone: (336) 725-2981

Krispy Kreme is a leading branded specialty
retailer of premium quality doughnuts. Krispy Kreme has
established itself as a leading consumer brand with a loyal
customer base through its longstanding commitment to quality and
consistency. The combination of its well-established brand, its
one-of-a-kind doughnuts, a unique retail experience featuring
its stores fully displayed production process, its
doughnut-making theater, its vertical integration and its strong
franchise system creates significant opportunities for continued
growth.

Krispy Kremes principal business, which
began in 1937, is owning and franchising Krispy Kreme doughnut
stores where it makes and sells over 20 varieties of
premium quality doughnuts, including its Hot Original Glazed.
Each of its stores is a doughnut factory with the capacity to
produce from 4,000 dozen to over 10,000 dozen doughnuts daily.
Consequently, each store has significant fixed or semi-fixed
costs, and margins and profitability are significantly impacted
by doughnut production volume and sales. Krispy Kremes
doughnut stores are versatile in that most can support multiple
sales channels to more fully utilize production capacity. These
sales channels are comprised of on-premises sales and
off-premises sales.

Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc.

2171 Monroe Avenue, Suite 205A

Rochester, New York 14618

Telephone: (585) 242-7450

Montana Mills owns and operates upscale
village bread stores in the Northeastern and
Midwestern United States that produce and sell a variety of
baked goods and satellite cafes that sell the items it bakes at
its village bread stores. Montana Mills 30 village
bread stores and satellite cafes are located primarily in
suburban areas in New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Connecticut.
Montana Mills also owns and operates one permanent kiosk located
in a shopping mall that also sells baked goods produced at its
village bread stores.

Oliver Acquisition Corp.

370 Knollwood Street

Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27103

Telephone: (336) 725-2981

Oliver Acquisition Corp. is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Krispy Kreme recently formed solely for the
purposes of effecting the merger.

Reasons For The Merger (see
pages 16-17)

Krispy Kreme believes that the proposed merger
will, among other things:

 

provide Krispy Kreme with the ability to leverage
    its existing capabilities, such as its distribution chain, its
    off-premises sales and its coffee roasting expertise, in order
    to expand Montana Mills business into a nationally
    recognized brand;

 

provide Krispy Kreme with the opportunity to
    apply its experience and strength in creating a national
    franchise network towards building a franchise network for
    Montana Mills; and

 

result in significant operating synergies.



Montana Mills Considerations For The Merger
(see pages 17-18)

The board of directors of Montana Mills believes
that, among other things, the exchange ratio and the
consideration to be received by its stockholders in the proposed
merger are fair to all stockholders and that the proposed merger
offers its stockholders:

 

ownership of Krispy Kreme common stock, a
    security with significantly more liquidity than Montana Mills
    common stock;

 

the ability to avoid the potential significant
    negative effect that the expiration of lockup agreements
    pertaining to approximately 1,485,000 shares of Montana
    Mills common stock in July 2003 and approximately
    4,323,000 shares of Montana Mills common stock in June 2004
    would have on the market price of Montana Mills common
    stock;

 

access to the significantly greater financial
    resources of Krispy Kreme which could be utilized to assist
    Montana Mills in the pursuit of its business strategy;

 

the ability to more effectively pursue strategic
    growth opportunities and other expansion strategies as a
    subsidiary of Krispy Kreme, resulting from Krispy Kremes
    experience and track record in building a nationally recognized
    specialty food retail chain; and

 

the ability to capitalize on Krispy Kremes
    experience, strengths and success as a franchisor as Montana
    Mills pursues its franchise strategy.

The Merger

We have attached the merger agreement as
Annex A to this information statement/prospectus. We
encourage you to read the merger agreement because it is the
legal document that governs the merger. Unless otherwise
indicated, the description of the merger contained in this
information statement/prospectus does not give effect to any
adjustment to the exchange ratio, which may occur under certain
circumstances as described under Principal Provisions of
the Merger Agreement  Termination.

What Montana Mills Stockholders Will be
Entitled to Receive in Connection With the Merger

As a result of the merger, Montana Mills
stockholders will be entitled to receive 0.1501 shares of
Krispy Kreme common stock for each share of Montana Mills common
stock that they own, subject to adjustment as described under
Principal Provisions of the Merger Agreement 
Termination. Krispy Kreme will not issue any fractional
shares of common stock in connection with the merger. Instead,
Montana Mills stockholders will be entitled to receive cash for
any fractional share of common stock owed to them as calculated
pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement.

Example:

 

If you own 100 shares of Montana Mills
    common stock, after the merger you will be entitled to receive
    15 shares of Krispy Kreme common stock and a check for the value
    of 0.01 shares of Krispy Kreme common stock. The value of the
    Krispy Kreme common stock that you will be entitled to receive
    will fluctuate as the price of Krispy Kreme common stock changes
    and will be based on the closing sales price of Krispy Kreme
    common stock on the closing date of the merger.

 

On                           ,
    2003, the closing sale price of Krispy Kreme common stock on the
    New York Stock Exchange was
    $                    .
    Applying the 0.1501 exchange ratio to the Krispy Kreme closing
    price on that date, each holder of Montana Mills common stock
    would be entitled to receive Krispy Kreme common stock with a
    market value of approximately
    $                    for
    each share of Montana Mills common stock owned by them. The
    actual value of the Krispy Kreme common stock to be issued in
    connection with the merger, however, will depend on the market
    price of Krispy Kreme common stock at that time, and may be more
    or less than the value given in this example.

Ownership of Krispy Kreme After the
Merger

Krispy Kreme will issue approximately
1,217,000 shares of common stock to Montana Mills
stockholders in connection with the merger. Montana Mills
stockholders will be entitled to own approximately 2.2% of the
outstanding Krispy Kreme common stock after the merger. This



information is based on the number of shares of
Krispy Kreme common stock outstanding on December 6, 2002,
and the number of shares of Montana Mills common stock
outstanding on January 23, 2003 and does not take into
account outstanding stock options or warrants of Montana Mills
which will become exercisable for shares of Krispy Kreme common
stock upon consummation of the merger. As of January 23,
2003, there were 8,107,835 shares of Montana Mills common stock
outstanding.

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of
the Merger (see pages 25-27)

Krispy Kreme and Montana Mills intend that the
merger qualify as a reorganization for federal
income tax purposes. If the merger qualifies as a
reorganization, holders of Montana Mills common stock will
generally not recognize any gain or loss for federal income tax
purposes on the exchange of their Montana Mills common stock for
Krispy Kreme common stock in connection with the merger, except
for any gain or loss recognized in connection with any cash
received for a fractional Krispy Kreme share. The companies
themselves, as well as current holders of Krispy Kreme common
stock, will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the
merger. It is a condition to the obligations of Montana Mills
and Krispy Kreme to complete the merger that each receive a
legal opinion from its counsel that the merger will be a
reorganization for federal income tax purposes.

The federal income tax consequences described
above may not apply to all holders of Montana Mills common
stock. Your tax consequences will depend on your own situation.
You should consult your tax advisor so as to fully understand
the tax consequences of the merger to you.

No Appraisal or Dissenters Rights (see
page 27)

Under Delaware law, the holders of Montana Mills
common stock have no dissenters rights or rights to an
appraisal of the value of their shares in connection with the
merger.

No Regulatory Approval Required (see page
25)

No regulatory approval is required in order to
consummate the merger.

Accounting Treatment (see
page 25)

The merger will be treated as a
purchase for accounting purposes.

Comparative Per Share Market Price Information
(see page 9)

Shares of Krispy Kreme common stock are traded on
the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol KKD. Shares of
Montana Mills common stock are traded on the American Stock
Exchange under the symbol MMX. On January 23, 2003, the
last full trading day before the public announcement of the
proposed merger, the closing sale price of Krispy Kreme common
stock on the New York Stock Exchange was $33.70 per share and
the closing sale price of Montana Mills common stock on the
American Stock Exchange was $4.95 per share.
On                     ,
2003, the most recent practicable date prior to the printing of
this information statement/prospectus, the closing sale price
for Krispy Kreme common stock was
$          per
share and the closing sale price for Montana Mills common stock
was
$          per
share.

Listing of Krispy Kreme Common Stock

It is a condition to the closing of the merger
that the Krispy Kreme common stock to be issued to Montana Mills
stockholders in connection with the merger be approved for
listing on the New York Stock Exchange.

Montana Mills Options and Warrants

Upon consummation of the Merger, each outstanding
warrant and option to purchase Montana Mills common stock will
become exercisable for the number of shares of Krispy Kreme
common stock and at an exercise price per share to be determined
(using the exchange ratio) in accordance with the applicable
warrant or option agreement.

Example:

 

If you own warrants issued in connection with
    Montana Mills initial public offering to purchase 150
    shares of Montana Mills common stock at an exercise price
    of $7.58 per share, upon consummation of the merger your
    warrants will become exercisable for the number of shares of
    Krispy Kreme common stock (at the same aggregate exercise price)
    that you would have received if you had exercised your Mon-



tana Mills warrants immediately prior to the
    consummation of the merger; therefore, upon the payment of
    $1,137 you would receive 22 shares of Krispy Kreme common
    stock and cash in lieu of 0.515 fractional shares (to be
    computed based on the closing sales price of Krispy Kreme common
    stock on the closing date of the merger
    ($          at
    the estimated closing price of
    $          per
    share)).

Krispy Kreme has agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of Montana Mills
warrants that are traded on the American Stock Exchange, which
will become exercisable for shares of Krispy Kreme common stock
as described above upon consummation of the merger. These
warrants will be redeemable by Krispy Kreme if its common stock
trades at 200% of the exercise price of the warrants for at
least 20 consecutive trading days and holders of the warrants
are provided with at least 30 days notice of redemption.
Holders of warrants do not need to exchange their warrant
certificates for new warrant certificates.

Interests of Directors and Officers of Krispy
Kreme and Montana Mills in The Merger (see
page 28)

Eugene ODonovan, a director of Montana
Mills and its President and Chief Executive Officer, and Susan
ODonovan, a director of Montana Mills and its Executive
Vice President and Secretary, each has, and has caused entities
which he or she controls and which together with Mr. and
Mrs. ODonovan constitute the holders of more than 51%
of the outstanding common stock of Montana Mills, to approve the
adoption of the merger agreement and the merger by written
consent as described below under Majority Stockholders
Consent.

In addition, Mr. and
Mrs. ODonovan will become employees of Krispy Kreme
pursuant to five-year employment agreements. In connection with
the merger, Krispy Kreme has also executed a registration rights
agreement with Mr. and Mrs. ODonovan pursuant to
which Krispy Kreme has agreed to register for resale with the
Securities and Exchange Commission the shares of Krispy Kreme
common stock to be received by them in connection with the
merger.

In addition, John W. Tate, Krispy Kremes
Chief Operating Officer, is a member of Montana Mills
board of directors. Prior to formal merger discussions taking
place between the two companies, a mutual decision was made by
Montana Mills board and Mr. Tate whereby
Mr. Tate recused himself from all meetings, discussions and
actions of Montana Mills board relating to a potential
transaction between the two companies. Mr. Tate holds
options exercisable for 40,000 shares of Montana Mills common
stock.

Majority Stockholders Consent

As described above, stockholders holding more
than 51% of the outstanding Montana Mills common stock have
approved the adoption of the merger agreement and the merger. As
a result, no vote by the stockholders of Montana Mills will be
taken because these actions have already been approved by the
written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Montana Mills as allowed by Section 228 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. We have
attached the form of stockholders consent as Annex B
to this information statement/prospectus.

Conditions to the Merger (see
pages 55-57)

Krispy Kreme and Montana Mills will complete the
merger only if specific conditions are satisfied or, in some
cases, waived, including the following:

 

no legal restraints or prohibitions may exist
    which will prevent the consummation of the merger;

 

the shares of Krispy Kreme common stock issuable
    to Montana Mills stockholders in connection with the merger will
    have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange,
    subject to official notice of issuance;

 

all necessary consents and approvals required for
    the consummation of the merger will have been obtained;

 

the other partys representations and
    warranties contained in the merger agreement will be true and
    correct; and

 

each party will have received from its tax
    counsel an opinion stating that the merger will qualify for
    United States federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
    within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
    Revenue Code.



Termination of the Merger Agreement (see
page 57)

Krispy Kreme and Montana Mills can jointly agree
to terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to
completing the merger. In addition, either Krispy Kreme or
Montana Mills can terminate the merger agreement if:

 

the merger is not completed by June 30,
    2003; or

 

a law or final and nonappealable court order
    prohibits the merger.

In addition, Krispy Kreme can terminate the
merger agreement if:

 

the average closing price of Krispy Kreme common
    stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange for the five
    trading day period ending three trading days prior to the
    closing of the merger exceeds $39.15 per share and Montana Mills
    does not agree to recompute the exchange ratio; or

 

Montana Mills has breached or failed to perform
    in any material respect any of its representations, warranties,
    covenants or other agreements contained in the merger agreement.

In addition, Montana Mills can terminate the
merger agreement if:

 

the average closing price of Krispy Kreme common
    stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange for the five
    trading day period ending three trading days prior to the
    closing of the merger is less than $28.93 per share and Krispy
    Kreme does not agree to recompute the exchange ratio; or

 

Krispy Kreme has breached or failed to perform in
    any material respect any of its representations, warranties,
    covenants or other agreements contained in the merger agreement.

Opinion of Montana Mills Financial
Advisor (see pages 18-25)

In connection with the merger, Montana
Mills board of directors received an opinion from
Capitalink, L.C. as to the fairness of the exchange ratio
in the merger from a financial point of view. The full text of
this opinion is attached as Annex C to this information
statement/prospectus. The opinion sets forth assumptions made,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in
connection with the opinion. You are encouraged to read
Capitalinks opinion in its entirety.



SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Krispy Kreme and Montana Mills have provided the
following selected historical financial data to aid you in
analyzing the financial aspects of the proposed merger. The
information is only a summary and you should read it together
with Krispy Kremes consolidated financial statements,
which are incorporated by reference in this information
statement/prospectus, and Montana Mills financial
statements, which are included in this information
statement/prospectus.

The selected historical consolidated statements
of operations data for the nine-month periods ended
October 28, 2001 and November 3, 2002 and for each of
the fiscal years in the three-year period ended February 3,
2002 for Krispy Kreme, and for the thirty-nine week periods
ended October 31, 2001 and October 30, 2002 and for
the fiscal years ended January 30, 2002 and
January 31, 2001 for Montana Mills, have been derived from
the respective consolidated statements of operations for Krispy
Kreme and Montana Mills for such periods incorporated by
reference or contained in this information statement/prospectus.
The consolidated income statements of operations data for the
fiscal years ended February 1, 1998 and January 31,
1999 for Krispy Kreme and for the fiscal years ended
March 1, 1998, February 28, 1999 and February 27,
2000 for Montana Mills have been derived from consolidated
financial statements not incorporated by reference or included
in this information statement/prospectus.

The historical consolidated balance sheet data
for Krispy Kreme as of January 28, 2001 February 3,
2002, and November 3, 2002, and for Montana Mills as of
January 31, 2001, January 30, 2002 and October 30,
2002 have been derived from the respective consolidated
financial statements as of such dates incorporated by reference
or included in this information statement/prospectus. The
historical consolidated balance sheet data for Krispy Kreme as
of February 1, 1998, January 31, 1999,
January 30, 2000 and October 28, 2001, and for Montana
Mills as of March 1, 1998, February 28, 1999,
February 27, 2000 and October 31, 2001 have been
derived from consolidated financial statements not incorporated
by reference or included in this information
statement/prospectus.



Selected Historical Financial Data of Krispy
Kreme

Fiscal Years Ended

Nine Months Ended

Feb. 1,

Jan. 31,

Jan. 30,

Jan. 28,

Feb. 3,

Oct. 28,

Nov. 3,

(In thousands, except per share data)

Statements of Operations Data:

Total revenues

$

158,743

$

180,880

$

220,243

$

300,715

$

394,354

$

277,270

$

354,815

Operating expenses

140,207

159,941

190,003

250,690

316,946

224,055

277,144

General and administrative expenses

9,530

10,897

14,856

20,061

27,562

19,211

21,641

Depreciation and amortization expenses

3,586

4,278

4,546

6,457

7,959

5,955

8,561

Provision for restructuring



9,466











Income (loss) from operations

5,420

(3,702

)

10,838

23,507

41,887

28,049

47,469

Interest expense (income), net, and other

1,577

1,232

(1,698

)

(2,408

)

(2,182

)

(173

)

Equity loss in joint ventures







Minority interest







1,147

1,476

Income (loss) before income taxes

4,525

(5,279

)

9,606

23,783

42,546

29,216

45,167

Provisions (benefit) for income taxes

1,811

(2,112

)

3,650

9,058

16,168

11,102

17,323

Net income (loss)

$

2,714

$

(3,167

)

$

5,956

$

14,725

$

26,378

$

18,114

$

27,844

Net income (loss) per share:

Basic

$

.09

$

(.09

)

$

.16

$

.30

$

.49

$

.34

$

.51

Diluted

.09

(.09

)

.15

.27

.45

.31

.47

Shares used in calculation of net income (loss)

Basic

29,136

32,996

37,360

49,184

53,703

53,540

54,742

Diluted

29,136

32,996

39,280

53,656

58,443

58,270

59,203

Cash dividends declared per common share

$

.04

$

.04

$



$



$



$



$



Balance Sheet Data (at end of
    period):

Working capital

$

9,151

$

8,387

$

11,452

$

29,443

$

49,236

$

43,452

$

66,859

Total assets

81,463

93,312

104,958

171,493

255,376

236,078

375,482

Long-term debt, including current maturities

20,870

21,020

22,902



4,643



53,801

Total shareholders equity

38,265

42,247

47,755

125,679

187,667

175,823

253,882

Krispy Kremes fiscal year ended
February 3, 2002 contained 53 weeks.

All references to Krispy Kreme per share amounts
and any other reference to Krispy Kreme shares in this
information statement/prospectus, unless otherwise noted, have
been adjusted to reflect a two-for-one stock split paid on
March 19, 2001 to shareholders of record as of
March 5, 2001 and a two-for-one stock split paid on
June 14, 2001 to shareholders of record as of May 29,
2001.



Selected Historical Financial Data of Montana
Mills

Fiscal Years Ended

Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended

Mar. 1,

Feb. 28,

Feb. 27,

Jan. 31,

Jan. 30,

Oct. 31,

Oct. 30,

(In thousands, except share and per share data)

Statements of Operations Data:

Sales

$

1,453

$

4,555

$

5,837

$

7,614

$

10,813

$

6,750

$

8,649

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and
    amortization)

1,761

2,694

3,498

5,387

3,396

4,738

Gross profit

2,794

3,143

4,116

5,426

3,354

3,911

Selling, general and administrative expenses

1,459

2,505

3,231

4,922

3,347

4,657

Pre-opening and grand opening expenses

Depreciation and amortization

Income (loss) from operations

1,101

(968

)

(1,109

)

(1,681

)

Interest income

Loss on disposal of assets





(83

)









Financing costs

(3

)

(4

)

(4

)

(419

)

(761

)

(571

)

(365

)

Income (loss) before income taxes and
    extraordinary item

1,180

(1,573

)

(1,534

)

(1,991

)

Income tax expense (benefit)

(615

)

(599

)

Income (loss) before extraordinary item

(958

)

(935

)

(2,428

)

Extraordinary item  loss on early
    extinguishment of debt (net of income tax benefit of $84,000)













Net income (loss)

$

$

$

$

$

(958

)

$

(935

)

$

(2,560

)

Series A Preferred Stock dividends

$

(125

)

$

(437

)

$

(300

)

$

(275

)

$

(300

)

$

(225

)

$

(125

)

Net income (loss) applicable to common
    stockholders

(106

)

(243

)

(1,258

)

(1,160

)

(2,685

)

Net income (loss) per share

$

1,670

$

0.06

$

(0.02

)

$

(0.05

)

$

(0.25

)

$

(0.23

)

$

(0.42

)

Shares used in calculation of net income (loss)

5,000,000

5,000,000

5,000,000

5,000,000

5,000,000

6,391,796

Balance Sheet Data (at end of
    period):

Working capital

$

$

2,025

$

1,438

$

5,518

$

$

$

7,914

Total assets

3,764

3,597

10,571

9,472

9,646

16,076

Long-term debt, including current maturities

6,653

6,660

6,627

2,118

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock



2,500

2,500

2,500

2,500

2,500



Common stockholders equity

(826

)

(728

)

12,590

Montana Mills fiscal year ended
January 31, 2001 was an eleven-month period.



Comparative Per Share Market Price
Information

Krispy Kremes common stock is traded on the
New York Stock Exchange under the symbol KKD. The following
table sets forth the range of high and low closing sale prices
for Krispy Kreme common stock as reported on the New York Stock
Exchange during each of the periods presented.

Montana Mills common stock is traded on the
American Stock Exchange under the symbol MMX. Montana Mills
common stock commenced trading on the American Stock Exchange on
June 27, 2002. The following table sets forth the range of
high and low closing sale prices of Montana Mills common stock
as reported on the American Stock Exchange during each of the
periods presented.

As a result of the merger, Montana Mills
stockholders will be entitled to receive 0.1501 shares of Krispy
Kreme common stock for each share of Montana Mills common stock
that they own, subject to adjustment as described under
Principal Provisions of the Merger Agreement 
Termination.

Krispy Kreme

Common Stock

Market Price

High

Low

Krispy Kreme Fiscal Year Ended
    February 3, 2002

First Quarter

$

21.61

$

15.13

Second Quarter

43.50

20.13

Third Quarter

39.76

25.00

Fourth Quarter

49.60

33.35

Krispy Kreme Fiscal Year Ended
    February 2, 2003

First Quarter

$

43.27

$

35.48

Second Quarter

41.42

29.46

Third Quarter

37.77

28.52

Fourth Quarter

38.90

29.96

Krispy Kreme Fiscal Year Ending
    February 1, 2004

First Quarter
    (through              ,
    2003)

$

$

Montana Mills

Common Stock

Market Price

High

Low

Montana Mills Fiscal Year Ended
    January 29, 2003

June 27, 2002 (date of initial public
    offering) through end

of Third Quarter

$

7.25

$

3.62

Fourth Quarter

5.72

4.25

Montana Mills Fiscal Year Ending
    January 28, 2004

First Quarter
    (through           ,
    2003)

$

$

On January 23, 2003, the last full trading
day prior to the public announcement of the proposed merger, the
closing sale price per share of Krispy Kreme common stock on the
New York Stock Exchange was $33.70 and the closing sale price
per share of Montana Mills common stock on the American Stock
Exchange was $4.95.
On                     ,
2003, the most recent practicable date prior to the printing of
this information statement/prospectus, the closing sale price
per share of Krispy Kreme common stock on the New York Stock
Exchange was
$                    and
the closing sale price per share of Montana Mills common stock
on the American Stock Exchange was
$          .

We cannot give any assurance to you concerning
the market price for Krispy Kreme common stock before or after
the date on which the merger is consummated. The market price
for Krispy Kreme common stock will fluctuate between the date of
this information statement/prospectus and the date on which the
merger is consummated and thereafter.



RISK FACTORS

As a result of the merger, current Montana
Mills stockholders will be acquiring Krispy Kreme common stock.

You should consider all of the information included in this
information statement/prospectus and its annexes and all of the
information incorporated by reference
. In addition you
should pay particular attention to the following risks relating
to the merger, risks related to the operation of Krispy Kreme
and risks related to the food service industry.

Risks Relating to the Merger

The Krispy Kreme common stock to be issued
    in connection with the merger will fluctuate in
    value.

In connection with the merger, Montana Mills
stockholders will be entitled to receive 0.1501 shares of
Krispy Kreme common stock for each share of Montana Mills common
stock, subject to adjustment as described under Principal
Provisions of the Merger Agreement 
Termination. The market price of the Krispy Kreme common
stock to be issued in connection with the merger or to be issued
upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or options will
fluctuate as a result of changes in the business, operations or
prospects of Krispy Kreme, as well as changes in the overall
economy and the condition of the financial markets in general.

For historical and current market prices of
Krispy Kreme shares, see Comparative Per Share Market
Price Information. The actual performance and volatility
of Krispy Kreme common stock and/or the financial markets in
general could vary significantly more or less than that
indicated by historical or current performance and volatility.

Development of Krispy Kremes
    fresh-baked bakery and cafe concept may divert management from
    Krispy Kremes day-to-day operations and may not
    significantly benefit Krispy Kremes
    business.

Krispy Kreme believes that its acquisition of
Montana Mills will facilitate its development of a fresh-baked
bakery and cafe concept. Development of this concept will
require management resources and may divert Krispy Kremes
management from Krispy Kremes day-to-day operations.
Krispy Kreme cannot be certain that the fresh-baked bakery and
cafe concept will ultimately prove successful or will help to
enhance Krispy Kremes competitive position and business
prospects.

Officers and directors of Montana Mills
    have potential conflicts of interests in the
    merger.

You should be aware that some of the directors
and officers of Montana Mills may have interests in the merger
different from or in addition to yours. See Interests of
Insiders in the Merger.

Risk Relating to the Business, Finances and
Operations of Krispy Kreme

Krispy Kremes growth strategy depends
    on opening new Krispy Kreme stores, both domestically and
    internationally. Krispy Kremes ability to expand its store
    base is influenced by factors beyond its control, which may slow
    store development and impair its strategy.

Krispy Kremes growth strategy includes,
among other things, opening additional stores, both domestically
and internationally. The opening and success of these stores is
dependent in part on a number of factors, which neither Krispy
Kreme nor its franchisees can control. If Krispy Kreme is not
able to address these factors successfully, it may not be able
to expand at the rate currently contemplated by its strategy.

If Krispy Kremes franchisees cannot
    develop or finance new stores or build them on suitable sites,
    its growth and success will be impeded.

Krispy Kremes business is dependent upon
Krispy Kremes franchisees developing new franchised
stores. Krispy Kremes franchisees consist of associates
who operate under Krispy Kremes original franchising
program developed in the 1940s and area developers who operate
under Krispy Kremes franchising program developed in the
mid-1990s. Krispy Kreme anticipates most new store growth of



Krispy Kreme stores will be from area developers.
Although associates have the exclusive rights to develop their
assigned geographic territories, most are not contractually
obligated to develop additional stores. Area developers are
generally required under development agreements they enter into
with Krispy Kreme to develop a predetermined number of stores in
their areas over the term of their development agreements. Area
developers may not have access to the financial resources that
they need to open the stores required by their development
schedules or may be unable to find suitable sites on which to
develop them. They may not be able to negotiate acceptable lease
or purchase terms for the sites, obtain the necessary permits
and approvals or meet construction schedules. Any of these
problems could slow Krispy Kremes growth, impair its
strategy and reduce its franchise revenues.

If Krispy Kremes franchisees cannot
    open new stores on schedule, Krispy Kremes growth and
    success will be impeded.

Delays in store openings could adversely affect
Krispy Kremes future operations by slowing new store
growth, which may in turn reduce its franchise revenues and
Krispy Kreme Manufacturing and Distribution
(KKM&D) revenues. Most area development
agreements specify a schedule for opening stores in the
territory covered by the agreement. These schedules form the
basis for Krispy Kremes expectations regarding the number
and timing of new Krispy Kreme store openings. In the past,
Krispy Kreme has agreed to extend or modify development
schedules for certain area developers, and may do so in the
future.

Krispy Kreme may be harmed by actions taken
    by its franchisees that are outside of Krispy Kremes
    control.

Area developers and associates are generally
independent contractors and are not Krispy Kreme employees.
Krispy Kreme provides training and support to area developers
and associates, but the quality of franchised store operations
may be diminished by any number of factors beyond Krispy
Kremes control. Consequently, area developers and
associates may not successfully operate stores in a manner
consistent with Krispy Kremes standards and requirements
or may not hire and train qualified managers and other store
personnel. If they do not, Krispy Kremes image and
reputation may suffer and systemwide sales could decline.

Krispy Kreme is the exclusive supplier of
    doughnut mixes, other key ingredients and flavors to all Krispy
    Kreme stores. If Krispy Kreme has any problems supplying these
    ingredients, its stores ability to make doughnuts will be
    negatively affected.

Krispy Kreme is the exclusive supplier of
doughnut mixes and other key ingredients and flavors to all of
Krispy Kremes company-owned and franchised stores. If
Krispy Kremes business expands according to Krispy
Kremes growth strategy, it will require additional
capacity to produce Krispy Kremes doughnut mixes and other
ingredients. In addition, as Krispy Kremes business
continues to expand on the West Coast and in other geographic
areas, both domestic and international, which are located at
greater distances from Krispy Kremes manufacturing
facilities in Winston-Salem, North Carolina and Effingham,
Illinois, it may incur greater costs in supplying its doughnut
mixes and other ingredients to these areas and may need to
establish one or more additional manufacturing plants. Although
Krispy Kreme has a backup source to manufacture its doughnut
mixes in the event of the loss of its Winston-Salem and
Effingham plants, these backup facilities do not regularly
produce its doughnut mixes. Any interruption of existing or
planned production capacity at Krispy Kremes manufacturing
plants could impede its ability or that of its franchisees to
make doughnuts. In addition, because Krispy Kreme generally
enters into long-term purchase agreements with its suppliers, in
the event that any of these relationships terminate
unexpectedly, even where it has multiple suppliers for the same
ingredient, Krispy Kreme may not be able to obtain adequate
quantities of the same high-quality ingredient at competitive
prices.



Krispy Kreme is the only manufacturer of
    its doughnut-making equipment. If Krispy Kreme has any problems
    producing this equipment, Krispy Kremes stores
    ability to make doughnuts will be negatively
    affected.

Krispy Kreme manufactures its custom
doughnut-making equipment in one facility in Winston-Salem,
North Carolina. Although Krispy Kreme has limited backup sources
for the production of its equipment, obtaining new equipment
quickly in the event of the loss of Krispy Kremes
Winston-Salem plant would be difficult and would jeopardize
Krispy Kremes ability to supply equipment to new stores or
new parts for the maintenance of existing equipment in
established stores on a timely basis.

Any interruption in the delivery of glaze
    flavoring from Krispy Kremes only supplier could impair
    Krispy Kremes ability to make its top
    product.

Krispy Kreme is dependent on a sole supplier for
its glaze flavoring. Although Krispy Kreme is in the process of
identifying an alternative source to produce its glaze
flavoring, it has not entered into an arrangement with such a
source, and any interruption in the distribution from its
current supplier could affect Krispy Kremes ability to
produce its signature Hot Original Glazed.

Krispy Kreme is subject to franchise laws
    and regulations that govern its status as a franchisor and
    regulate some aspects of its franchisee relationships. Krispy
    Kremes ability to develop new franchised stores and to
    enforce contractual rights against franchisees may be adversely
    affected by these laws and regulations, which could cause Krispy
    Kremes franchise revenues to decline and adversely affect
    Krispy Kremes growth strategy.

Krispy Kreme, as a franchisor, is subject to both
regulation by the Federal Trade Commission and state laws
regulating the offer and sale of franchises. Krispy Kremes
failure to obtain or maintain approvals to sell franchises would
cause it to lose franchise revenues and KKM&D revenues. If
Krispy Kreme is unable to sell new franchises, its growth
strategy will be significantly harmed. In addition, state laws
that regulate substantive aspects of Krispy Kremes
relationships with franchisees may limit its ability to
terminate or otherwise resolve conflicts with its franchisees.
Because Krispy Kreme plans to grow primarily through
franchising, any impairment of its ability to develop new
franchised stores will negatively affect Krispy Kreme and its
growth strategy more than if it planned to develop additional
company stores.

Krispy Kremes quarterly results may
    fluctuate and could fall below expectations of securities
    analysts and investors due to seasonality and other factors,
    resulting in a decline in Krispy Kremes stock
    price.

Krispy Kremes quarterly and annual results
have varied in the past, and it believes that its quarterly
operating results will vary in the future. For this reason, you
should not rely upon Krispy Kremes quarterly operating
results as indications of future performance. In some future
periods, Krispy Kremes operating results may fall below
the expectations of securities analysts and investors. This
could cause the trading price of Krispy Kremes common
stock, or the trading price of warrants to purchase Krispy
Kremes common stock, to fall. Factors such as seasonality,
weather, power availability and unanticipated increases in
labor, commodity, energy, insurance or other operating costs may
cause Krispy Kremes quarterly results to fluctuate.

You should not rely on Krispy Kremes
    comparable store sales as an indication of its future results of
    operations because they may fluctuate
    significantly.

A number of factors have historically affected,
and will continue to affect, Krispy Kremes comparable
store sales results, including, among other factors:

 

Unusually strong initial sales performance by new
    stores

 

Competition

 

General regional and national economic conditions

 

Consumer trends



 

Adverse weather conditions

 

Krispy Kremes ability to execute its
    business strategy effectively

It is not reasonable to expect Krispy
Kremes comparable store sales to increase at rates
achieved over the past several years. Changes in Krispy
Kremes comparable store sales results could cause the
price of its common stock to fluctuate substantially.

Some of Krispy Kremes directors own
    Krispy Kreme franchises. The interests of these directors,
    therefore, may be potentially in conflict with Krispy
    Kremes interests.

Some of Krispy Kremes directors own Krispy
Kreme franchises. As directors of Krispy Kreme, these
individuals influence the way Krispy Kremes business is
managed and the formulation of business strategies. The
interests of these directors may, therefore, potentially be in
conflict with Krispy Kremes interests.

Krispy Kremes failure or inability to
    enforce its trademarks could adversely affect the value of its
    brands.

Krispy Kreme owns certain common law trademark
rights and a number of federal trademark and service mark
registrations. Krispy Kreme believes that its trademarks,
including the Montana Mills trademarks acquired in the merger,
and other proprietary rights are important to its success and
its competitive position. Krispy Kreme, therefore, devotes
appropriate resources to the protection of its trademarks and
proprietary rights. The protective actions that it takes,
however, may not be enough to prevent imitation by others, which
might harm Krispy Kremes image or Krispy Kremes
brand position. Although Krispy Kreme is not aware of anyone
else who is using Krispy Kreme, Hot Original
Glazed or Hot Doughnuts Now as a trademark or
service mark, Krispy Kreme is aware that some businesses are
using Krispy or a phonetic equivalent as part of a
trademark or service mark associated with retail doughnut
stores. Krispy Kreme believes that, in the instances where
Krispy or a phonetic equivalent is used, it has
superior rights and is taking the necessary legal actions. There
may, however, be similar uses of which Krispy Kreme is unaware
and which could arise from prior users. These uses could limit
Krispy Kremes operations and possibly cause it to incur
litigation costs, or pay damages or licensing fees to a prior
user or registrant of similar intellectual property.

Risks Relating To The Food Service
Industry

The food service industry is affected by
    consumer preferences and perceptions. Changes in these
    preferences and perceptions may lessen the demand for Krispy
    Kremes doughnuts, which would reduce sales and harm Krispy
    Kremes business.

Food service businesses are often affected by
changes in consumer tastes; national, regional and local
economic conditions; and demographic trends. Individual store
performance may be adversely affected by traffic patterns, the
cost and availability of labor, purchasing power, availability
of products and the type, number and location of competing
stores. Krispy Kremes sales could also be affected by
changing consumer tastes  for instance, if prevailing
health or dietary preferences cause consumers to avoid doughnuts
or bread products generally in favor of foods that are perceived
as more healthy. Moreover, because Krispy Kreme is primarily
dependent on a single product, if consumer demand for doughnuts
should decrease, Krispy Kremes business would suffer more
than if it had a more diversified menu, as many food service
businesses do.

The food service industry is affected by
    litigation and publicity concerning food quality, health and
    other issues, which can cause customers to avoid Krispy
    Kremes products and result in liabilities.

Food service businesses can be adversely affected
by litigation and complaints from customers or government
authorities resulting from food quality, illness, injury or
other health concerns or operating issues stemming from one
store or a limited number of stores, including stores operated
by Krispy Kremes



franchisees. Adverse publicity about these
allegations may negatively affect Krispy Kreme and its
franchisees, regardless of whether the allegations are true, by
discouraging customers from buying Krispy Kremes products.
Because one of Krispy Kremes competitive strengths is the
taste and quality of its doughnuts, adverse publicity relating
to food quality or other similar concerns affect it more than it
would food service businesses that compete primarily on other
factors. Krispy Kreme could also incur significant liabilities
if a lawsuit or claim results in a decision against it, or
litigation costs regardless of the result.

Krispy Kremes success depends on its
    ability to compete with many food service
    businesses.

Krispy Kreme competes with many well-established
food service companies. At the retail level, it competes with
other doughnut retailers and bakeries, specialty coffee
retailers, bagel shops, fast-food restaurants, delicatessens,
take-out food service companies, supermarkets and convenience
stores. At the wholesale level, it competes primarily with
grocery store bakeries, packaged snack foods and vending machine
dispensers of snack foods. Aggressive pricing by Krispy
Kremes competitors or the entrance of new competitors into
its markets could reduce Krispy Kremes stores sales
and profit margins. Moreover, many of Krispy Kremes
competitors offer consumers a wider range of products. Many of
Krispy Kremes competitors or potential competitors have
substantially greater financial and other resources than it does
which may allow them to react to changes in pricing, marketing
and the quick service restaurant industry better than Krispy
Kreme can. As competitors expand their operations, Krispy Kreme
expects competition to intensify. In addition, the start-up
costs associated with retail doughnut and similar food service
establishments are not a significant impediment to entry into
the retail doughnut business. Krispy Kreme also competes with
other employers in its markets for hourly workers and may be
subject to higher labor costs.



FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This information statement/prospectus contains
certain forward-looking statements regarding Krispy Kremes
future financial condition and results of operations and Krispy
Kremes business operations. These statements involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including industry and
economic conditions and customer actions and the other factors
discussed in this information statement/prospectus (including
under the caption Risk Factors) and in Krispy
Kremes filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual outcomes may vary materially from those indicated. Words
such as expect, estimate,
anticipate, predict and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.



THE MERGER

Background Of The Merger

During 2001, Montana Mills investment
banking firm contacted a number of well known specialty food
retailers, including Krispy Kreme, to discuss the possibility of
engaging in a business transaction with Montana Mills. No formal
discussions ensued at that time.

In late November 2002 and early December 2002, a
member of Krispy Kremes management and a member of Montana
Mills management conducted numerous informal discussions
regarding the possibility of a joint venture, strategic
relationship or business combination between the two companies.

Between December 13, 2002 and
January 10, 2003, officers of Montana Mills and officers of
Krispy Kreme engaged in numerous preliminary discussions
regarding a merger or similar transaction between the two
companies. On January 7, 2003, Krispy Kreme and Montana
Mills entered into a confidentiality agreement.

Between January 11 and January 13,
2003, management of Krispy Kreme and management of Montana Mills
continued to discuss the terms of the proposed merger.

On January 13, 2003, representatives and
advisors of Krispy Kreme began to conduct a formal due diligence
review of the business and operations of Montana Mills. On the
same day, representatives and advisors of Montana Mills began to
conduct a formal due diligence review of the business and
operations of Krispy Kreme. The due diligence review of each
company continued through the signing of the merger agreement.

From January 15 through January 23,
2003, Montana Mills management and legal counsel engaged
in numerous discussions with Krispy Kremes management and
legal counsel to negotiate the terms of the merger agreement and
related matters.

On January 23, 2003:

 

Krispy Kreme, Montana Mills and Krispy
    Kremes wholly owned merger subsidiary, Oliver Acquisition
    Corp., entered into a definitive merger agreement;

 

holders of a majority of the outstanding common
    stock of Montana Mills delivered written stockholder consents
    approving the merger agreement and the merger;

 

Krispy Kreme and Montana Mills chief
    executive officer entered into an indemnification agreement
    under which Montana Mills chief executive officer agreed
    to provide separate indemnification to Krispy Kreme for tax and
    environmental representations and warranties contained in the
    merger agreement;

 

Krispy Kreme and the consenting stockholders
    referred to above entered into a registration rights agreement
    relating to the resale of shares of Krispy Kreme common stock to
    be received in the merger by the consenting Montana Mills
    stockholders; and

 

Montana Mills chief executive officer and
    executive vice president entered into employment agreements with
    Krispy Kreme under which they will become Krispy Kreme employees
    upon consummation of the merger.

Krispy Kremes Reasons For The
Merger

In reaching its decision to approve the merger
agreement, the merger and the related transactions, the Krispy
Kreme board of directors consulted with senior management and
its legal advisors and considered a number of factors, including
the following:

 

the Krispy Kreme boards familiarity with
    and review of Montana Mills business, operations,
    financial condition and prospects;



 

that the proposed merger is expected to result in
    significant operating synergies;

 

the ability to leverage Krispy Kremes
    existing capabilities, such as its distribution chain, its
    off-premises sales and its coffee roasting expertise, in order
    to expand Montana Mills business into a nationally
    recognized brand;

 

the opportunity for Krispy Kreme to apply its
    experience and strength in creating a national franchise network
    towards building a franchise network for Montana Mills;

 

that Montana Mills was at a point in its
    development as a company where it could easily assimilate into
    the Krispy Kreme infrastructure;

 

the expertise of the Montana Mills management and
    the pride that it takes in offering a best-in-class product of
    exceptional quality; and

 

the terms and conditions of the merger agreement.

The above discussion of information and factors
considered by Krispy Kremes board of directors is not
intended to be exhaustive but is believed to include all
material factors considered by the board. In view of the wide
variety of factors considered by Krispy Kremes board, the
board did not find it practicable to quantify or otherwise
assign relative weight or rank to any one or more of the
specific factors considered. In addition, Krispy Kremes
board did not reach any specific conclusion on each factor
considered, or any aspect of any particular factor, but
conducted an overall analysis of such factors. Individual
members of the board of directors may have given different
weight to different factors.

Montana Mills Reasons For The
Merger

In reaching its determination that the merger
agreement and the merger are in the best interests of Montana
Mills stockholders and in recommending that Montana
Mills stockholders adopt the agreement, the merger and
related transactions, Montana Mills board of directors
consulted with its financial and legal advisors and carefully
considered, among other things, the following factors:

 

the opinion of Capitalink, L.C., its financial
    advisor, that the exchange ratio representing the number of
    shares of Krispy Kreme common stock to be received by Montana
    Mills non-controlling stockholders in the proposed merger
    is fair from a financial point of view;

 

the Montana Mills boards determination that
    the exchange ratio and the consideration to be received by
    Montana Mills stockholders in the proposed merger are fair
    to all stockholders.

 

the determination that Krispy Kreme common stock
    is significantly more liquid than Montana Mills common
    stock;

 

concern that the expiration of lockup agreements
    pertaining to approximately 1,485,000 shares of Montana Mills
    common stock in July 2003 and approximately 4,323,000 shares of
    Montana Mills common stock in June 2004 would have a significant
    negative effect on the market price of Montana Mills
    common stock;

 

the limited financial resources available to
    Montana Mills to pursue its business strategy as compared to the
    significantly greater financial resources of Krispy Kreme;

 

the ability of Montana Mills to more effectively
    pursue strategic growth opportunities and other expansion
    strategies as a subsidiary of Krispy Kreme, resulting from
    Krispy Kremes experience and track record in building a
    nationally recognized specialty bakery;

 

Krispy Kremes experience, strengths and
    successes as a franchisor and Montana Mills ability to
    capitalize on such experience, strengths and successes in
    pursuing its franchise strategy;

 

the strategic alternatives and opportunities
    available to Montana Mills, including, but not limited to,
    remaining independent or pursuing a joint venture, strategic
    partnership or business combination with an entity other than
    Krispy Kreme;



 

Montana Mills boards previous
    identification of Krispy Kreme as the ideal candidate for a
    business transaction as a result of Montana Mills previous
    exploration of the possibility of engaging in a joint venture,
    strategic partnership or business combination with a number of
    companies, including Krispy Kreme;

 

the terms and conditions of the merger agreement;
    and

 

the boards conclusion that the economic
    terms reflected by the merger represent the best economic terms
    that could be obtained by Montana Mills.

The above discussion of information and factors
considered by Montana Mills board of directors is not
intended to be exhaustive but is believed to include all
material factors considered by the board. In view of the wide
variety of factors considered by Montana Mills board, the
board did not find it practicable to quantify or otherwise
assign relative weight or rank to any one or more of the
specific factors considered. In addition, Montana Mills
board did not reach any specific conclusion on each factor
considered, or any aspect of any particular factor, but
conducted an overall analysis of such factors. Individual
members of the board may have given different weight to
different factors.

Opinion Of Capitalink, L.C.

Montana Mills engaged Capitalink to render an
opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of
the exchange ratio representing the number of shares of Krispy
Kreme common stock to be received by Montana Mills
non-controlling stockholders. On January 22, 2003,
Capitalink made a presentation to Montana Mills board of
directors setting forth its financial analyses regarding the
proposed merger. On January 23, 2003, Capitalink also made
a presentation to Montana Mills board and rendered its
oral opinion that, as of such date, based upon and subject to
the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on its
review as set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio is fair
to Montana Mills non-controlling stockholders from a
financial point of view. Subsequently, Capitalink delivered to
Montana Mills board its written opinion.

THE FULL TEXT OF CAPITALINKS OPINION,
DATED JANUARY 23, 2003, IS ATTACHED TO THIS INFORMATION
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX C AND IS INCORPORATED INTO
THIS INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS BY REFERENCE. MONTANA
MILLS STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ CAPITALINKS
OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THE
ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED AND
LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY CAPITALINK IN RENDERING
ITS OPINION. THE SUMMARY OF CAPITALINKS OPINION SET FORTH
IN THIS INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE OPINION.

No limitations were imposed by Montana Mills on
the scope of Capitalinks investigation or the procedures
to be followed by Capitalink in rendering its opinion.
Capitalinks opinion was for the use and benefit of Montana
Mills board in connection with its consideration of the
proposed merger and was not intended to be and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of Montana Mills.
Capitalink did not express any opinion as to the underlying
valuation or future performance of Montana Mills or Krispy Kreme
or the price at which Montana Mills or Krispy Kremes
common stock would trade at any time in the future. Capitalink
was not requested to opine as to, and its opinion does not
address, Montana Mills underlying business decision to
proceed with or effect the proposed merger and Capitalink was
not asked to seek or advise Montana Mills on any alternatives to
the proposed merger. Further, Capitalink was not asked to
consider, and its opinion does not address, the relative merits
of the proposed merger as compared to any alternative business
strategy that might exist for Montana Mills.

In arriving at its opinion, Capitalink took into
account an assessment of general economic, market and financial
conditions as well as its experience in connection with similar
mergers and securities valuations generally and Capitalink,
among other things: (1) reviewed documents relating to the
proposed merger, including the merger agreement and the draft
employment agreements to be entered into by Mr. and



Mrs. ODonovan with Krispy Kreme in
connection with the proposed merger; (2) reviewed publicly
available financial information and other data with respect to
Montana Mills, including the report on Form 10-QSB for the
quarterly period ended October 30, 2002, and Amendment
No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form SB-2,
dated June 24, 2002; (3) reviewed publicly available
financial information and other data with respect to Krispy
Kreme, including the report on form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended November 3, 2002, and the annual report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2002;
(4) reviewed and analyzed the exchange ratio and ranges of
derived implied consideration per share based upon historical
and potential future trading prices of Krispy Kremes
common stock; (5) reviewed and analyzed the range of
implied consideration per share and derived a range of implied
premiums or discounts paid; (6) reviewed and analyzed
certain financial characteristics of companies that were deemed
to have characteristics comparable to those of Montana Mills and
Krispy Kreme; (7) reviewed and analyzed certain financial
terms of transactions involving companies being acquired that
were deemed to have characteristics comparable to Montana Mills;
(8) reviewed and analyzed Montana Mills projected
unlevered free cash flows and prepared discounted cash flows;
(9) reviewed and analyzed the relative financial
contributions of Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme;
(10) reviewed and discussed with representatives of the
management of Montana Mills certain financial and
operating information furnished by them, including financial
analyses and projections and related assumptions with respect to
the business, operations and prospects of Montana Mills;
(11) considered the historical financial results and
present financial condition of Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme;
(12) reviewed certain publicly available information
concerning the trading of, and the trading market for, the
common stock of Montana Mills, Krispy Kreme and companies deemed
comparable; (13) inquired about and discussed the proposed
merger and other matters related thereto with Montana
Mills management and its legal counsel; and
(14) performed such other analyses and examinations as were
deemed appropriate.

In arriving at its opinion, Capitalink relied
upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information that was used without assuming
any responsibility for any independent verification of any such
information and further relied upon the assurances of Montana
Mills management that it was not aware of any facts or
circumstances that would make any such information inaccurate or
misleading. With respect to the financial projections utilized,
Capitalink assumed that such projections have been reasonably
prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments, and that such projections provide a
reasonable basis upon which Capitalink could form an opinion.
Capitalink has not made a physical inspection of the properties
and facilities of Montana Mills or Krispy Kreme, and has not
made or obtained any evaluations or appraisals of the assets and
liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Montana Mills or Krispy
Kreme. Capitalink has assumed that the proposed merger will be
consummated in a manner that complies in all respects with the
applicable provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and all other
applicable federal and state statutes, rules and regulations. In
addition, based upon discussions with Montana Mills, Capitalink
has assumed that the proposed merger will not be a taxable event
to Montana Mills stockholders. Capitalink has also
assumed, with Montana Mills consent, that the proposed
merger will be consummated in accordance with the terms
described in the merger agreement, without any further
amendments thereto, and without waiver by Montana Mills of any
of the conditions to any obligations thereunder or that any such
revisions or waivers thereto will not be detrimental to Montana
Mills non-controlling stockholders.

Capitalinks opinion is necessarily based
upon market, economic and other conditions as they existed on,
and could be evaluated as of, January 23, 2003.
Accordingly, although subsequent developments may affect its
opinion, Capitalink has not assumed any obligation to update,
review or reaffirm its opinion.

The estimates contained in Capitalinks
analyses and the ranges of valuations resulting from any
particular analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual
values or future results, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than those suggested by its analyses. In
addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or
securities do not necessarily purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually
may be sold. Accordingly, Capitalinks analyses and
estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.



Each of the analyses conducted by Capitalink was
carried out in order to provide a different perspective on the
proposed merger, and to enhance the total mix of information
available. Capitalink did not form a conclusion as to whether
any individual analysis, considered in isolation, supported or
failed to support an opinion as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the proposed merger to Montana
Mills non-controlling stockholders. Capitalink did not
place any particular reliance or weight on any individual
analysis, but instead concluded that its analyses, taken as a
whole, supported its determination. Accordingly, Capitalink
believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and
that selecting portions of its analyses or the factors it
considered, without considering all analyses and factors
collectively, could create an incomplete and misleading view of
the process underlying the analyses performed by Capitalink in
connection with the preparation of its opinion.

The financial reviews and analyses include
information presented in tabular format. In order to fully
understand Capitalinks financial review and analyses, the
tables must be read together with the text presented. The tables
alone are not a complete description of the financial review and
analyses and considering the tables alone could create a
misleading or incomplete view of Capitalinks financial
review and analyses.

Further, the summary of Capitalinks
analyses described below is not a complete description of the
analyses underlying Capitalinks opinion. The preparation
of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analysis and the application of those methods to
the particular circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion
is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description. In arriving at its opinion, Capitalink made
qualitative judgments as to the relevance of each analysis and
factor that it considered.

Capitalink analyzed the fairness of the proposed
merger using the following methodologies:

Exchange ratio review and
analysis.
 Capitalink calculated the
maximum and minimum implied consideration per share
($4.34  $5.88) based on the potential range of Krispy
Kremes closing prices ($28.93  $39.15) under
the terms of the merger agreement. The average closing price of
the Krispy Kreme common stock utilized to determine whether the
closing condition has been met will be calculated using the
closing prices for the last five trading days for the period
ending three days prior to the closing of the merger.

Capitalink also calculated the implied
consideration per share of approximately $5.03 as of
January 22, 2003 and performed a historical review of the
implied consideration per share for various periods commencing
June 28, 2002. It was noted that the range of implied
consideration averaged between approximately $5.08 and
approximately $5.28 based on the average 20-day and 60-day
Krispy Kreme share price, respectively.

Premiums paid
analysis.
 Capitalink performed a
premiums paid analysis whereby the implied consideration per
share range of $4.34 to $5.88 was compared to the Montana Mills
closing price as of January 22, 2003, and Montana
Mills average 5-, 10-, 20-, 30-, 60-, 90-day and six month
average closing prices. The analysis indicated that the proposed
merger yields a premium to Montana Mills historical share
price at the maximum per share consideration of $5.88, but a
discount at the minimum share price range of $4.34. Capitalink
also noted that, based on Krispy Kremes average share
price over the last year of $36.06, the Exchange Ratio
represents an implied share consideration of $5.41, which
equates to a 12.7% premium over Montana Mills closing
share price as of January 22, 2003, which was $4.80.

Financial data
analysis.
 Capitalink undertook
analyses of the historical and projected financial data of
Montana Mills and the historical data of Krispy Kreme in order
to understand and interpret their respective financial strength.

Capitalink reviewed and analyzed certain of
Montana Mills financial information, as provided by
Montana Mills and as reported in its public filings, including
the historical audited financial data for the 2000, 2001 and
2002 fiscal years, and the unaudited financial statements for
the three quarters ended October 30, 2002.



Capitalink also reviewed and analyzed Krispy
Kremes financial information as reported in its public
filings, including the historical audited financial data for the
2000, 2001 and 2002 fiscal years, and the unaudited financial
statements for the three quarters ended November 3, 2002.

Capitalink noted, among other things, that
Montana Mills has experienced steady increases in revenue as a
result of its expansion initiatives. However, earnings before
interest, tax, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, was
approximately $(1.3) million for the latest twelve months
or LTM. Through its expansion plans and internal cost saving
initiatives, Montana Mills expects both revenue and earnings to
increase in the future.

Capitalink also noted the strong financial
position and historical operating performance of Krispy Kreme,
with significant increases in revenue and EBITDA over the last
three years.

Historical stock price
analysis.
 Capitalink utilized a
historical stock price analysis to review and compare Montana
Mills and Krispy Kremes stock performance to the
general market indices and a selected peer group. In addition,
Capitalink reviewed the liquidity of Montana Mills and
Krispy Kremes common stock in the public trading markets.

Capitalink reviewed the daily closing market
prices and trading volume of Montana Mills common stock
since its initial public offering in June 2002, and of
Krispy Kremes common stock since January 22, 2002.
Capitalink compared the daily closing market price performance
of Montana Mills and Krispy Kremes common stock for
the respective periods to the comparable companies and to the
Russell 3000 Index. Capitalink noted that since June 28,
2002, the price of Montana Mills common stock decreased
21.2%, while comparable companies fell 18.0% and the Russell
3000 Index declined 11.6%. Capitalink also calculated total
trading volumes at various closing price ranges. In addition,
the number of trading days, and the respective percentages, at
certain trading volumes, were set forth. Capitalink noted
Montana Mills common stock had an average and median daily
number of shares traded of 15,929 and 9,100, respectively.

Capitalink also noted that since January 22,
2002, the price of Krispy Kremes common stock decreased
11.0%, while comparable companies fell 3.8% and the Russell 3000
Index declined 20.9%. Capitalink also calculated total trading
volumes at various closing price ranges. In addition, the number
of trading days, and the respective percentages, at certain
trading volumes, were set forth. Capitalink noted Krispy
Kremes common stock had significant liquidity with an
average and median daily number of shares traded of 663,230 and
499,900, respectively.

Selected comparable company
analysis.
 Capitalink utilized the
selected comparable company analysis, a market valuation
approach, for the purposes of compiling guideline or comparable
company statistics.

The selected comparable company analysis involved
the review of publicly traded companies deemed comparable to
Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme. Capitalink reviewed certain
financial information relating to Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme
in the context of the corresponding financial information,
ratios and public market multiples for the respective comparable
companies. No company used in Capitalinks analysis was
deemed to be identical or directly comparable to Montana Mills
and Krispy Kreme; accordingly, Capitalink considered the
multiples for the comparable companies, taken as a whole, to be
more relevant than the multiples of any single company.

Capitalink considered the industry and the core
business structure for Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme to be
similar with the exception that Krispy Kreme is significantly
larger and has an established franchise model, while Montana
Mills is much smaller in size and has only recently begun
implementing its franchising initiatives. Despite these
differences, Capitalink compiled a single list of comparable
companies for both Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme, which
includes companies of varying size and which operate company
owned and/or franchised stores or both.

All of the comparable companies operate
specialized food establishments, which include retail bakeries,
coffee houses, cafs and specialized lunch bars. Mainstream
eating establishments were



specifically excluded, such as full-service and
fast food restaurants, as they operate under a different cost
structure and competitive environment.

Four of the comparable companies operate 100%
company-owned stores, while the other three have significant
numbers of franchised stores (of which the average number of
stores franchised was approximately 66.3%). The comparable
companies utilized included Starbucks Corporation, Panera Bread
Company, Peets Coffee and Tea, Cosi Inc., Diedrich Coffee,
New World Restaurant and Briazz, Inc.

Based on publicly available information,
Capitalink reviewed financial information for each of the
comparable companies that included among other things: market
value, enterprise value (defined as market value plus interest
bearing debt and preferred stock, less cash and marketable
securities), revenue, EBITDA, earnings before taxes or EBIT,
earnings per share or EPS, total assets, common equity, net
tangible common equity, and where available from published
third-party sources, current fiscal year or CFY and next fiscal
year or NFY estimates of revenue and EPS, and selected financial
ratios. Capitalink compared the financial operating data and
ratios to both Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme.

Subsequent to such review and based on the
respective market value or enterprise value as of
January 22, 2003 for Montana Mills, Krispy Kreme and the
comparable companies, and the maximum and minimum range of the
proposed merger, Capitalink calculated and compared the
following multiples:

Proposed

Merger

Comparable Companies

Montana

Krispy

Max

Min

Mills

Kreme

High

Mean

Median

Low

Market Value as Multiple of:

LTM EPS

na

na

na

50.8

x

38.6

x

31.2

x

33.2

x

20.1

x

Est. CFY EPS

na

na

na

51.6

45.7

37.3

35.9

30.4

Est. NFY EPS

na

na

na

38.5

32.8

27.2

25.1

23.7

Common Equity

3.8

2.8

3.1

7.4

6.6

2.5

1.7

0.2

Net Tangible Common Equity

3.8

2.8

3.1

9.0

7.7

2.7

1.7

0.2

Enterprise Value as Multiple of:

LTM Revenue

3.3

x

2.3

x

2.6

x

4.1

x

3.6

x

1.6

x

1.5

x

0.1

x

Est. CFY Revenue

3.3

2.3

2.6

3.9

3.4

2.2

1.9

1.5

Est. NFY Revenue

2.9

2.0

2.3

3.2

3.3

2.1

1.6

1.3

LTM EBIT

na

na

na

32.2

30.8

23.6

26.2

9.2

LTM EBITDA

na

na

na

27.4

21.5

12.6

14.1

4.9

Total Assets

2.6

1.8

2.0

5.1

5.6

2.4

1.7

0.2

Capitalink noted that as of January 22,
2003, the multiples generated for both Montana Mills, where
available, and Krispy Kreme were above the average of the
comparable companies multiples. Capitalink believes Montana
Mills and Krispy Kreme to be fairly priced relative to the
comparable companies. Capitalink noted that the range of
multiples generated by the proposed merger, where available,
were above the average of the comparable companies multiples,
except at the minimum for estimated NFY revenue and total assets.

As noted above, none of the comparable companies
are identical or directly comparable to Montana Mills or Krispy
Kreme. Accordingly, Capitalink considered the multiples for such
companies, taken as a whole, to be more relevant than the
multiples of any single company. Further, an analysis of
publicly traded comparable companies is not mathematical;
rather, it involves complex consideration and judgments
concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors
that could affect the public trading of the comparable companies.

Selected comparable merger
analysis.
 Capitalink utilized the
selected comparable merger analysis, a market valuation approach
that is based on an examination of mergers involving companies,
which are in related industries to Montana Mills and Krispy
Kreme, for the purpose of compiling guidelines and statistics
based on the pricing in such mergers.



Information typically is not disclosed for
mergers involving a private seller, even when the buyer is a
public company, unless the acquisition is deemed to be
material for the acquiror. As a result, the selected
comparable merger analysis is limited to mergers involving the
acquisition of a public company, or substantially all of its
assets, or the acquisition of a large private company, or
substantially all of its assets, by a public company.

Capitalink located nine mergers since
February 1999 involving companies in related industries to
both Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme. Such companies were
classified under the SIC code 5812  eating
establishments, and were narrowed to specialized food
establishments including bakeries, cafes, coffee houses and
specialized lunch bars. Due to the lack of mergers and available
information on mergers involving specialized food
establishments, Capitalink also included a number of mergers
involving fast food service establishments, including
sandwiches, deli and pizzerias.

Acquiror

Acquiree

Private Investor Group

Blimpie International, Inc.

Starbucks Corporation

Madisons Coffee PLC

Sara Lee Corp.

Earthgrains Co.

Private Group

Quiznos Corporation

New World Restaurant Group, Inc.

Einstein Noah Bagel Corp.

PJ Acquisition Corp.

PJ America, Inc.

Carrols Corp

Taco Cabana, Inc.

Trinity Mgmt Corp

Wall Street Deli, Inc.

Diedrich Coffee, Inc.

Coffee People, Inc.

Based on the information disclosed in the each of
the comparable mergers, Capitalink calculated and compared
(1) price paid as a multiple of net tangible equity and
(2) enterprise value as a multiple of (x) revenue,
(y) EBITDA, and (z) total assets. The multiples were
derived by dividing either the total enterprise value (price
paid for equity plus interest bearing debt less cash and
marketable securities), or the price paid, by items (x),
(y), and (z) above, or the net tangible equity, as appropriate.

Capitalink then compared the multiples calculated
from the comparable mergers to multiples calculated based on the
maximum and minimum range of the proposed merger as follows:

Proposed

Merger

Comparable Mergers

Max

Min

High

Mean

Median

Low

Price Paid as Multiple of:

Net Tangible Equity

3.8

x

2.8

x

2.7

x

1.8

x

1.7

x

0.9

x

Enterprise Value as Multiple of:

LTM Revenue

3.3

x

2.3

x

1.0

x

0.7

x

0.8

x

0.3

x

EBITDA

na

na

32.2

14.6

10.3

3.8

Total Assets

2.6

1.8

1.0

0.7

0.6

0.5

After comparing the comparable merger multiples
with the range calculated based on the proposed merger,
Capitalink noted that the proposed merger was on average priced
above those of the comparable mergers.

None of the comparable mergers are identical to
the merger between Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme. Accordingly,
an analysis of comparable business combinations is not
mathematical; rather it involves complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics of the comparable mergers and other factors that
could affect the respective acquisition values.

Discounted cash
flow.
 Capitalink performed several
discounted cash flow analyses with respect to Montana Mills,
aggregating (x) the present value of projected unlevered
free cash flows over a forecast



period, with (y) the present value of the
terminal value at the end of such period. Free cash flow
represents the amount of cash generated and available for
principal, interest and dividend payments after providing for
ongoing business operations. The forecast period is comprised of
the fiscal years ending January 31, 2004 through 2007, and
such projections were derived from historical financial
information and operating data provided by Montana Mills.

In order to arrive at a present value of the free
cash flows over the forecast period, Capitalink utilized
discount rates ranging from 13.0% to 25.5%, which were chosen
based upon assumptions relating to interest rates, the inherent
business risk of Montana Mills and Montana Mills estimated
weighted average cost of capital.

The range of terminal values represents the
residual value of Montana Mills at the end of the forecast
period. Capitalink presented a range of terminal values by
applying ranges of implied multiples to Montana Mills
revenue and EBITDA in the final year of the respective forecast
period. In addition, Capitalink presented a perpetual growth
scenario whereby a range of growth rates was applied to the
Montana Mills 2007 free cash flow in order to determine a
terminal value, rather than multiples.

Based upon a range of terminal multiples of
revenue for fiscal year 2007 of 1.9x to 2.4x, the estimated
enterprise value of Montana Mills ranged from approximately
$30.5 million to approximately $34.1 million; after
subtracting net debt of approximately $(7.5) million (net debt
is calculated as of October 30, 2002, based on Montana
Mills interest bearing debt less cash, including cash
assumed raised through the exercise of options and warrants in
the money), the estimated equity value of Montana Mills ranged
from approximately $37.9 million to approximately
$41.6 million. Such analysis resulted in a mid-point
average of estimated equity values of $39.7 million, or $4.70
per share.

Based upon a range of terminal multiples of
EBITDA for fiscal year 2007 of 11.00x to 13.25x, the estimated
enterprise value of Montana Mills ranged from approximately
$28.3 million to approximately $31.0 million; after
subtracting net debt of approximately $(7.5) million, the
estimated equity value of Montana Mills ranged from
approximately $35.8 million to approximately
$38.4 million. Such analysis resulted in a mid-point
average of estimated equity values of $37.1 million, or
$4.39 per share.

Based upon a terminal growth rate ranging from
12.00% to 13.25%, the estimated enterprise value of Montana
Mills ranged from approximately $18.5 million to approximately
$28.2 million; after subtracting net debt of approximately
$(7.5) million, the estimated equity value of Montana Mills
ranged from approximately $25.9 million to approximately
$35.7 million. Such analysis resulted in a mid-point
average of estimated equity values of $30.7 million, or $3.63
per share.

In each discounted cash flow analysis, per share
calculations were based on approximately 8,456,000 fully diluted
shares outstanding as of January 22, 2003 (including in the
money options of approximately 348,000).

Pro forma contribution
analysis.
 Capitalink analyzed the
contribution of each of Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme to the
pro forma combined entitys revenue, EBITDA, total assets
and net worth for historical fiscal years ended 2000, 2001 and
2002, and the projected fiscal year 2003. This was compared to
the ownership percentage of the combined entity implied by the
exchange ratio for Montana Mills existing stockholders.
Capitalink noted that Montana Mills contributed approximately
2.5% of the combined revenue and little or none of the EBITDA,
while Montana Mills stockholders will own approximately
2.1% of the combined entity upon closing of the proposed merger.

Capitalink performed a variety of financial and
comparative analyses for the purpose of rendering its opinion.
While the foregoing summary describes all material analyses and
factors reviewed by Capitalink, it does not purport to be a
complete description of the presentations by Capitalink to
Montana Mills board of directors or the analyses performed
by Capitalink in arriving at its opinion. The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.
Capitalink believes that its analyses must be considered as a
whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and of the
factors considered by it, without considering all analyses and
factors, could create a misleading view of the processes
underlying the opinion. In addition, Capitalink may have given
various



analyses more or less weight than other analyses,
and may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable
than other assumptions, so that the range of valuations
resulting from any particular analysis described above should
not be taken to be Capitalinks view of the actual value of
Montana Mills. In performing its analyses, Capitalink made
numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and economic conditions and other matters, many
of which are beyond the control of Montana Mills. The analyses
performed by Capitalink are not necessarily indicative of actual
values or actual future results, which may be significantly more
or less favorable than suggested by such analyses. In addition,
analyses relating to the value of businesses or assets do not
purport to be appraisals or to necessarily reflect the prices at
which businesses or assets may actually be sold. The analyses
performed were prepared solely as part of Capitalinks
analysis of the fairness of the proposed merger, from a
financial point of view, to the non-controlling stockholders of
Montana Mills, and were provided to Montana Mills board
solely in connection with the delivery of the Capitalink opinion.

Capitalink has received a fee in connection with
the preparation and issuance of the opinion. In addition,
Montana Mills has agreed to indemnify Capitalink for certain
liabilities that may arise out of the rendering this opinion,
including indemnification for certain liabilities arising under
federal securities laws. Capitalink is an investment banking
firm that, as part of its investment banking business, regularly
is engaged in the evaluation of businesses and their securities
in connection with mergers, acquisitions, corporate
restructurings, private placements, and for other purposes.

No Regulatory Approval Required

No regulatory approval is required in order to
consummate the merger.

Directors and Officers Of Montana Mills After
the Merger

Upon consummation of the merger, the directors
and officers of Oliver Acquisition Corp. immediately prior to
the closing of the merger will become the directors and officers
of Montana Mills. Mr. ODonovan, however, will become
the president of Montana Mills upon the closing of the merger.

Accounting Treatment

The merger will be treated as a
purchase for accounting purposes. Therefore, the
purchase price will be allocated to Montana Mills assets,
including intangible assets, and liabilities based on their
estimated fair market values at the completion of the merger.
Any excess of the purchase price over these fair market values
will be accounted for as goodwill.

Material United States Federal Income Tax
Consequences Of the Merger

The following discussion constitutes the opinion
of Harter, Secrest & Emery LLP, counsel to Montana Mills, as
to the material United States federal income tax consequences of
the merger that will generally apply to U.S. holders of stock in
Montana Mills. The tax opinion is conditioned upon receipt of
certain representation letters made by Krispy Kreme and Montana
Mills and is based upon certain assumptions including that the
transactions described herein will be consummated in accordance
with the terms of the merger agreement. If any of those
representations or assumptions are inaccurate, the tax
consequences of the merger could differ from those discussed
herein. Neither Krispy Kreme nor Montana Mills expects to seek a
ruling from the Internal Revenue Service concerning the tax
consequences of the transactions described herein. An opinion of
counsel is not binding on the IRS and we can give no assurance
that the IRS will not take a position contrary to one or more
positions reflected in the opinion or that the courts will
uphold such opinion if challenged by the IRS.

For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. holder
means:

 

an individual citizen or resident of the United
    States;

 

a corporation or other entity taxable as a
    corporation created or organized under the laws of the United
    States or any of its political subdivisions;



 

a trust, if a U.S. court is able to exercise
    primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one
    or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all
    substantial decisions of the trust; or

 

an estate that is subject to United States
    federal income tax on its income regardless of its source.

This discussion is not intended to be a complete
analysis or description of all potential United States Federal
income tax consequences of the merger. In addition, this
discussion is not intended to be, and should not be considered
as, tax advice. This discussion does not address tax
consequences arising under the laws of any state, locality or
foreign jurisdiction. This discussion is not a comprehensive
description of all of the tax consequences that may be relevant
to you. For example, we have not described tax consequences that
arise from rules that apply to some classes of taxpayers. We
have also not described tax consequences that we assume to be
generally known by investors. This discussion is based upon the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, the
regulations of the United States Treasury Department and court
and administrative rulings and judicial decisions in effect on
the date of this information statement/prospectus. These laws
may change, possibly retroactively, and any change could affect
the continuing validity of this discussion.

This discussion does not present a description of
the United States federal income tax laws applicable to you if
you are subject to special treatment under the United States
federal income tax laws, including if you are:

 

a financial institution;

 

a mutual fund;

 

a tax-exempt organization;

 

an S corporation, partnership or other
    pass-through entity;

 

an insurance company;

 

a dealer in securities or foreign currencies;

 

a trader in securities that elects the
    mark-to-market method of accounting for your securities;

 

a person that has a functional currency other
    than the U.S. dollar;

 

a stockholder who received stock in Montana Mills
    through the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as
    compensation;

 

a stockholder who holds stock in Montana Mills as
    part of a hedge, straddle, constructive sale or conversion
    transaction; or

 

a person subject to the alternative minimum tax
    provisions of the Code.

The summary that follows sets out the material
United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders
who exchange their stock in Montana Mills for common stock in
Krispy Kreme:

 

you will not recognize gain or loss when you
    exchange your stock in Montana Mills solely for common stock in
    Krispy Kreme;

 

if you receive cash in lieu of a fractional share
    of Krispy Kreme common stock, you will be treated as having
    received the cash in exchange for the fractional share interest
    and generally will recognize capital gain or loss on the deemed
    exchange in an amount equal to the difference between the amount
    of cash received and the basis of the stock in Montana Mills
    allocable to that fractional share;

 

the aggregate tax basis of Krispy Kreme common
    stock you receive will be the same as the aggregate tax basis of
    the stock in Montana Mills you surrender in the exchange,
    decreased by the tax basis allocated to any fractional share
    interest exchanged for cash; and

 

the holding period of Krispy Kreme common stock
    you receive will include the holding period of shares of stock
    in Montana Mills you surrender in the exchange.



Backup Withholding.

You may be subject to backup withholding on any cash payments
received in lieu of a fractional share interest. You will not be
subject to backup withholding, however, if you:

 

furnish a correct taxpayer identification number
    and certify that you are not subject to backup withholding on
    the substitute Form W-9 or successor form included in the
    letter of transmittal to be delivered to you following the
    completion of the merger;

 

provide a certification of foreign status on
    Form W-8BEN or a successor form; or

 

otherwise prove that you are exempt from backup
    withholding.

The IRS may impose a penalty if you fail to
provide your correct taxpayer identification number. Any amounts
withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a
refund or credit against your United States federal income tax
liability, provided you furnish the required information to the
IRS.

Reporting
Requirements.
 You may be required to
retain records relating to your stock in Montana Mills, and file
with your U.S. federal income tax return a statement setting
forth facts relating to the merger.

Tax matters are very complicated, and the tax
consequences of the merger to you will depend upon the facts of
your particular situation. We encourage you to consult your own
tax advisor regarding the specific tax consequences of the
merger, including tax return reporting requirements, the
applicability of federal, state, local and foreign tax laws and
the effect of any proposed change in the tax laws.

No Appraisal Or Dissenters
Rights

Holders of Montana Mills common stock are not
entitled to appraisal rights under Delaware law in connection
with the merger. Appraisal rights under Delaware law are not
available in connection with the merger because the shares of
Krispy Kreme common stock that Montana Mills stockholders will
be entitled to receive in connection with the merger will be
listed on the New York Stock Exchange at the closing of the
merger and because Montana Mills common stock was traded on the
American Stock Exchange as of the record date for determination
of stockholders entitled to vote on this transaction.

Federal Securities Laws Consequences; Stock
Transfer Restriction Agreements

This information statement/prospectus does not
cover any resales of the Krispy Kreme common stock to be
received by Montana Mills stockholders upon completion of
the merger, and no person is authorized to make any use of this
information statement/prospectus in connection with any such
resale.

Except as described under Interests Of
Insiders In The Merger  Interests of Montana Mills
Officers and Directors  Registration Rights,
all Krispy Kreme common stock that Montana Mills stockholders
receive in connection with the merger will be freely
transferable, with the exception of the Krispy Kreme common
stock received by persons who are deemed to be
affiliates of Montana Mills under the Securities
Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated under that Act,
at the time of the Montana Mills stockholders meeting.
These affiliates may only sell their Krispy Kreme
common stock in transactions permitted by Rule 145 under
the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under that Act.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Montana Mills for
such purposes generally include individuals or entities that
control, are controlled by, or are under common control with,
Montana Mills and may include some officers, directors and
principal stockholders of Montana Mills. The merger agreement
requires Montana Mills to use commercially reasonable efforts to
deliver or cause to be delivered to Krispy Kreme on or prior to
the effective time of the merger from each of those affiliates
an executed letter agreement to the effect that those persons
will not offer or sell or otherwise dispose of any Krispy Kreme
common stock issued to them in connection with the merger
except: (i) pursuant to an effective registration under the
Securities Act; (ii) in conformity with volume and other
limitations of Rule 145; or (iii) in a transaction
which, in the opinion of counsel to Krispy Kreme or counsel
reasonably acceptable to Krispy Kreme or as described in a
no-action or interpretive letter from the staff of
the Securities and Exchange Commission specifically issued with
respect to such sale or disposition, is exempt from registration
under the Securities Act.



INTERESTS OF INSIDERS IN THE MERGER

Interests of Montana Mills Officers and
Directors

Eugene ODonovan, a director of Montana
Mills and its President and Chief Executive Officer, and Susan
ODonovan, a director of Montana Mills and its Executive
Vice President and Secretary, each has, and has caused entities
which he or she controls and which together with Mr. and
Mrs. ODonovan constitute the holders of more than 51%
of the outstanding common stock of Montana Mills, to approve the
adoption of the merger agreement and the merger by written
consent as described below under Majority Stockholders
Consent.

Employment
Agreements.
 Mr. and
Mrs. ODonovan will become employees of Krispy Kreme
pursuant to five-year employment and non-competition agreements
at annual salaries of $235,000 and $125,000, respectively, and
will receive options vesting over a five-year period to purchase
150,000 and 50,000 shares of Krispy Kreme common stock,
respectively. In addition, Mr. ODonovan agreed to
forfeit options to purchase 700,000 shares of Montana Mills
common stock. As employees of Krispy Kreme,
Mr. ODonovan will continue as the President of
Montana Mills and Mrs. ODonovan will be employed as
Montana Mills Principal Baker.

Registration Rights.

In connection with the merger, Krispy Kreme has also executed a
registration rights agreement with Gene ODonovan, the Gene
ODonovan Grantor Retained Annuity Trust, Susan
ODonovan and the Susan ODonovan Grantor Retained
Annuity Trust pursuant to which Krispy Kreme has agreed to
register for resale with the Securities and Exchange Commission
the shares of Krispy Kreme common stock to be received by them
in connection with the merger.

Indemnification and
Insurance.
 Krispy Kreme has agreed to
maintain in effect the current provisions regarding
indemnification of officers and directors contained in the
certificate or articles of incorporation and bylaws of Montana
Mills and of each of its subsidiaries and, for a period of five
years after the closing of the proposed merger, has agreed to
maintain in effect Montana Mills policies of
directors and officers liability insurance and
fiduciary liability insurance of at least the same coverage and
amounts containing terms and conditions which are, in the
aggregate, no less advantageous to the insured in any material
respect than the policies currently in effect with respect to
claims arising from facts or events which occurred on or before
the closing of the merger.

In addition, John Tate, Krispy Kremes Chief
Operating Officer, is a member of Montana Mills board of
directors. Prior to formal merger discussions taking place
between the two companies, a mutual decision was made by Montana
Mills board and Mr. Tate whereby Mr. Tate
recused himself from all discussions and actions of Montana
Mills board relating to a potential transaction between
the two companies. Mr. Tate holds options exercisable for
40,000 shares of Montana Mills common stock.

Arrangements With Kirlin Securities

In connection with its execution of the merger
agreement, Montana Mills has agreed pursuant to a letter
agreement to pay Kirlin Securities, Inc., the underwriter of its
initial public offering, an aggregate of $400,000 for investment
banking services performed subsequent to such offering. This
amount represents payment to Kirlin for services performed by
Kirlin in excess of those required to be performed by Kirlin
pursuant to a financial consulting agreement between Montana
Mills and Kirlin. Such payment is required to be made at the
closing of the merger. Because the merger agreement limits the
amount of payments which Montana Mills may make to Kirlin in the
event that the merger is consummated, Mr. ODonovan
has agreed to individually pay $200,000 of such amount in order
to facilitate the merger. In addition, upon the closing of the
merger, Montana Mills has agreed to make a payment of $50,000 to
Kirlin that would otherwise be payable to Kirlin under the
financial consulting agreement on or before June 27, 2003.
Following payment of the foregoing amounts, Kirlin has agreed
with Montana Mills to terminate the financial consulting
agreement described above as well as the merger, acquisition and
other business arrangement agreement between Kirlin and Montana
Mills.



In addition, pursuant to a separate letter
agreement and solely in connection with the proposed merger,
Kirlin has waived certain rights it has under the Underwriting
Agreement between Kirlin and Montana Mills which was entered
into in connection with Montana Mills initial public
offering. Specifically, Kirlin has agreed to release those
persons subject to lock-up agreements in favor of Kirlin from
their lock-up agreements and has also waived those provisions
contained in the Underwriting Agreement which required Montana
Mills to: (i) maintain the effectiveness of the lock-up
agreements; (ii) maintain its registration under the
Exchange Act for five years following its initial public
offering; (iii) maintain its listing on the American Stock
Exchange for five years following its initial public offering;
and (iv) prohibit the issuance of options or warrants at an
exercise price of less than the greater of $5.05 per share or
the fair market value of Montana Mills common stock on the
date of grant. Pursuant to a separate letter agreement, Montana
Mills has agreed to indemnify Kirlin for all damages, losses,
costs and expenses it may incur as a result of Kirlins
waivers described above.



MONTANA MILLS BUSINESS

Overview

About Montana Mills.

Montana Mills was founded as a New York corporation in June 1996
and was reincorporated as a Delaware corporation in 1998.
Mr. ODonovan, Montana Mills President and Chief
Executive Officer and a director, and Mrs. ODonovan,
Montana Mills Executive Vice President and a director,
designed Montana Mills village bread store concept.
Montana Mills offers freshly prepared bread and other baked
goods prepared in small batches in an open-view baking format
using fresh ingredients including freshly ground wheat and dough
made from scratch. All aspects of Montana Mills baking
process at its village bread stores are conducted in full view
of customers to emphasize the homemade aspect of its bread and
other baked goods. Montana Mills also sells its fresh bread and
other products at satellite cafs, which are small stores
with up to 45 seats where customers can enjoy fresh bakery
products supplied by one of Montana Mills nearby village
bread stores.

Montana Mills locations are decorated with
and contain natural colors and hues, maple counters and tables
and educational in-store displays to further highlight the
Montana Mills image of freshness and quality. Customers
generally are greeted by an employee and offered a free, fresh
slice the size of Montana of one of any breads
available that day. In addition to bread, Montana Mills also
bakes muffins, scones, cookies, granola and other baked goods.
Montana Mills also offers sandwiches under the
Breader name and sells coffee beverages under the
Java Joes brand name.

Montana Mills
Stores.
 As of February 1, 2003,
Montana Mills operated 30 permanent stores, consisting of
20 village bread stores and ten satellite cafs.
Montana Mills also operates one permanent kiosk. Montana Mills
believes that it is positioned to capitalize on its competitive
advantages and favorable industry trends as it implements its
growth strategy.

Montana Mills
Culture.
 Montana Mills operating
philosophy is to:

 

vertically integrate production on-site at its
    village bread stores, utilizing an open baking format that
    allows customers to watch and experience the entire baking
    process and reaffirms the freshness and quality of Montana
    Mills breads and baked goods;

 

provide high-quality, all-natural fresh bread and
    baked goods to customers at all locations; and

 

offer a broad array of proprietary products.

Montana Mills
Focus.
 Montana Mills is different from
its competitors because it:

 

focuses predominantly on bread and other bakery
    items;

 

bakes all of its products fresh daily from
    scratch, using basic ingredients such as Montana spring wheat
    milled by it fresh each day;

 

offers a menu of proprietary products consisting
    of more than 80 different breads and dozens of other
    products (six to ten breads are produced daily and production is
    rotated);

 

provides superior customer service, including its
    policy to offer each customer a free, fresh slice of bread the
    size of Montana; and

 

continually updates customer service initiatives
    to create a neighborhood and community feeling and build
    goodwill.

Products

Overview.
 Montana
Mills offers more than 80 different varieties of bread and
dozens of other products. Six to ten types of bread are baked
per day according to a weekly schedule distributed to customers.
Approximately every month Montana Mills introduces a new bread
recipe that is offered as a weekly special generally for one
month. A new bread may be placed on the regular baking schedule
if it becomes popular with customers. Although Montana Mills
offers a broad range of baked goods, it



maintains a simple baking process, as all of its
items can be baked in one oven at one constant temperature.
While fresh baked bread is the foundation of Montana Mills
business, Montana Mills product offerings also include:

 

muffins, rolls and scones;

 

cookies, brownies and mudbars;

 

biscotti and coffee cakes;

 

granola;

 

Breader sandwiches;

 

Java Joes premium coffee beverages; and

 

personal and corporate gift baskets and boxes,
    which include baked goods and other gift items such as bread
    knives, bread boards, jams and mugs.

Bread.
 The baking
process for Montana Mills whole wheat breads, muffins,
rolls, scones and cookies starts with fresh stone milled,
high-protein, chemical-free Montana spring wheat. Bakers at each
village bread store grind wheat flour on the premises using a
burr mill, which adds to freshness and enhances flavor.

Many Montana Mills breads have no added
fats, oils, milk products, eggs, sugar or artificial
preservatives. A typical loaf weighs between one and one-half
and two pounds. Each stores weekly menu of specialty and
basic breads generally includes from 20 to 30 types of bread
ranging in price from $3.50 to $6.50 per loaf. Honey Whole
Wheat, Grandmas White and Cinnamon
Swirl breads are baked daily in each store, while others
are prepared on a rotating basis and generally include a cheese
bread, a savory bread, a fruit bread and a specialty bread.
Customers may make bread reservations up to ten days
in advance according to a weekly schedule. The variety of breads
Montana Mills offers is one of the key ways in which it
differentiates itself from its competitors.

Baked Goods.
 In
addition to fresh-baked bread, Montana Mills offers a broad
range of muffins, rolls, scones, cookies, brownies, mudbars,
biscotti, coffee cakes and granola. Similar to Montana
Mills bread baking process, Montana Mills baked
goods are prepared from scratch and baked daily at each village
bread store in full view of its customers. On a daily basis,
each village bread store also generally produces at least two
varieties of muffins, one variety of scone and two varieties of
each of its cookies, mudbars, coffeecakes and granola. Prices
for baked goods range from $1.25 for a cookie to $10.95 for a
coffeecake.

Sandwiches.
 All of
Montana Mills village bread stores and satellite
cafs offer a variety of sandwiches under its signature
Breader brand, including Three Forks
Turkey, Big Horn Roast Beef, Ham and
Cheese, Harvest Veggie and Sunburst
Chicken Salad. Breader sandwiches are prepared daily on
Montana Mills fresh baked bread. Breader sandwich prices range
from $4.95 to $5.45.

Coffee Beverages.

Montana Mills offers coffee beverages under the Java Joes
brand name, including flavored coffees, lattes, cappuccinos,
chai teas and hot chocolates. Montana Mills coffee and
other beverage products generally lend a caf-style
atmosphere to its village bread stores and satellite cafs
and emphasize the neighborhood feel of its stores.

Gift Items.
 Montana
Mills offers a wide range of personal and corporate gift items
through in-store Gift Corrals and through its
mail-order catalog and website, including:

 

gift boxes and baskets;

 

bread;

 

baked goods;

 

Java Joes coffee beverages;

 

bread knives and slicers;



 

cutting boards;

 

mugs; and

 

other food items such as jam, maple syrup and
    honey.

Montana Mills Gift Corrals,
found in most stores, help spur gift sales. Montana Mills
most popular gift items include specialty breads, baked goods,
bread knives and bread boards. Gifts range in price from $0.95
for a bag of fresh milled flour to $37.95 for a hand-made maple
bread board. In addition, Montana Mills offers gift baskets,
each with a variety of goods, and Bread of the Month
programs, which allow for automatic home delivery of Montana
Mills products on a pre-determined schedule.

Montana Mills ships gifts, including its fresh
baked bread and baked goods, anywhere in the continental United
States.

Store Operations

Overview.
 Hours of
operation are typically 7:00 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. Monday
through Friday, 7:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on Saturday and
7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on Sunday. A typical village
bread store is approximately 1,500 to 2,500 square feet and
positioned as a specialty retail store either in a village
setting or as a free standing, inline or build-to-suit location
in or around an existing retail center. To maximize brand
exposure and profitability of village bread stores in new
markets, each village bread store consists of a full-service
retail bakery in one part of town and often includes one or more
satellite cafs with up to a 45-seat capacity in nearby
locations. Most bread and baked goods production occurs at the
village bread store, and products are delivered by van to
satellite cafs up to three times daily. Staff at satellite
cafs package fresh baked goods for display and sale and
also prepare fresh baked cookies and muffins using fresh dough
delivered from a village bread store. Montana Mills also offers
Java Joes coffee and coffee beverages at all but one
village bread store and satellite caf.



The following chart outlines Montana Mills
employee organization. Montana Mills maintains high operating
standards by requiring that each location follow the procedures
set forth in its operations manuals.

Village Bread
Stores.
 A professional head baker
begins mixing dough and batter for bread and other products
generally between 3:00 a.m. and 4:00 a.m. Another
baker prepares muffins and scones. At approximately
6:00 a.m., both bakers cut and hand knead the dough before
forming it into loaves, which are typically round. The loaves
then proof for up to 45 minutes before being
baked for 40 to 45 minutes. During regular hours, between
two and ten people are generally employed in a village bread
store, depending on bakery size and overall customer traffic.
During high volume holiday seasons, hourly staff levels are
increased to accommodate increased customer traffic levels.

Satellite
Cafs.
 In addition to Montana
Mills traditional, full-production village bread stores,
satellite cafs that act in a hub-and-spoke format have
been developed to fully penetrate local markets. Satellite
cafs carry all products found in village bread stores and
are in a geographic proximity so that they can benefit from the
production capacity of village bread stores. Baked goods from
the closest village bread store are delivered to each satellite
caf several times daily. At each satellite caf,
staff members also prepare fresh baked cookies and muffins in a
convection oven using fresh dough supplied by a nearby village
bread store. During regular hours, between two and six people
are generally employed in a satellite caf. During high
volume holiday seasons, hourly staff levels are increased to
accommodate increased customer traffic levels.

Kiosk.
 One kiosk is
open permanently in an upscale shopping mall in Victor, New York
which has generated consistent sales during non-holiday times.
This kiosk is only open during the hours when the



mall in which it is located is open and is small,
relatively portable and is staffed by one or two sales
associates. Baked goods from the closest village bread store are
delivered to the kiosk daily.

Catalog and Mail
Order.
 Generally holiday-related,
Montana Mills catalog and mail order business is an
important branding and marketing tool. Montana Mills
catalog allows customers to order fresh baked breads and baked
goods as well as gift items. Customers can order Montana
Mills products from the catalog:

 

through direct purchase at any store location
    with the help of store staff;

 

by calling Montana Mills toll-free gift
    center; or

 

by visiting the www.montanamills.com
    internet site.

Gifts can be picked up at any Montana Mills
location, delivered via local courier for local delivery or
shipped anywhere in the continental United States.

Hiring and Training.

Montana Mills believes attracting and retaining qualified
personnel is critical to ensuring high customer satisfaction.
Montana Mills typically recruits general managers who have a
minimum of two years of experience as a store manager at a
reputable food service company. At the district manager level,
Montana Mills seeks individuals who have a minimum of five to
ten years of comparable management experience.

All of Montana Mills employees receive
training that emphasizes product knowledge, operating guidelines
and sales techniques. New general managers are required to
complete a six-week training program, where they are instructed
in bakery operations, customer service, communication skills and
employee relations. General and district managers are required
to work alongside individuals in comparable positions before
they may perform their duties without supervision. Sales
associates participate in 12 to 16 hours of side-by-side
training and use training modules to test their knowledge of
products and operations prior to assuming full responsibility.
Montana Mills corporate office regularly disseminates
training bulletins to inform store managers and sales associates
about new products, special events and customer service tips.

Information Systems.

Montana Mills maintains a central computerized accounting system
which allows it to track the operating performance of each
location. Stand-alone point-of-sale registers are installed in
each location to transmit sales and payroll information via a
secure internet connection directly to Montana Mills
corporate office daily. This information enables Montana Mills
to analyze customer purchasing habits, operating trends and
promotional results.

Marketing

Montana Mills uses the techniques set forth below
to market the Montana Mills brand name. Montana Mills also draws
customers to its stores using a community grassroots
marketing approach that emphasizes broad product offerings, the
friendly, healthy and wholesome nature of its products, brand
name and good neighbor policies.

 

Free, fresh slices the size of
    Montana.
 Each customer is
    offered a large, fresh, free slice of bread upon walking into a
    village bread store or satellite caf. This allows Montana
    Mills to test new products and increase customer awareness of
    product offerings. Montana Mills free slice policy also
    allows it to emphasize the neighborhood aspect of its business.

 

The Bakers
    Almanac.
 Montana Mills mails its
    Bakers Almanac newsletter to up to 70,000 customers every
    two to six months. The Bakers Almanac serves to keep
    customers informed of new product offerings and helps keep the
    Montana Mills brand name in their minds. Montana Mills believes
    that the Bakers Almanac both promotes continued current
    customer business and fosters word-of-mouth referral business.



 

Advertising.
 Montana
    Mills selectively advertises store grand openings in local
    publications to generate excitement in the community in which a
    new store is being opened and to advertise new products and
    promotions in its current markets.

 

Catalog orders.

    Montana Mills annually mails its full color catalog to over
    140,000 customers. Montana Mills also markets its catalog to
    customers who visit its stores. Montana Mills catalog is
    utilized most frequently during the November and December
    holiday season by both corporate and retail customers.

 

Internet.
 Montana
    Mills Internet site provides customers with a virtual
    retail experience and is an important part of Montana
    Mills marketing strategy. Customers can order fresh baked
    breads and baked goods as well as gift items through Montana
    Mills Internet site. Customers also can learn more about
    Montana Mills products, baking process and bread
    availability on the Internet site.

 

Community
    involvement.
 Montana Mills receives
    publicity from its participation in community events. In
    particular, each store donates all unsold bread at the end of
    each day to local charities. Montana Mills also has sponsored
    fundraisers for local organizations including the Rochester
    Philharmonic Orchestra, Camp Good Days and Special Times, a camp
    for children suffering from cancer, the Cystic Fibrosis
    Foundation and the Epilepsy Association. As a result of such
    sponsorships, Montana Mills has been the subject of independent
    articles published in community and regional newspapers that
    have generated positive promotional momentum.

 

Breadit card
    fundraisers.
 Montana Mills
    Breadit cards assist school groups and other not-for-profit
    organizations in fundraising activities. Breadit cards are sold
    by these organizations for $10 each with up to $5.40 of each
    card retained by the selling organization. Each Breadit card
    entitles the holder to twelve companion loaves of
    bread (i.e. buy-one-loaf-get-one-free) and a
    thirteenth loaf free after a dozen have been purchased.

Purchasing and Supplies

Montana Mills primary raw material is
Montana spring wheat. Montana Mills purchases wheat from a
variety of growers in Montana and purchases wheat products from
Federal Bake Mark. Federal Bake Mark also provides Montana Mills
with other dry foods such as sugar, yeast and dried fruits and
nuts. Honey is supplied by local beekeepers. Sysco Food Service
provides all of the other products Montana Mills needs for bread
production, including eggs, milk, cheese and canned fruit. Store
level purchasing decisions from an approved list of suppliers
are made by store managers based on specific store needs. Senior
management also reviews purchase orders and invoices. Each
village bread store receives shipments of supplies two or three
times per week. While there are no direct purchase agreements
with suppliers, Montana Mills believes there are several
companies capable of supplying each of its raw materials and
products and anticipates being able to continue to obtain raw
materials and other products going forward.

Competition

Montana Mills stores compete with other
local bakeries, grocery stores and bread-only stores that supply
baked goods and with other restaurants. Although Montana Mills
believes that its products and stores are distinctive in design
and operating concept, other companies may develop restaurants
and bakeries that operate with similar or superior concepts.
Montana Mills competitors use various methods to compete
with Montana Mills, including price, quality and cleanliness.
Additionally, there are many well-established regional and
national competitors that have substantially greater financial,
marketing, personnel and other resources than Montana Mills and
that may provide additional competition as expansion into other
geographic locations is attempted. Some actual and potential
competitors include Atlanta Bread Company, Panera
Bread Company, Corner Bakery Caf, Big Sky
Bread Company, Breadsmith, Baker Street Bread
Company, Au Bon Pain and Great Harvest Bread Co.
Montana Mills is also subject to competition from and competes
with Starbucks, Peets Coffee and Tea and
various other cafs and coffee shops in the sale of coffee
and coffee based beverages. Furthermore, Montana Mills competes
for leased space in desirable locations with a large variety of
specialty retailers.



Despite the presence of these actual and
potential competitors, Montana Mills is not aware of any
competitor in the Northeastern or Midwestern United States that
is similar in terms of the overall Montana Mills concept and
believes that it can compete on the basis of innovative products
and value-added experience rather than on price. Montana Mills
also believes that it distinguishes itself from competitors in
terms of the quality and variety of the bread, baked goods and
other products offered. However, no assurance can be provided
that the proliferation of other boutique bakeries or non-direct
competitors will not have a negative effect on comparable-store
sales growth, product sales mix or profitability.

Montana Mills also may be affected by changes in
consumer tastes, national, regional or local economic
conditions, demographic trends, consumer confidence in the
economy, discretionary spending priorities, weather and traffic
patterns. Changes in these factors could seriously harm Montana
Mills business.

Government Regulation

In General.
 Montana
Mills stores are subject to regulation by federal agencies
and to licensing and regulation by state and local health,
sanitation, building, zoning, safety, fire and other departments
relating to the development and operation of food preparation
and service facilities. These regulations include matters
relating to environmental, building, construction and zoning
requirements and the preparation and sale of food. Montana
Mills facilities also are licensed and subject to
regulation under state and local fire, health and safety codes.

Montana Mills development and construction
of additional village bread stores and satellite cafs is
subject to compliance with applicable zoning, land use and
environmental regulations. Montana Mills cannot provide
assurances that it will be able to obtain necessary licenses or
other approvals on a cost effective and timely basis to
construct and develop additional locations in the future.

Americans with Disabilities
Act.
 Montana Mills is subject to the
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, which, among other
things, may require certain renovations to its stores in order
to meet federally mandated requirements. Montana Mills attempts
to build its stores in compliance with the Americans with
Disabilities Act and does not expect that the cost of any
additional required renovations would significantly harm its
business.

Labor.
 Montana Mills
is also subject to state and federal labor laws that govern its
relationship with its employees, such as minimum wage
requirements, overtime and working conditions, citizenship
requirements and prohibitions against discrimination. Increases
in the minimum wage will increase labor costs and could
negatively affect Montana Mills results of operations.

Franchising.
 Montana
Mills franchises are subject to the regulations adopted by
the United States Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, and with
various state laws that regulate the offer and sale of
franchises. The FTCs Trade Regulation Rule on
Franchising, or the FTC Rule, and certain state laws require
that Montana Mills furnish prospective franchisees with a
franchise offering circular containing information prescribed by
the FTC Rule and applicable state laws and regulations. Montana
Mills also could become subject to a number of state laws that
regulate some substantive aspects of the franchisor-franchisee
relationship. These laws may limit a franchisors ability
to, among other things, terminate or not renew a franchise
without good cause, prohibit interference with the right of free
association among franchisees, disapprove the transfer of a
franchise, discriminate among franchisees with regard to
charges, royalties and other fees and place new stores near
existing franchises.

Trademarks and Patents

The Montana Mills Bread name is of
material importance to Montana Mills, and Montana Mills has
registered that name as a trademark with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office. Montana Mills also owns the
registered trademarks Montana Gold and Montana
Gold Bread Co. Milled and Baked Fresh Daily. With regard
to the Montana Gold trademark, Montana Mills has
given Montana



Gold of Richmond, Inc. an exclusive license to
use that trademark in Virginia with the exception of Warren,
Loudoun and Fairfax counties. Additionally, Montana Mills has
applied to register the names montanamills.com,
Flour Power, Breader,
Breadit and the M design logo with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office. Montana Mills also has the
exclusive right to use the Java Joes trademark
in a retail setting under a licensing arrangement. Montana Mills
does not have any other trademarks that are material to its
business, or any patents.

Employees

As at February 1, 2003, Montana Mills had 50
salaried and 409 hourly employees, of whom approximately 20
salaried and two hourly employees were employed in general and
administrative functions principally at or from its executive
offices in Rochester, New York, and 30 salaried and 407 hourly
employees were employed in production and distribution, and in
Montana Mills village bread stores, satellite cafs and
kiosks. No Montana Mills employee is represented by a labor
union and Montana Mills considers its employee relations to be
good.

Properties

Montana Mills currently operates in leased
facilities for all of its locations. Montana Mills stores
are located either in village locations in strip mall shopping
centers or in freestanding buildings. The remaining terms on
Montana Mills store leases range from two to ten years,
with renewal options for periods ranging from five to
25 years at predetermined prices. The rental payments for
these leases are based on a minimum rental plus real estate
taxes, insurance and other common area expenses. Three office
suites are also leased for the corporate headquarters in
Rochester, New York under a lease which renews automatically on
March 1 of each year and provides for annual rental payments of
$35,820. This lease can be cancelled with three months advance
notice. Montana Mills considers its physical properties to be in
good operating condition and suitable for the purposes for which
they are used. Insurance is maintained on Montana Mills
properties in an amount believed to be adequate.

Legal Proceedings

From time to time in the ordinary course of
business, Montana Mills is involved in litigation. Montana Mills
is not presently involved in any litigation it deems to be
material to its business.



MONTANA MILLS MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

The following discussion of Montana
Mills financial condition and results of operations should
be read together with Montana Mills financial statements
and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this
information statement/prospectus. The discussion below contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Montana Mills actual results may differ materially from
those anticipated in those forward-looking statements.

Overview

In 1998, Montana Mills raised approximately
$2,500,000 through a private placement of its series A
convertible preferred stock. Through operating cash flow and
proceeds from this private placement, Montana Mills began the
further development of its core Rochester, New York market and
began expanding into additional adjoining markets. Accordingly,
Montana Mills opened one village bread store in the Rochester,
New York market, two village bread stores in the Buffalo, New
York market and one village bread store in the Syracuse, New
York market in the fiscal year ended February 27, 2000.

In 2000, Montana Mills issued $6,538,500
aggregate principal amount of debt securities comprised of a
private placement of $4,538,500 of subordinated convertible
debentures and a $2,000,000 convertible subordinated promissory
note made in favor of Cephas Capital Partners, L.P., a small
business investment company. Montana Mills used the net proceeds
of this private placement to continue its growth plan. In
Montana Mills eleven-month fiscal year February 28,
2000 through January 31, 2001, it opened two village bread
stores in the Albany, New York market, three satellite
cafs in the Rochester market, one satellite caf in
the Buffalo market and one additional village bread store in the
Syracuse market. In Montana Mills fiscal year ended
January 30, 2002, it opened one village bread store in the
Elmira, New York market, one village bread store in the
Binghamton, New York market and two additional satellite
cafs in the Rochester market. Upon completion of the
initial development of its concept in upstate New Yorks
largest cities, Montana Mills conducted demographic surveys of
potential new markets in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where it
opened one village bread store in April 2001, Columbus,
Ohio, where it opened two village bread stores and one satellite
caf in August through September 2001, and several
other cities in late fiscal 2002, including Hartford,
Connecticut, where Montana Mills opened one village bread store,
and Scranton and Erie, Pennsylvania, where Montana Mills opened
two village bread stores. As of February 1, 2003, Montana
Mills operated 30 permanent locations, including 20 village
bread stores and ten satellite cafs. Montana Mills also
operates one year-round kiosk in a shopping mall in the
Rochester, New York market.

Montana Mills initial public offering was
declared effective on June 27, 2002 and closed on
July 3, 2002. In connection with the initial public
offering, Montana Mills issued 2,269,950 shares of common stock
and 2,269,950 purchase warrants. This included the exercise by
Montana Mills underwriter of an over-allotment option for
269,950 shares of common stock and 269,950 purchase warrants.
The offering price per share of common stock was $5.00 and the
purchase warrants were priced at $.05 per purchase warrant.
Montana Mills initial public offering was underwritten on
a firm-commitment basis by Kirlin Securities, Inc. The net
proceeds to Montana Mills as a result of its initial public
offering were approximately $9,151,000.

The following selected financial data should be
read in conjunction with Results of Operations and
Liquidity and Capital Resources below, the
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and the
other financial data included elsewhere in this information
statement/prospectus.

The following table shows Montana Mills
selected financial data. The selected historical statements of
operations data for fiscal year February 28, 2000 through
January 31, 2001 and the fiscal year ended January 30,
2002 have been derived from Montana Mills audited
consolidated financial statements, which are included in this
information statement/prospectus. The selected historical
statements of operations data for each of the thirty-nine and
thirteen-week periods have not been audited. This quarterly
information has been prepared on a basis consistent with Montana
Mills audited financial statements and has been derived



from unaudited interim financial statements
included in this information statement/prospectus and, in the
opinion of Montana Mills management, includes all
adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments,
necessary for a fair presentation of the information for the
periods presented. Montana Mills quarterly operating
results may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of
factors, and operating results for any quarter are not
necessarily indicative of results for a full fiscal year.
Historically, Montana Mills has experienced seasonal variability
in its quarterly operating results, with higher profits per
store in the fourth quarter. The seasonal nature of Montana
Mills operating results is expected to continue.

Fiscal Year

February 28,

Fiscal Year

13 Weeks

13 Weeks

39 Weeks

39 Weeks

2000 through

Ended

Ended

Ended

Ended

Ended

January 31,

January 30,

October 31,

October 30,

October 31,

October 30,

(unaudited)

(unaudited)

(unaudited)

(unaudited)

Consolidated statements of operations
    data:

Sales

$

7,614,039

$

10,812,453

$

2,660,733

$

2,798,283

$

6,749,955

$

8,649,005

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and
    amortization)

3,498,069

5,386,722

1,365,649

1,601,339

3,396,312

4,738,493

Gross profit

4,115,970

5,425,731

1,295,084

1,196,944

3,353,643

3,910,512

Selling, general and administrative expenses

3,231,110

4,922,137

1,231,345

1,639,904

3,347,002

4,656,970

Pre-opening and grand-opening expenses

437,548

985,148

409,504

202,624

782,366

433,305

Depreciation and amortization

221,574

486,203

128,237

182,001

333,402

501,231

Income (loss) from operations

225,738

(967,757

)

(474,002

)

(827,585

)

(1,109,127

)

(1,680,994

)

Interest income

235,420

155,470

25,941

38,224

145,805

54,960

Financing costs

(418,808

)

(760,897

)

(190,180

)

(40,750

)

(570,809

)

(365,395

)

Income (loss) before income taxes

42,350

(1,573,184

)

(638,241

)

(830,111

)

(1,534,131

)

(1,991,429

)

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes

9,972

(615,480

)

(249,700

)

891,126

(599,450

)

436,986

Income (loss) before extraordinary item

32,378

(957,704

)

(388,541

)

(1,721,237

)

(934,681

)

(2,428,415

)

Extraordinary item  loss on early
    extinguishments of debt (net of income tax benefit of $84,000)











131,293

Net income (loss)

$

32,378

$

(957,704

)

$

(388,541

)

$

(1,721,237

)

$

(934,681

)

$

(2,559,708

)

Results of Operations

The following historical financial data,
discussion and analysis for the two most recent fiscal years are
derived from Montana Mills audited consolidated financial
statements for its fiscal year ended January 30, 2002,
which is referred to as fiscal 2002, and its fiscal
year February 28, 2000 through January 31, 2001, which
is referred to as fiscal 2001. The data should be
read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements and related notes included in this information
statement/prospectus.

Fiscal year ended January 30, 2002
    compared to the fiscal year February 28, 2000 through
    January 31, 2001

During Montana Mills fiscal year ended
January 31, 2001, its fiscal year-end was changed from the
Sunday closest to February 28 of each year to the Wednesday
closest to January 31 of each year. Montana Mills
fiscal 2001 consists of the eleven-month period from
February 28, 2000 through January 31, 2001.



Accordingly, the following comparison for fiscal
2002 versus fiscal 2001 compares a twelve-month period to an
eleven-month period. This unequal comparison affects each of the
categories discussed below.

Sales.
 Sales for
fiscal 2002 were $10,812,453, a 42% increase from fiscal 2001
sales of $7,614,039. This increase was primarily attributable to
approximately $2,041,000 of additional sales from eleven new
stores opened primarily in the last half of fiscal 2002, an
increase in sales of approximately $1,032,000 from seven stores
open a full year in fiscal 2002 compared to a partial year in
fiscal 2001, and a comparison of twelve months in fiscal 2002
with eleven months in fiscal 2001 offset by a 4% decline in
comparable store sales as a result of the cannibalization effect
of new store additions in existing markets and general economic
conditions. Sales also increased as a result of the associated
benefits from newly introduced products, including sandwiches
and coffee, which accounted for 14% of sales in fiscal 2002.
Total sales in established markets (markets with stores opened
in fiscal 2001 or prior) increased 19% in fiscal 2002 compared
to the previous year.

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation
and amortization).
 Cost of goods sold
(exclusive of depreciation and amortization) includes bakery and
paper ingredients supplied by outside vendors, production, labor
and occupancy costs. Cost of goods sold and occupancy costs were
$5,386,722 in fiscal 2002, a 54% increase from $3,498,069 in
fiscal 2001. Approximately $1,136,000 of this increase was due
to the addition of eleven new stores, and approximately $603,000
of this increase was due to the full-year costs related to seven
stores open for a full year in fiscal 2002 compared to a partial
year in fiscal 2001. Cost of goods sold and occupancy costs
increased as a percentage of sales to 50% in fiscal 2002 from
46% in fiscal 2001 primarily as a result of increased labor
costs in existing and new markets and increased product costs
related to new product offerings, including coffee, sandwiches
and other specialty bakery items, which in fiscal 2002 had a
lower margin than Montana Mills historical bakery
products. Increased labor costs in existing and new markets and
increased product costs related to new product offerings
contributed to cost of goods sold and occupancy costs on an
equal basis.

Gross profit.
 Gross
profit was $5,425,731 in fiscal 2002, a 32% increase from
$4,115,970 in fiscal 2001. Gross profit as a percentage of sales
decreased to 50% in fiscal 2002 from 54% in fiscal 2001
primarily as a result of increases in cost of goods sold.

Selling, general and administrative
expenses.
 Selling, general and
administrative expenses were $4,922,137 in fiscal 2002 (or 46%
of sales), a 52% increase from $3,231,110 in fiscal 2001 (or 42%
of sales). Store selling expenses were $3,269,458 in fiscal 2002
(or 30% of sales), a 57% increase from $2,078,948 in fiscal 2001
(or 27% of sales). Approximately $637,000 of this increase was
due to the addition of eleven new stores, and approximately
$412,000 of this increase was due to the full-year expenses
related to seven stores open for a full year in fiscal 2002
compared to a partial year in fiscal 2001. Corporate general and
administrative expenses increased to $1,652,679 in fiscal 2002,
a 43% increase from $1,152,162 for fiscal 2001. The increase in
general and administrative expenses was primarily due to
increases for corporate infrastructure including corporate
office personnel to support new store expansion and the effect
of comparing a twelve-month period in fiscal 2002 to eleven
months for the previous period.

Pre-opening and grand-opening
expenses.
 Pre-opening and
grand-opening expenses increased to $985,148 in fiscal 2002 from
$437,548 for fiscal 2001, an increase of 125%. The increase was
primarily a result of the addition of construction,
administrative and training personnel to support the addition of
new stores in fiscal 2002 and current expenditures for future
store development, consisting primarily of site selection and
lease negotiation fees. In addition, Montana Mills incurred
increased costs as it expanded into Ohio, Connecticut and
Pennsylvania.

Depreciation and
amortization.
 Depreciation and
amortization increased to $486,203 in fiscal 2002 from $221,574
for fiscal 2001, an increase of 119%. The increase in
depreciation and amortization was due to the effect of comparing
a twelve-month period in fiscal 2002 to approximately eleven
months for the previous period, and capital additions associated
with existing and new store expansion.

Financing costs, net of interest
income.
 Interest payments increased to
$630,964 in fiscal 2002 from $347,484 in fiscal 2001, an
increase of 82%. The increase resulted from a full year of
interest payments for



fiscal 2002 compared to a partial year of
interest payments for the previous period on Montana Mills
subordinated convertible debentures and promissory note issued
in fiscal 2001. Interest income decreased to $155,470 in fiscal
2002 from $235,420 in fiscal 2001, a decrease of 34%. The
decrease resulted from lower interest rates and reduced cash and
cash equivalent balances, partially offset by an increase due to
the effect of comparing a twelve-month period in fiscal 2002 to
eleven months for the previous period. Amortization of bond
issue costs increased to $129,933 in fiscal 2002 from $71,324 in
fiscal 2001, an increase of 82%. The increase resulted from a
full year of bond issue costs amortization for fiscal 2002
compared to a partial year of bond issue costs amortization for
the previous period on subordinated convertible debentures and a
promissory note issued in fiscal 2001.

Provision for (benefit from) income
taxes.
 The provision for (benefit
from) income taxes is based on the effective tax rate applied to
the respective fiscal years pre-tax income. In fiscal
2002, the benefit from income taxes was $615,480, representing a
39% effective tax rate, compared to a provision for income taxes
for fiscal 2001 of $9,972, representing a 24% effective tax
rate. The change primarily resulted from an increase in the loss
before income taxes to $1,573,184 in fiscal 2002 from income
before income taxes of $42,350 in fiscal 2001.

Thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended
    October 30, 2002 compared to the thirteen and thirty-nine
    weeks ended October 31, 2001

The selected historical statements of operations
data for each of the thirteen and thirty-nine week periods have
not been audited. This quarterly information has been prepared
on a basis consistent with Montana Mills audited financial
statements and has been derived from unaudited interim financial
statements of Montana Mills included in this information
statement/prospectus and, in the opinion of Montana Mills
management, includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the
information for the periods presented. Montana Mills
quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly as a
result of a variety of factors, and operating results for any
quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for a full
fiscal year. Historically, Montana Mills has experienced
seasonal variability in its quarterly operating results, with
higher profits per store in the fourth quarter. The seasonal
nature of our operating results is expected to continue.

Sales.
 Sales for the
thirteen weeks ended October 30, 2002 increased 5% to
$2,798,283 compared to $2,660,733 for the thirteen weeks ended
October 31, 2001. For the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 30, 2002 total sales increased 28% to $8,649,005
compared to $6,749,955 for the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 31, 2001. The increase in sales is primarily due to
approximately $368,878 of additional sales from five new stores
opened during the thirteen weeks ended October 30, 2002 and
approximately $1,019,327 of additional sales from the five new
stores opened during the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 30, 2002 compared to the corresponding periods for
the previous year. These increases were offset by a 4% decline
in comparable store sales during the thirteen weeks and
thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2002 as a result of the
cannibalization effect of new store additions in existing
markets and general economic conditions. Comparable store sales
from the five stores where Montana Mills generated off-premises
sales during the quarter ended October 30, 2002 increased
an average of 20% over the previous year. Montana Mills expects
to sell off-premises from substantially all of its current bread
stores within twelve months.

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation
and amortization).
 Cost of goods sold
(exclusive of depreciation and amortization) includes bakery and
paper ingredients supplied by outside vendors, production, labor
and occupancy costs. The cost of goods sold and occupancy costs
increased to $1,601,339 or 57% of sales for the thirteen weeks
ended October 30, 2002 as compared to $1,365,649 or 51% of
sales for the thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2001. For
the thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2002, cost of goods
sold and occupancy costs increased to $4,738,493 or 55% of sales
from $3,396,312 or 50% of sales for the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 31, 2001. The cost of goods sold and occupancy
costs for the thirteen weeks and thirty-nine weeks ended
October 30, 2002 increased primarily as a result of
increased labor costs in existing and new markets and increased
product costs related to a shift in product sales to other
offerings including coffee and sandwiches, which have a lower
margin than Montana Mills historical bakery products.



Selling, general and administrative
expenses.
 Selling, general and
administrative expenses were $1,639,904 or 59% of sales for the
thirteen weeks ended October 30, 2002 compared to
$1,231,345 or 46% of sales for the thirteen weeks ended
October 31, 2001. Selling, general and administrative
expenses were $4,656,970 or 54% of sales for the thirty-nine
weeks ended October 30, 2002 compared to $3,347,002 or 50%
of sales for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2001.
Store selling expenses were $431,131 or 15% of sales for the
thirteen weeks ended October 30, 2002 compared to $312,058
or 12% for the thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2001. This
increase is largely attributable to start-up expense incurred by
Montana Mills off-premises sales program. Store selling
expenses were $1,158,484 or 13% of sales for the thirty-nine
weeks ended October 30, 2002 compared to $815,464 of sales
or 12% for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2001.
Corporate general and administrative expenses were $510,584 (18%
of sales) for the thirteen weeks ended October 30, 2002
compared to $389,991 (15% of sales) for the comparable period
ended October 31, 2001. Corporate general and
administrative expenses for the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 30, 2002 included $125,000 (of which $109,000 is a
non-cash charge) for a public relations consultant hired by
Montana Mills subsequent to its initial public offering.
Excluding this charge, corporate general and administrative
expenses for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2002
were $1,389,982 (16% of sales) compared to $1,174,403 (17% of
sales) for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2001.

Pre-opening and grand-opening
expenses.
 Pre-opening and
grand-opening expenses, including franchise start-up expenses,
were $202,624 or 7% of sales for the thirteen weeks ended
October 30, 2002 compared to $409,504 or 15% of sales for
the thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2001. Pre-opening and
grand-opening expenses were $433,305 or 5% of sales for the
thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2002 compared to
$782,366 or 12% of sales for the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 31, 2001. Pre-opening and grand-opening expenses
decreased as a percentage of sales for the thirteen and
thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2002 compared to the
corresponding periods in the previous year primarily as a result
of opening fewer new stores during that time period.

Depreciation and
amortization.
 Depreciation and
amortization was $182,001 or 7% of sales for the thirteen weeks
ended October 30, 2002 compared to $128,237 or 5% of sales
for the thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2001. For the
thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2002, depreciation and
amortization was $501,231 or 6% of sales compared to $333,402 or
5% of sales for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 31,
2001.

Financing costs, net of interest
income.
 Interest payments were $40,750
for the thirteen weeks ended October 30, 2002 compared to
$157,697 for the thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2001.
Interest payments were $311,257 for the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 30, 2002 compared to $473,360 for the thirty-nine
weeks ended October 31, 2001. Interest payments decreased
for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 30,
2002 compared to the corresponding periods for the previous year
as a result of Montana Mills conversion of $4,538,500 of
subordinated convertible debentures into common stock at the
time of Montana Mills initial public offering, which
became effective on June 27, 2002. Amortization of bond
issue costs decreased to $0 for the thirteen weeks ended
October 30, 2002 compared to $32,483 for the thirteen weeks
ended October 31, 2001. Amortization of bond issue costs
decreased to $54,139 for the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 30, 2002 compared to $97,450 for the thirty-nine
weeks ended October 31, 2001. These decreases resulted from
Montana Mills conversion of $4,538,500 of subordinated
convertible debentures to common stock at the time of Montana
Mills initial public offering which became effective on
June 27, 2002. Interest income increased to $38,224 for the
thirteen weeks ended October 30, 2002 compared to $25,941
for the thirteen weeks ended October 31, 2001. This
increase is attributable to an increase in cash on hand as a
result of the initial public offering, despite a decline in
interest rates earned on investments. Interest income decreased
to $54,960 for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2002
compared to $145,805 for the thirty-nine weeks ended
October 31, 2001. This decrease resulted from a decline in
interest rates earned on investments and reduced average cash
and cash equivalent balances.

Income tax expense
(benefit).
 In the thirteen weeks ended
October 30, 2002, Montana Mills recorded a charge of
approximately $1,200,000 to establish a valuation allowance for
its net deferred tax



asset related to the realization of net operating
loss carryforwards. Approximately $900,000 related to previously
recognized deferred tax assets and approximately $300,000
related to the current thirteen-week period loss. The valuation
allowance was calculated in accordance with the provisions of
FAS 109, which places primary importance on Montana Mills
most recent operating results. Management of Montana Mills
believes the results for those periods were heavily affected by
deliberate and planned investments in new store development,
off-premises sales and franchising opportunities.

Extraordinary item  loss on early
extinguishments of debt.
 On
July 3, 2002, Cephas Capital Partners, L.P. was issued
15,000 shares of Montana Mills common stock and was paid
$20,000 in conjunction with the modification of a convertible
promissory note made by Montana Mills. Such modification lowered
the annual interest rate from 12% to 8%. The effect of this
modification was a one-time, nonrecurring charge of $215,293.
This charge included the $20,000 payment, $75,000 for the fair
market value of 15,000 shares of common stock at $5.00 per share
and the write-off of $120,293 of unamortized financing costs
associated with the initial issuance of the convertible
promissory note. In January 2003, Montana Mills repaid the note
and paid Cephas a prepayment charge. Together, such prepayment
and charge aggregated $2,060,000.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Thirty-nine weeks ended October 30,
2002.
 Net cash used in operating
activities for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2002
was $1,262,405 compared to $1,505,202 for the thirty-nine weeks
ended October 31, 2001. The decrease in cash outflows was
primarily a result of a lower requirement for working capital
and the use of the Montana Mills stock for consulting
compensation. Net cash used in investing activities for the
thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2002 increased to
$7,711,957 compared to $3,979,318 for the thirty-nine weeks
ended October 31, 2001, primarily as a result of decreased
purchases of property and equipment and increased short term
investments of the proceeds of Montana Mills initial
public offering completed in July 2002. Net cash provided by
financing activities was $8,999,000 for the thirty-nine weeks
ended October 30, 2002 and consisted primarily of the net
proceeds of Montana Mills initial public offering less
$125,000 in dividend payments to preferred stockholders prior to
the conversion of the preferred shares into common stock at the
date of Montana Mills initial public offering. For the
period ended October 31, 2001, net cash used by financing
activities was $251,536. Montana Mills had working capital of
approximately $7,900,000 at October 30, 2002 consisting
principally of cash and cash equivalents and short-term
investments invested in short-term money market funds.

Fiscal year ended January 30,
2002.
 Net cash used in operating
activities was $973,406 for fiscal 2002 and net cash provided by
operating activities was $598,937 for fiscal 2001. The change
resulted primarily from a decrease in gross profit, and
increases in corporate general and administrative expenses,
pre-opening and grand-opening expenses and interest payments on
convertible debentures.

Net cash used in investing activities was
$4,248,352 in fiscal 2002 and $1,974,776 in fiscal 2001.
Investing activities primarily consisted of capital expenditures
for property, plant and equipment related to new store
expansion, the purchase of a trademark and a net investment of
excess cash of $518,258 in short-term money market funds.

Net cash used in financing activities was
$335,563 in fiscal 2002 and net cash provided by financing
activities was $5,682,743 for fiscal 2001. Financing activities
in fiscal 2002 consisted primarily of the payment of $300,000 in
dividends to Montana Mills series A convertible preferred
stockholders. Financing activities for fiscal 2001 consisted
primarily of $5,983,838 in net proceeds from the issuance of
subordinated convertible debentures and the Cephas Capital
Partners convertible promissory note offset by the payment of
$275,000 in dividends to Montana Mills series A
convertible preferred stockholders.

During fiscal 2002, Montana Mills made an
aggregate of $926,282 in dividend and interest payments to its
series A convertible preferred stockholders, Cephas Capital
Partners and its subordinated convertible debentureholders.



General.
 Since
Montana Mills formation, its liquidity needs generally
have been funded through a combination of operating cash and
external capital. In 1998, Montana Mills raised approximately
$2,500,000 through a private placement of series A convertible
preferred stock. In 2000, Montana Mills issued $6,538,500
aggregate principal amount of debt securities comprised of a
private placement of $4,538,500 of subordinated convertible
debentures and a $2,000,000 convertible promissory note made in
favor of Cephas Capital Partners. In June 2002, Montana Mills
completed an initial public offering in which Montana Mills
received net proceeds of $9,151,000.

The proceeds from the private placements were
used to assist Montana Mills in its expansion into new and
existing markets, build corporate infrastructure and for general
working capital purposes. The proceeds from the initial public
offering were used by Montana Mills for working capital and to
repay on January 3, 2003 the Cephas Capital promissory
note, which repayment, including a prepayment premium,
aggregated $2,060,000.

Impact of Inflation and Seasonality

Montana Mills anticipates that its business will
be affected by general trends that affect retailers. Montana
Mills does not believe that it has operated during a period of
high inflation. Based on its experience, Montana Mills intends
to be able to pass on increased costs resulting from inflation
to Montana Mills customers. Montana Mills business
could be affected by increased wheat prices, coffee prices,
sugar prices, acquisitions of existing bakeries, weather,
marketing programs, variations in the number of store openings
and general economic conditions and diet trends. In the past,
Montana Mills has been able to recover inflationary costs and
commodity price increases through increased menu prices. There
have been and there may be in the future delays in implementing
such menu price increases, and competitive pressures may limit
Montana Mills ability to recover such cost increases in
their entirety. Historically, the effects of inflation on
Montana Mills net income have not been materially adverse.

A majority of Montana Mills employees are
paid hourly rates related to federal and state minimum wage
laws. Although Montana Mills has and will continue to attempt to
pass along any increased labor costs through food price
increases, there can be no assurance that all such increased
labor costs can be reflected in its prices or that increased
prices will be absorbed by consumers without diminishing to some
degree consumer spending at the bread stores. However, Montana
Mills has not experienced to date a significant reduction in
gross profit margins as a result of changes in such laws, and
management does not anticipate any related future significant
reductions in gross profit margins.

Transactions with Related Parties

Transactions with related parties included the
purchase of coffee and the leasing of three properties from
entities owned by Mr. ODonovan. Montana Mills
believes that these arrangements are consistent in all respects
with other arrangements that could have been made with
unaffiliated third parties. On July 3, 2002, the closing of
Montana Mills initial public offering, Montana Mills
purchased Java Joes Public Market Roastery, Inc., from
Eugene ODonovan for $30,000. Montana Mills is now
purchasing and roasting coffee for use in its bread stores.

Critical Accounting Policies

An understanding of Montana Mills
accounting policies is necessary for a complete analysis of its
results, financial position, liquidity and trends. Attention
should be focused on the following:

Asset Impairment.

All long-lived assets are evaluated
for impairment on the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is
written down to its estimated fair market value based on the
best information available. Estimated fair market value is
generally measured by discounting estimated future cash flows.
Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate
discounted future cash flows. Assumptions used in these cash
flows are consistent with internal forecasts.



Income Taxes.

Montana Mills effective tax rate
and the tax basis of its assets and liabilities reflect its best
estimate of the ultimate outcome of tax audits. Valuation
allowances are established where expected future taxable income
does not support the realization of the deferred tax assets.
Considerable management judgment is also necessary in estimating
future taxable income. Assumptions used in these estimates are
consistent with internal forecasts.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2001, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 144,
Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets which supersedes SFAS No. 121,
Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for
Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of and the accounting and
reporting provisions of APB Opinion No. 30, Reporting
the Results of Operations  Reporting the Effects of
Disposal of a Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual
and Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions. SFAS
No. 144 retains many of the provisions of SFAS
No. 121, but addresses certain implementation issues
associated with that Statement. Montana Mills adopted SFAS
No. 144 on January 31, 2002 and the adoption did not
have a material impact on its financial condition or its results
of operations.

In April 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 145,
Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44 and 64, Amendment
of FASB Statement No. 13, and Technical Corrections.
Montana Mills adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 145 in its
quarter ended July 31, 2002. There was no impact on its
financial statements as a result of the adoption of SFAS
No. 145.

In June 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 146,
Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal
Activities which nullifies Emerging Issues Task Force
(EITF) Issue No. 94-3. SFAS No. 146
requires that a liability for a cost associated with an exit or
disposal activity be recognized when the liability is incurred.
The provisions of SFAS No. 146 are effective for exit or
disposal activities initiated after December 31, 2002.
Montana Mills believes the impact of the adoption of the
provisions of SFAS No. 146 will not have a material impact
on its financial statements.

In December 2002, SFAS No. 148,
Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
Transition and Disclosure  an amendment of FASB
No. 123 was issued. SFAS No. 148 amends SFAS
No. 123 to provide alternative methods of transition for a
voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting
for stock-based employee compensation. It also amends disclosure
requirements of SFAS No. 123 requiring disclosures in both
annual and interim financial statements about the method of
accounting for stock based employee compensation and the effect
of the method used on reported results. The transition guidance
and annual disclosure provisions of this statement are effective
for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2002. The
interim disclosure provisions are effective for financial
reports containing financial statements for interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2002. At this time, the
pronouncement is not expected to have any impact on Montana
Mills reported results of operations and financial
position as it continues to account for its stock compensation
plans under the provisions of APB Opinion No. 25,
Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.

In November 2002, the FASB issued Interpretation
No. 45 (FIN 45), Guarantors
Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including
Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others. The
Interpretation elaborates on the existing disclosure
requirements for most guarantees. It also clarifies that at the
time a company issues a guarantee, the company must recognize an
initial liability for the fair value, or market value, of the
obligation it assumes under that guarantee and must disclose
that information in its interim and annual financial statements.
The initial recognition and measurement provisions apply on a
prospective basis to guarantees issued or modified after
December 31, 2002. Montana Mills does not expect the
recognition and measurement provisions of FIN 45 to have a
material effect on future interim or annual financial statements.

In January 2003, the FASB issued Interpretation
No. 46 (FIN 46), Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities, an Interpretation of ARB
No. 51. FIN 46 provides guidance on the
identification of entities for which control is achieved through
means other than through voting rights (variable interest



entities or VIEs) and how to
determine when and which business enterprise should consolidate
the VIE (the primary beneficiary). This new model
for consolidation applies to an entity which either (1) the
equity investors do not have a controlling financial interest or
(2) the equity investment at risk is insufficient to
finance that entitys activities without receiving
additional subordinated financial support from other parties. In
addition, FIN 46 requires that both the primary beneficiary and
all other enterprises with a significant variable interest in a
VIE make additional disclosures. FIN 46 applies immediately
to variable interest entities created after January 31,
2003, and to variable interest entities in which an enterprise
obtains an interest after that date. It applies in the first
fiscal year or interim period beginning after June 15,
2003, to variable interest entities in which an enterprise holds
a variable interest that it acquired before February 1,
2003. Montana Mills does not believe FIN 46 will have an
impact on its future reported results of operations and
financial position.



DESCRIPTION OF KRISPY KREME CAPITAL
STOCK

Krispy Kremes articles of incorporation
authorize the issuance of up to 300,000,000 shares of common
stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, the rights and
preferences of which may be established from time to time by its
board of directors.

Common Stock

Holders of Krispy Kreme common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a
vote of shareholders and do not have cumulative voting rights.
Thus, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock
entitled to vote in any election of directors may elect all of
the directors standing for election. Holders of common stock are
entitled to receive ratably any dividends that may be declared
by the board of directors out of funds legally available for
dividends, subject to any preferential dividend rights of
outstanding preferred stock. If Krispy Kreme liquidates,
dissolves or winds up, the holders of common stock are entitled
to receive ratably all of its assets available after payment of
all debts and other liabilities, subject to the prior rights of
any outstanding preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no
preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights or any
rights to share in any sinking fund. The rights, preferences and
privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and
may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of
shares of any series of preferred stock that Krispy Kreme may
designate and issue in the future.

Preferred Stock

Krispy Kremes articles of incorporation
authorize the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock from time to time in one or more series and with terms of
each series stated in its boards resolutions providing for
the designation and issue of that series. Its articles also
authorize the board of directors to determine the dividend,
voting, conversion, redemption and liquidation preferences,
rights, privileges and limitations pertaining to each series of
preferred stock that it issues. Subject to applicable stock
exchange rules, without seeking any shareholder approval, its
board of directors may issue preferred stock with voting and
other rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the
holders of its common stock and could have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control. Other
than the issuance of the series of preferred stock previously
authorized by the board of directors in connection with the
shareholder rights plan described below, Krispy Kreme has no
present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock.

Anti-Takeover Provisions Of Krispy
Kremes Articles Of Incorporation, Bylaws And Shareholder
Rights Plan

The rights of Krispy Kremes shareholders
are governed by provisions in its articles of incorporation,
bylaws and shareholder rights plan that may affect any attempted
change in control. Krispy Kremes articles of incorporation
opt it out of some provisions of North Carolina law that would
otherwise affect attempted changes in control of Krispy Kreme.

Classification Of Directors

Krispy Kremes bylaws provide that its board
of directors consists of not more than 15 nor less than nine
members. The board of directors has the power to set the
authorized number of directors by majority vote of the whole
board within those limits. The board currently consists of
eleven directors, two of whom are employed by Krispy Kreme and
four of whom are Krispy Kreme franchisees. Krispy Kremes
bylaws also divide the board into three classes serving
staggered three-year terms. The classification of directors
could prevent a shareholder, or group of shareholders, having
majority voting power, from obtaining control of the board until
the second annual shareholders meeting following the date
that the shareholder, or group of shareholders, obtains majority
voting power. Thus, this provision may discourage a potential
acquiror from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to
obtain control of Krispy Kreme.



In the first quarter of fiscal 2003, Krispy Kreme
announced that it intends to add two additional independent
directors to the board. This process is currently underway and
will expand the board from eleven to thirteen seats.

Advance Notice Provisions

Krispy Kremes bylaws provide that
shareholders must provide timely notice in writing to bring
business before an annual meeting of shareholders or to nominate
candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of
shareholders. Notice for an annual meeting is timely if the
Secretary receives the written notice not less than 40 days
prior to the scheduled annual meeting. If less than
50 days notice of the meeting is given or made by
Krispy Kreme to the shareholders, a shareholders notice
will be timely if received by the Secretary on the tenth day
following the date such notice was given or made. The bylaws
also specify the form and content of a shareholders
notice. These provisions may prevent shareholders from bringing
matters before an annual meeting of shareholders or from making
nominations for directors at an annual meeting of shareholders.

Shareholder Rights Plan

Krispy Kremes board of directors has
declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right for
each share of Krispy Kreme common stock. Each share purchase
right entitles the registered holder to purchase from Krispy
Kreme one one-hundredth (1/100) of a share of Krispy Kreme
Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock at a
price of $96.00 per one one-hundredth of a Series A
preferred share. The exercise price and the number of
Series A preferred shares issuable upon exercise are
subject to adjustments from time to time to prevent dilution.
The share purchase rights are not exercisable until the earlier
to occur of (1) 10 days following a public
announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated
persons  referred to as an acquiring
person  have acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or
more of its outstanding common stock or (2) 10 business
days following the commencement of, or announcement of an
intention to make, a tender offer or exchange offer which would
result in an acquiring person beneficially owning 15% or more of
its outstanding shares of common stock. If Krispy Kreme is
acquired in a merger or other business combination, or if 50% or
more of its consolidated assets or earning power is sold after a
person or group has become an acquiring person, proper provision
will be made so that each holder of a share purchase
right  other than share purchase rights beneficially
owned by the acquiring person, which will thereafter be
void  will have the right to receive, upon exercise
of the share purchase right at the then current exercise price,
the number of shares of common stock of the acquiring company
which at the time of the transaction have a market value of two
times the share purchase right exercise price. If any person or
group becomes an acquiring person, proper provision shall be
made so that each holder of a share purchase right 
other than share purchase rights beneficially owned by the
acquiring person, which will thereafter be void  will
have the right to receive upon exercise, and without paying the
exercise price, the number of shares of Krispy Kreme common
stock with a market value equal to the share purchase right
exercise price. Series A preferred shares purchasable upon
exercise of the share purchase rights will not be redeemable.
Each Series A preferred share will be entitled to a minimum
preferential dividend payment of $1.00 per share and will be
entitled to an aggregate dividend of 100 times the dividend
declared per share of common stock. In the event Krispy Kreme
liquidates, the holders of the Series A preferred shares
will be entitled to a minimum preferential liquidation payment
of $1.00 per share but will be entitled to an aggregate payment
of 100 times the payment made per share of common stock. Each
Series A preferred share will have 100 votes, voting
together with the shares of common stock. Finally, in the event
of any merger, consolidation or other transaction in which
shares of common stock are exchanged, each Series A
preferred share will be entitled to receive 100 times the amount
received per share of common stock. These rights are protected
by customary antidilution provisions. Before the date the share
purchase rights are exercisable, the share purchase rights may
not be detached or transferred separately from the common stock.
The share purchase rights will expire on January 18, 2010,
unless that expiration date is extended or unless the share
purchase rights are redeemed or exchanged by Krispy Kreme. At
any time before an acquiring person acquires beneficial
ownership of 15% or more of Krispy Kremes outstanding
common stock, its board of directors



may redeem the share purchase rights in whole,
but not in part, at a price of $.001 per share purchase right.
Immediately upon any share purchase rights redemption, the
exercise rights terminate, and the holders will only be entitled
to receive the redemption price. A more detailed description and
terms o f the share purchase rights are set forth in a rights
agreement between Krispy Kreme and Branch Banking and Trust
Company, as rights agent. This rights agreement could have the
effect of discouraging tender offers or other transactions that
might otherwise result in Krispy Kreme shareholders receiving a
premium over the market price for their common stock.

Director Removal And Vacancies

A director may be removed only with cause by the
vote of the holders of a two-thirds majority of the shares
entitled to vote for the election of directors. Krispy
Kremes bylaws generally provide that any board vacancy may
be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, even if less
than a quorum, which is normally a majority of the authorized
number of directors.

Ability To Consider Other
Constituencies

Krispy Kremes articles of incorporation
permit its board of directors, in determining what is believed
to be in the best interest of Krispy Kreme, to consider the
interests of its employees, customers, suppliers and creditors,
the communities in which its offices or other facilities are
located and all other factors its directors may consider
pertinent, in addition to considering the effects of any actions
on Krispy Kreme and its shareholders. Pursuant to this
provision, its board of directors may consider many judgmental
or subjective factors affecting a proposal, including certain
nonfinancial matters. On the basis of these considerations, its
board may oppose a business combination or other transaction
which, viewed exclusively from a financial perspective, might be
attractive to some, or even a majority, of its shareholders.

Indemnification And Limitations On Liability
Of Directors And Officers

Krispy Kremes bylaws provide for
indemnification of directors to the fullest extent permitted by
North Carolina law. The articles of incorporation, to the extent
permitted by North Carolina law, eliminate or limit the personal
liability of directors to Krispy Kreme and its shareholders for
monetary damages for breach of the duty of care. Such
indemnification may be available for liabilities arising in
connection with this offering. To the extent that limitation of
liability or indemnification for liabilities under the
Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or
persons controlling Krispy Kreme under the foregoing provisions,
Krispy Kreme has been informed that, in the opinion of the
Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.
Krispy Kremes bylaws also allow it to indemnify its
officers, employees, agents and other persons to the fullest
extent permitted by North Carolina law. Krispy Kremes
bylaws obligate Krispy Kreme, under certain circumstances, to
advance expenses to its directors, officers, employees and
agents in defending an action, suit or proceeding for which
indemnification may be sought. Krispy Kreme can also indemnify
someone serving at its request as a director, officer, trustee,
partner, employee or agent of one of its subsidiaries or of any
other organization against these liabilities. Krispy
Kremes bylaws also provide that it has the power to
purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is
or was one of its directors, officers, employees or agents
against any liability asserted against that person or incurred
by that person in these capacities, whether or not it would have
the power to indemnify that person against these liabilities
under North Carolina law. Krispy Kreme maintains insurance on
behalf of all of its directors and executive officers.

Other Matters

Krispy Kremes common stock trades on the
New York Stock Exchange under the symbol KKD. Branch Banking and
Trust Company is the transfer agent and registrar for Krispy
Kreme common stock.



Montana Mills Warrants

Publicly Traded
Warrants.
 Krispy Kreme has agreed to
use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of
Montana Mills warrants that are currently traded on the American
Stock Exchange. Upon the consummation of the merger, each of
these warrants to purchase Montana Mills common stock will
become exercisable for the number of shares of Krispy Kreme
common stock and at an exercise price per share to be determined
(using the exchange ratio) in accordance with a warrant
agreement between Montana Mills and Continental Stock Transfer
& Trust Company, as warrant agent, the form of which is
referenced as an exhibit to the registration statement to which
this information statement/prospectus is a part. These warrants
will be redeemable by Krispy Kreme if its common stock trades at
200% of the exercise price of the warrants for at least 20
consecutive trading days and holders of the warrants are
provided with at least 30 days notice of redemption.

These warrants expire if not exercised prior to
June 27, 2007. Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
currently serves as warrant agent for these warrants. The
exercise price and number of shares of Krispy Kreme common stock
or other securities issuable upon the exercise of these warrants
are subject to adjustment to protect against dilution if Krispy
Kreme issues a stock dividend or conducts a stock split,
recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation or
other similar event. Krispy Kreme cannot assure you that the
market price of its common stock will exceed the exercise price
of these warrants at any time during the period in which they
are exercisable. These warrants do not give a holder any
dividend, voting, preemptive or any other rights Krispy Kreme
shareholders may have.

Other Warrants.
 At
the time of the merger, additional warrants previously granted
by Montana Mills to its advisors will become exercisable (using
the exchange ratio) for an aggregate of 37,234 shares of Krispy
Kreme common stock at exercise prices ranging from $3.33 to
$99.93 per share of Krispy Kreme common stock, in each case to
be determined in accordance with, and subject to the
anti-dilution and other provisions of, the applicable warrant
agreement.



PRINCIPAL PROVISIONS OF THE MERGER
AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A and is
incorporated into this information statement/prospectus by
reference. Stockholders of Montana Mills are urged to read the
merger agreement in its entirety for a more complete description
of the terms and conditions of the merger.

General

The merger agreement contemplates the merger of
Oliver Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Krispy
Kreme, with and into Montana Mills, with Montana Mills surviving
the merger. The merger will become effective at the date and
time that the certificate of merger is filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware or such later time as may be
specified therein. Krispy Kreme anticipates that this filing
will be made as soon as practicable after the last of the
conditions precedent to the merger, as set forth in the merger
agreement, has been satisfied or waived. The merger agreement
obligates Krispy Kreme to have the Krispy Kreme common stock to
be issued in connection with the merger approved for listing on
the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official notice of
issuance, prior to the effective time of the merger.

Consideration To Be Received In The
Merger

At the effective time of the merger, each issued
and outstanding share of Montana Mills common stock will be
converted into the right to receive 0.1501 shares of Krispy
Kreme common stock, subject to adjustment as described under
 Termination. However, each share of
Montana Mills common stock owned by Montana Mills or any of
Montana Mills subsidiaries will be canceled. Cash will be
paid in lieu of any fractional Krispy Kreme common stock that
would otherwise be issuable to each holder of Montana Mills
common stock. Each Montana Mills stockholder who would otherwise
have been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Krispy
Kreme common stock will be entitled to receive an amount of cash
determined by multiplying the closing sales price of a share of
Krispy Kreme common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the
closing date of the merger by the fractional share interest to
which that holder would otherwise have been entitled.

Exchange Of Shares

Branch Banking and Trust Company will act as
exchange agent in the merger. Subject to the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement, Krispy Kreme will make
available to the exchange agent from time to time upon its
request certificates representing the Krispy Kreme common stock
issuable in exchange for the outstanding Montana Mills common
stock and cash in an amount required to be paid for fractional
Krispy Kreme common stock and other distributions, if any, on
the Krispy Kreme common stock. As promptly as practicable after
the effective time of the merger, Krispy Kreme will cause the
exchange agent to send to each holder of record of Montana Mills
common stock a letter of transmittal and instructions.
Thereafter, holders of Montana Mills common stock may surrender
their certificates to the exchange agent, together with a duly
executed letter of transmittal. In exchange for such share
certificates, holders will receive Krispy Kreme common stock
certificates representing the applicable whole number of Krispy
Kreme shares and cash in lieu of any fractional Krispy Kreme
shares, both as described under  Consideration
to be Received in the Merger. Holders of unexchanged
Montana Mills common stock will not be entitled to receive any
dividends or distributions payable by Krispy Kreme with respect
to those shares of Krispy Kreme common stock issuable in respect
of the Montana Mills common stock formerly represented by such
unexchanged Montana Mills certificates until the applicable
Montana Mills certificate is surrendered. Upon surrender,
however, subject to applicable laws, former Montana Mills
stockholders will receive such distributions in respect of the
whole Krispy Kreme shares received, together with cash in lieu
of fractional shares.

Montana Mills Stock Options and
Warrants.
 The merger agreement
provides that all rights with respect to Montana Mills common
stock pursuant to Montana Mills stock options or Montana Mills



warrants shall be converted into and become
rights with respect to Krispy Kreme common stock in accordance
with the terms of the stock option plans under which they were
issued and any stock option agreement or warrant agreement by
which they are evidenced. Each Montana Mills stock option or
Montana Mills warrant substituted by Krispy Kreme will be
exercisable for the number of shares of Krispy Kreme common
stock equal to the number of shares of Montana Mills common
stock underlying such option multiplied by the exchange ratio.
Unless otherwise provided by the stock option agreement or
warrant agreement by which it is evidenced, the exercise price
for each Montana Mills option or warrant substituted by Krispy
Kreme will equal the Montana Mills exercise price divided by the
exchange ratio and, upon conversion, the exercise price of each
stock option or warrant shall be rounded up to the nearest $0.01
and the number of shares issuable upon exercise shall be rounded
down to the nearest full share.

Principal Representations And
Warranties

The merger agreement contains a number of
representations and warranties of Montana Mills, including those
regarding due incorporation and good standing, capitalization,
corporate authority to enter into the contemplated transactions,
required consents and filings with government entities, absence
of conflicts with organizational documents and material
agreements, reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, financial statements, information supplied for use
in this information statement/prospectus, absence of changes or
events, litigation, title to and condition of properties,
contracts, bank accounts and indebtedness, franchise matters,
labor matters, compliance with law, board approval, intellectual
property, taxes, employee benefit plans, environmental matters,
absence of undisclosed liabilities, finders and brokers,
insurance, customers and suppliers and product warranty.

The merger agreement also includes a number of
representations and warranties of Krispy Kreme, including those
regarding due incorporation and good standing, capitalization,
corporate authority to enter into the contemplated transactions,
required consents and filings with government entities, reports
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, financial
statements, information supplied for use in this information
statement/prospectus, litigation and board approval.

Many of these representations and warranties are
subject to a material adverse effect qualifier, which, for
purposes of the merger agreement, means, with respect to Krispy
Kreme or Montana Mills, as the case may be, a material adverse
effect on the business, assets, liabilities, results of
operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of
either party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

The representations and warranties contained in
the merger agreement will not survive the merger, but they form
the basis of conditions to Krispy Kremes and Montana
Mills obligations to complete the merger.

Principal Covenants

Conduct of Business Pending the
Merger.
 Pursuant to the merger
agreement, Montana Mills has agreed that from the date of the
merger agreement until the effective time of the merger, except
as consented to in writing by Krispy Kreme, it will, and will
cause each of its subsidiaries to, conduct its business in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice and will use all
commercially reasonable efforts to:

 

preserve intact its present business organization;

 

maintain the availability of the services of its
    officers and employees;

 

maintain satisfactory relationships with its
    suppliers, distributors, customers and others having business
    relationships with it, if the loss of such business relationship
    would have a material adverse effect on Montana Mills; and

 

take no action which would materially impair the
    ability of the parties to consummate the merger or the other
    transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.



Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
except as otherwise expressly provided in the merger agreement,
prior to the effective time of the merger, Montana Mills will
not, nor will it permit any of its subsidiaries to, without the
prior written consent of Krispy Kreme, which consent is not to
be unreasonably withheld or delayed:

(a) amend its certificate of incorporation
    or organization or bylaws;

(b) authorize for issuance, issue, sell,
    deliver, grant any options for, or otherwise agree or commit to
    issue, sell or deliver any shares of any class of its capital
    stock or any securities convertible into shares of any class of
    its capital stock except for the issuance of capital stock as
    may be required pursuant to any outstanding options or warrants
    to purchase shares of Montana Mills;

(c) split, combine or reclassify any shares
    of its capital stock, declare, set aside or pay any dividend or
    other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any
    combination thereof) in respect of its capital stock or
    purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of Montana
    Mills own capital stock or of any of its subsidiaries,
    except as otherwise expressly provided in the merger agreement;

(d) (1) create, incur, assume, maintain
    or permit to exist any debt for borrowed money;

(2) assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise
    become liable or responsible (whether directly, contingently or
    otherwise) for the obligations of any other person except for
    Montana Mills wholly owned subsidiaries in the ordinary
    course of business and consistent with past practices;

(3) make any loans, advances or capital
    contributions to, or investments in, any other person; or

(4) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of
    its capital stock or its subsidiaries;

(e) (1) increase in any manner the
    compensation of

 

any employee except in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice; or

 

any of its directors or officers;

(2) pay or agree to pay any pension,
    retirement allowance or other employee benefit not required, or
    enter into or agree to enter into any agreement or arrangement
    with such director or officer or employee, whether past or
    present, relating to any such pension, retirement allowance or
    other employee benefit, except as required under currently
    existing agreements, plans or arrangements;

(3) grant any severance or termination pay
    to, or enter into any employment or severance agreement with,

 

any employee except in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice or

 

any of its directors or officers; or

(4) enter into any employment or severance
    agreement with any employee or any of its directors or officers;
    or

(5) except as may be required to comply with
    applicable law, become obligated (other than pursuant to any new
    or renewed collective bargaining agreement) under any new
    pension plan, welfare plan, multiemployer plan, employee benefit
    plan, benefit arrangement, or similar plan or arrangement, which
    was not in existence on the date of the merger agreement,
    including any bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, stock
    purchase, stock option, stock appreciation right, group
    insurance, severance pay, retirement or other benefit plan,
    agreement or arrangement, or employment or consulting agreement
    with or for the benefit of any person, or amend any of such
    plans or any of such agreements in existence on the date of the
    merger agreement;



(f) except as otherwise expressly
    contemplated by the merger agreement, enter into any other
    agreements, commitments or contracts, except agreements,
    commitments or contracts for the purchase, sale or lease of
    goods or services in the ordinary course of business consistent
    with past practice;

(g) enter into any franchise or similar
    agreement or arrangement, other than franchise or similar
    agreements or arrangements listed in the merger agreement;

(h) authorize, recommend, propose or
    announce an intention to authorize, recommend or propose, or
    enter into any agreement in principle or an agreement with
    respect to, any plan of liquidation or dissolution, any
    acquisition of a material amount of assets or securities, any
    sale, transfer, lease, license, pledge, mortgage, or other
    disposition or encumbrance of a material amount of assets or
    securities or any material change in its capitalization, or any
    entry into a material contract or any amendment or modification
    of any material contract or any release or relinquishment of any
    material contract rights;

(i) authorize any new capital expenditure or
    expenditures in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate, other than
    capital expenditures required pursuant to existing contracts or
    capital expenditures in connection with stores that are already
    under construction;

(j) make any change in the accounting
    methods or accounting practices followed by Montana Mills,
    except as may be required by GAAP or the rules and regulations
    of the Securities and Exchange Commission;

(k) settle or compromise any material
    federal, state, local, foreign or franchise tax liability, make
    any new material tax election, revoke or modify any existing tax
    election, or request or consent to a change in any method of tax
    accounting;

(l) take, cause or permit to be taken any
    action that could reasonably be expected to prevent the merger
    from constituting a reorganization within the
    meaning of section 368(a) of the Code;

(m) knowingly do any act or omit to do any
    act that would result in a breach of any representation by
    Montana Mills set forth in the merger agreement; or

(n) agree to do any of the foregoing.

No Solicitation of
Transactions.
 Pursuant to the merger
agreement, Montana Mills has agreed that it will not, nor will
it permit any Montana Mills subsidiary to, nor will it authorize
any officer, director, employee, investment banker, attorney,
accountant, agent or other advisor or representative of Montana
Mills or any Montana Mills subsidiary to:

 

solicit, initiate or knowingly facilitate or
    encourage the submission of any takeover proposal, which is
    defined in the merger agreement to mean any proposal for a
    merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination or
    other similar transaction involving Montana Mills or any of its
    significant subsidiaries or any proposal or offer to acquire,
    directly or indirectly, an equity interest in, any voting
    securities of, or a substantial portion of the assets of,
    Montana Mills or any of its significant subsidiaries;

 

enter into any agreement with respect to any
    takeover proposal; or

 

participate in any discussions or negotiations
    regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect
    to, or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the
    making of any proposal that constitutes, or may be reasonably
    expected to lead to, any takeover proposal.

Indemnification and
Insurance.
 These matters are discussed
above under the heading Interests of Insiders in the
Merger  Interests of Montana Mills Officers and
Directors  Indemnification and Insurance.

Other Covenants.
 The
merger agreement contains additional covenants, including
covenants relating to preparation and distribution of this
information statement/ prospectus, access to information, public



announcements and cooperation regarding filings
with governmental and other agencies and organizations and the
listing of the shares of Krispy Kreme common stock to be issued
in connection with the merger on the New York Stock Exchange. In
addition, the merger agreement contains a covenant requiring
Krispy Kreme to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Montana Mills publicly traded warrants to continue to be listed
on the American Stock Exchange after the merger.

Conditions To The Consummation Of The
Merger

Conditions to Each Partys Obligations to
Effect the Merger.
 Each partys
obligation to consummate the merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

(a) 
No Injunctions or Restraints.
 No
    judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
    regulation entered, enacted, promulgated, enforced or issued by
    any court or other governmental entity of competent jurisdiction
    or other legal restraint or prohibition will be in effect
    preventing the consummation of the merger.

(b)
 Registration Statement.
 The
    registration statement, of which this information
    statement/prospectus is a part, will have become effective under
    the Securities Act and will not be the subject of any stop order
    or proceedings seeking a stop order and no stop order or similar
    restraining order will be threatened or entered by the
    Securities and Exchange Commission or any state securities
    administration preventing the merger. In addition, 20 business
    days must have elapsed since this information
    statement/prospectus was mailed to Montana Mills
    stockholders.

(c)
 New York Stock Exchange Listing.

    The shares of Krispy Kreme common stock issuable to Montana
    Mills stockholders as contemplated by the merger agreement
    will have been approved for listing on the New York Stock
    Exchange, subject to official notice of issuance.

(d)
 Employment and Registration Rights
    Agreements.
 Each of the employment agreements with Eugene
    ODonovan and Susan ODonovan and the registration
    rights agreement relating to the registration of the shares of
    Krispy Kreme common stock being issued to Eugene ODonovan
    and Susan ODonovan shall be in full force and effect at
    the time of the closing of the merger.

(e)
 Indemnification Agreement.
 Eugene
    ODonovan shall have executed and delivered an
    indemnification agreement providing for indemnification against
    breaches of tax and environmental representations and warranties
    of Montana Mills contained in the merger agreement.

(f)
 Consents and Approvals.
 All
    necessary consents and approvals of any United States or any
    other governmental authority or any other third party required
    for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
    merger agreement will have been obtained; except for such
    consents and approvals which individually or in the aggregate
    would not have a material adverse effect on Krispy Kreme after
    the effective time of the merger if they were not obtained.

Additional Conditions to Obligations of Krispy
Kreme.
 The obligation of Krispy Kreme
to consummate the merger is further subject to the satisfaction
of the following additional conditions, which may be waived in
writing exclusively by Krispy Kreme:

(a)
 Company Stockholder Approval
    Obtained.
 The irrevocable consent of the holders of a
    majority of the outstanding shares of Montana Mills common stock
    delivered at the signing of the merger agreement will be in full
    force and effect and will constitute the requisite consent of
    the stockholders of Montana Mills to the merger and the adoption
    of the merger agreement under the General Corporation Law of the
    State of Delaware and the certificate of incorporation and
    bylaws of Montana Mills.

(b)
 Representations and Warranties.

    The representations and warranties of Montana Mills included in
    the merger agreement to the extent qualified as to a material
    adverse effect will be true and correct in all respects, and to
    the extent the representations are not qualified as to a
    material adverse effect will have been true and correct in all
    material respects as of the date of the merger agreement and at
    and as of the effective time of the merger, as if made at and as
    of that time except



to the extent expressly made as of an earlier
    date, in which case on that date. Montana Mills will have
    delivered to Krispy Kreme an officers certificate, in form
    and substance satisfactory to Krispy Kreme and its counsel,
    relating to the matters addressed in this clause (b) and
    clauses (c) and (d) below.

(c) 
Performance of Obligations of Montana
    Mills.
 Montana Mills will have performed in all material
    respects all obligations required to be performed by it under
    the merger agreement at or prior to the closing of the merger.

(d) 
No Material Adverse Change.

    Except as disclosed in Montana Mills Securities and
    Exchange Commission reports or in its December 2002 financial
    statements, at any time after October 31, 2002, there will
    not have occurred any material adverse change in the business,
    assets, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial
    or otherwise) or prospects of Montana Mills and its
    subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(e) 
Affiliate Letters.
 Krispy Kreme
    will have received from each affiliate of Montana Mills a
    written affiliate agreement.

(f) 
Tax Opinion.
 Krispy Kreme will
    have received an opinion of Cahill Gordon & Reindel, counsel
    to Krispy Kreme, dated on or about the closing date, based upon
    such representations and assumptions as such counsel may
    reasonably deem relevant, to the effect that the merger will be
    treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
    qualifying under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the
    Code; and that each of Krispy Kreme, Oliver Acquisition Corp.
    and Montana Mills will be a party to the reorganization within
    the meaning of section 368(b) of the Code; and that no gain
    or loss will be recognized by a stockholder of Montana Mills on
    the exchange of Montana Mills shares for the merger
    consideration pursuant to the merger, except with respect to any
    cash received in lieu of a fractional share.

Additional Conditions to Obligations of
Montana Mills.
 The obligation of
Montana Mills to effect the merger is subject to the
satisfaction of each of the following additional conditions, any
of which may be waived in writing exclusively by Montana Mills:

(a) 
Representations and Warranties.

    The representations and warranties of Krispy Kreme included in
    the merger agreement to the extent qualified as to a material
    adverse effect will be true and correct in all respects, and to
    the extent the representations are not qualified as to a
    material adverse effect will have been true and correct in all
    material respects, as of the date of the merger agreement and at
    and as of the effective time of the merger, as if made at and as
    of that time except to the extent expressly made as of an
    earlier date, in which case on that date. Krispy Kreme will have
    delivered to Montana Mills an officers certificate, in
    form and substance satisfactory to Montana Mills and its
    counsel, relating to the matters addressed in this
    clause (a) and clauses (b) and (c) below.

(b)
 Performance of Obligations of Krispy
    Kreme.
 Krispy Kreme and Oliver Acquisition Corp. will have
    performed in all material respects all obligations required to
    be performed by them under the merger agreement at or prior to
    the closing of the merger.

(c) 
No Material Adverse Change.

    Except as disclosed in Krispy Kremes current Securities
    and Exchange Commission reports, at any time after
    February 3, 2002, there will not have occurred any material
    adverse change in the business, assets, liabilities, results of
    operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of
    Krispy Kreme and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(d) 
Tax Opinion.
 Montana Mills will
    have received an opinion from Harter, Secrest & Emery LLP,
    counsel to Montana Mills, on or about the closing date, based
    upon such representations and assumptions as such counsel may
    reasonably deem relevant, to the effect that the merger will be
    treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
    qualifying under section 368(a) of the Code and that each
    of Krispy Kreme, Oliver Acquisition Corp. and Montana Mills will
    be a party to the reorganization within the meaning of
    section 368(b) of the Code; and that no gain or loss will be



recognized by a stockholder of Montana Mills on
    the exchange of Montana Mills shares for the merger
    consideration pursuant to the merger, except with respect to any
    cash received in lieu of a fractional share.

(e) 
Warrant Agreement.
 Continental
    Stock & Trust Company shall have received the written
    consent of Krispy Kreme relating to the assumption by Krispy
    Kreme of Montana Mills obligations and duties under the
    warrant agreement relating to the warrants issued to the public
    in connection with its initial public offering.

Termination

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the effective time of the merger:

(a) by mutual written consent of Krispy
    Kreme and Montana Mills;

(b) by either Krispy Kreme or Montana Mills
    if the merger has not been consummated by June 30, 2003;

    provided, however,
 the right to terminate the merger
    agreement under this clause (b) will not be available to
    any party whose breach of any obligation under the merger
    agreement resulted in the failure of the merger to occur on or
    before that date;

(c) by either Krispy Kreme or Montana Mills,
    if any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
    regulation entered, enacted, promulgated, enforced or issued by
    any court or other governmental entity of competent jurisdiction
    or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the
    consummation of the merger shall be in effect which shall have
    become final and nonappealable;

(d) by Krispy Kreme, if the average of the
    last reported sale prices of Krispy Kreme common stock as
    reported on the New York Stock Exchange for the five trading day
    period ending three trading days prior to the closing of the
    merger (the Average Closing Price) exceeds $39.15
    per share; provided, in the event Krispy Kreme notifies Montana
    Mills of its election to terminate the merger agreement as
    contemplated by this clause (d), the merger agreement will not
    be terminated if Montana Mills agrees in writing within five
    business days to recompute the exchange ratio by dividing $5.88
    by the Average Closing Price;

(e) by Krispy Kreme, if Montana Mills shall
    have breached or failed to perform in any material respect any
    of its representations, warranties, covenants or other
    agreements contained in the merger agreement, which breach is
    not cured within 15 business days after receipt by Montana Mills
    of a written notice of such breach from Krispy Kreme specifying
    the breach and requesting that it be cured;

(f) by Montana Mills, if the Average Closing
    Price is less than $28.93 per share;
 provided,
 in the
    event Montana Mills notifies Krispy Kreme of its election to
    terminate the merger agreement as contemplated by this clause
    (f), the merger agreement will not be terminated if Krispy Kreme
    agrees in writing within five business days to recompute the
    exchange ratio by dividing $4.34 by the Average Closing Price;
    and

(g) by Montana Mills, if Krispy Kreme shall
    have breached or failed to perform in any material respect any
    of its representations, warranties, covenants or other
    agreements contained in the merger agreement, which breach is
    not cured within 15 business days after receipt by Krispy Kreme
    of a written notice of such breach from Montana Mills specifying
    the breach and requesting that it be cured.

Montana Mills and Krispy Kreme will each bear
their respective expenses incurred in connection with the
merger, including, without limitation, the customary fees and
expenses of investment bankers, counsel and accountants. If the
merger is consummated, neither Krispy Kreme nor Montana Mills
shall be obligated to pay for any legal fees of Montana Mills in
excess of $275,000 or any investment banking fees of Kirlin
Securities, Inc. in excess of $200,000.



COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

A summary comparison of material differences
between the rights of a Krispy Kreme shareholder under Krispy
Kremes articles of incorporation and bylaws (left column)
and the rights of a Montana Mills stockholder under Montana
Mills current certificate of incorporation and bylaws
(right column) is shown below. These summaries are not complete.
We encourage shareholders to refer to the relevant portions of
Krispy Kremes articles of incorporation and bylaws, and
Montana Mills current certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, included as exhibits to the Registration Statement of
which this information statement/prospectus forms a part, and
the relevant provisions of North Carolina and Delaware law,
respectively.

Krispy Kreme

Montana Mills

General

 Krispy Kreme is a North Carolina
    corporation subject to the provisions of the North Carolina
    Business Corporation Act.

 Montana Mills is a Delaware
    corporation subject to the provisions of the General Corporation
    Law of the State of Delaware.

 The rights of Krispy Kreme
    shareholders are governed by Krispy Kremes articles of
    incorporation and bylaws, in addition to North Carolina law.

 The rights of Montana Mills
    stockholders are governed by Montana Mills certificate of
    incorporation and bylaws, in addition to Delaware law.

 Montana Mills stockholders will, upon
    consummation of the merger, be entitled to become Krispy Kreme
    shareholders.

Authorized Capital

 The authorized capital stock of
    Krispy Kreme consists of:

 The authorized capital stock of
    Montana Mills consists of:

 300 million shares of common
    stock, no par value; and

 15,000,000 shares of
    common stock, par value $.001 per share; and

 ten million shares of preferred
    stock, no par value, three million shares of which are
    designated as Series A Participating Cumulative
    Preferred Stock.

 687,500 issuable shares
    of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share, of which no
    shares are outstanding.

Amendment of Articles/Certificate of
    Incorporation

 Krispy Kremes articles of
    incorporation and by-laws are silent as to amendment of the
    articles of incorporation. Under North Carolina law, amendment
    of the articles of incorporation requires: (1) notification
    to all shareholders setting forth the proposed amendment;
    followed by (2) a vote of the majority of all outstanding
    voting shares.

 Montana Mills certificate of
    incorporation and bylaws are silent as to amendment of the
    certificate of incorporation. Under Delaware law, amendment of
    the certificate of incorporation requires: (1) an
    authorization by the board; followed by (2) a vote of the
    majority of all outstanding voting shares and a majority of all
    outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon as a class.

Directors

Number

 The Krispy Kreme bylaws provide that
    the number of directors shall be not more than 15 nor less than
    nine, with the actual number to be determined by

 The Montana Mills bylaws provide that
    the number of directors shall be no less than one and no more
    than ten, with the actual number to be



Krispy Kreme

Montana Mills

the board of directors.

determined prior to the election of directors at
    the annual meeting of stockholders.

 The current number of directors is 11.

 The current number of directors is
    four.

Classification

 The Krispy Kreme bylaws provide that
    the board of directors is divided into three classes, each as
    nearly equal in number as possible, with one class being elected
    annually to a three-year term.

 The Montana Mills bylaws provide that
    each member of the Montana Mills board of directors is elected
    at the annual meeting of stockholders.

Removal

 The Krispy Kreme bylaws provide that
    directors may be removed from office only with cause by a vote
    of shareholders holding 66 2/3% of the outstanding shares
    entitled to vote at an election of directors. If any directors
    are so removed, new directors may be elected at the same meeting.

 The Montana Mills bylaws provide that
    directors may be removed either with or without cause by a
    majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of
    directors.

Vacancies

 The Krispy Kreme bylaws provide that
    a vacancy occurring in the board of directors may be filled by a
    majority of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum,
    or by the sole remaining director; but a vacancy created by an
    increase in the authorized number of directors outside of the
    range specified in the bylaws shall be filled by election at an
    annual meeting or special meeting of shareholders called for
    that purpose. The shareholders may elect a director at any time
    to fill any vacancy not filled by the directors.

 The Montana Mills bylaws provide that
    a vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by vote of the
    Montana Mills board of directors. If, however, the number of
    directors is less than a quorum, vacancies may be filled by vote
    of a majority of the directors then in office.

Limitation On Liability

 The Krispy Kreme articles of
    incorporation limit the liability of directors to the fullest
    extent permitted by North Carolina law.

     According to the North Carolina Business Corporation
    Act, a provision limiting or eliminating the personal liability
    of any director arising out of an action whether by or in the
    right of the corporation or otherwise for monetary damages for
    breach of any duty as a director shall not be effective with
    respect to (i) acts or omissions that the director at the
    time of such breach knew or believed were clearly in conflict
    with the best interests of the corporation, (ii) any
    liability under Chapter 55-8-33 of the North Carolina Business
    Corporation Act governing unlawful distributions, (iii) any
    transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
    benefit, or (iv) acts or omissions occurring prior to the
    date the provisions of the statute became effective.

 The Montana Mills certificate of
    incorporation limits the liability of its directors to the
    corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for a
    breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent
    permitted from time to time by Delaware law, except for
    liability of the director (i) for any breach of the
    directors duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its
    stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith
    or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation
    of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation
    Law of the State of Delaware, relating to the payment of
    unlawful dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions,
    or (iv) for any further transaction from which the director
    derived an improper personal benefit.



Krispy Kreme

Montana Mills

Indemnification

 The Krispy Kreme bylaws provide that
    the corporation shall indemnify its officers, directors,
    employees and agents for any liability and expenses incurred in
    their official capacity to the fullest extent permissible from
    time to time under North Carolina law.

 The Montana Mills certificate of
    incorporation and bylaws provide that the corporation shall
    indemnify its officers, directors, employees, and agents, for
    any liability and expenses incurred in their official capacity
    to the fullest extent permissible from time to time under
    Delaware Law.

 North Carolina law provides that
    unless the director or officer was adjudged liable to the
    corporation or a personal benefit was improperly received by him
    or her, a corporation may indemnify a director or an officer
    made a party to a proceeding because he or she is or was a
    director or officer against liability incurred in the proceeding
    if: (1) he or she conducted himself or herself in good
    faith; and (2) he or she reasonably believed (i) in
    the case of conduct in his or her official capacity with the
    corporation, that his or her conduct was in its best interests;
    and (ii) in all other cases, that his or her conduct was at
    least not opposed to its best interests; and (3) in the
    case of any criminal proceeding, he or she had no reasonable
    cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.

 Delaware law provides that a
    corporation may indemnify a director or officer made, or
    threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or
    completed action other than a derivative action, whether civil
    or criminal, against expenses (including attorneys fees),
    judgments, fines, amounts paid in settlement actually and
    reasonably incurred as a result of such action, if such director
    or officer acted, in good faith, for a purpose which he or she
    reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best
    interests of the corporation and, in criminal actions or
    proceedings, in addition, had no reasonable cause to believe
    that his or her conduct was unlawful.

 Delaware law provides that a
    corporation may indemnify a director or officer, made or
    threatened to be made a party in a derivative action, against
    expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and
    reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the
    defense or settlement of such action, if such director or
    officer acted in good faith, and in a manner such person
    reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best
    interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification
    will be made in respect of any claim as to which such director
    or officer shall have been adjudged liable to the corporation,
    unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the
    court in which the action was brought determines, upon
    application, that, in view of all the circumstances of the case,
    the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to
    indemnity for such expenses as the Court of Chancery or such
    other court deems proper.

Special Meetings Of Shareholders

 The Krispy Kreme bylaws provide that
    special meetings of the shareholders may be called at any time
    by:
   the
    President;
   the Secretary; or

 The Montana Mills bylaws provide that
    a special meetings of stockholders for any purpose may be called
    at any time by:
   the Chief Executive
    Officer;
   request of a majority of
    Montana Mills board of



Krispy Kreme

Montana Mills

   the board of directors.

directors; or
   Montana
    Mills Secretary upon the written request of the holders of
    not less than 25% of the shares of stock outstanding entitled to
    vote.

Shareholder Action Without Meeting

 The Krispy Kreme bylaws provide that
    any action which may be taken at a meeting of the shareholders
    may be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting
    forth the action so taken, shall be signed by all of the persons
    who would be entitled to vote upon such action at a meeting, and
    filed with the Secretary of the corporation to be kept in the
    corporate minute book.

 The Montana Mills bylaws provide that
    any action required or permitted to be voted on may be consented
    to in writing without a meeting so long as such written consent
    sets forth the action so taken and is signed by the holders of
    outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon having not less than
    the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize
    or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to
    vote thereon were present and voted.

Shareholder Rights Plan

 Krispy Kreme has adopted a
    shareholder rights plan which is described in this information
    statement/prospectus under Description of Krispy Kreme
    Capital Stock  Shareholder Rights Plan.

 Montana Mills currently has no
    stockholders rights plan.



LEGAL MATTERS

Kilpatrick Stockton LLP, North Carolina counsel
to Krispy Kreme, will pass on the validity of the Krispy Kreme
common shares to be issued to Montana Mills stockholders in
connection with the merger. It is a condition to the
consummation of the merger that Montana Mills receive an opinion
from Harter, Secrest & Emery LLP, counsel to Montana
Mills, and that Krispy Kreme receive an opinion from Cahill
Gordon & Reindel, counsel to Krispy Kreme, to the effect
that, among other things, the merger will be a reorganization
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The conditions for
consummation of the merger are described under the heading
Principal Provisions of the Merger Agreement 
Conditions to the Merger and details of the tax opinion
are described under the heading The Merger 
Material Federal Income Tax Consequences.

EXPERTS

The consolidated financial statements of Krispy
Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. and its subsidiaries incorporated by
reference in this information statement/prospectus by reference
to the Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended February 3, 2002, have been so
incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, independent accountants, given on the authority of said
firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

The consolidated financial statements of Montana
Mills Bread Co., Inc. and its subsidiaries as of
January 30, 2002 and January 31, 2001 and for the year
ended January 30, 2002 and for the eleven-month period
ended January 31, 2001 included in this information
statement/prospectus have been so included in reliance on the
report (which includes an additional paragraph relating to the
restated financial statements as discussed in Note 14 to the
financial statements) of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
independent accountants, given on the authority of said firm as
experts in auditing and accounting.



WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Krispy Kreme files annual, quarterly and special
reports, proxy statements and other information with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. You can receive copies of
such reports, proxy and information statements, and other
information, at prescribed rates, from the Commission by
addressing written requests to the Public Reference Section of
the Commission at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Judiciary Plaza,
Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference
rooms. The Commission also maintains a web site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding registrants such as Krispy Kreme that file
electronically with the Commission. The address of the
Commissions web site is http://www.sec.gov.

This information statement/prospectus is part of
a registration statement on Form S-4 that Krispy Kreme
filed with the Commission to register with the Commission the
Krispy Kreme common stock to be issued to Montana Mills
stockholders in connection with the merger. This information
statement/prospectus does not include all of the information
contained in the registration statement. You can inspect or copy
the registration statement, at prescribed rates, at the
Commissions public reference facilities at the address
listed above.

The Commission allows Krispy Kreme to
incorporate by reference information into this
information statement/prospectus, which means that Krispy Kreme
can disclose important information to you by referring you to
those documents filed separately with the Commission. The
information incorporated by reference is considered part of this
information statement/prospectus, and information that Krispy
Kreme files later with the Commission will automatically update
and supersede this information.

This information statement/prospectus
incorporates by reference the documents listed below that Krispy
Kreme previously filed with the Commission. Krispy Kremes
Commission file number is 001-16485. These documents contain
important information about Krispy Kreme and its finances:

Krispy Kremes Securities and Exchange Commission Filings

Period

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Fiscal year ended February 3, 2002

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q

Quarters ended May 5, 2002, August 4,
    2002 and November 3, 2002

Current Reports on Form 8-K

Filed with the Commission on April 5, 2002,
    August 29, 2002, January 24, 2003, January 30,
    2003 and February 10, 2003

Definitive Proxy Statement

Filed with the Commission on April 25, 2002

Krispy Kreme also incorporates by reference
additional documents that it may file with the Commission
between the date of the initial filing of the registration
statement of which this information statement/prospectus is a
part and the completion of the merger. These additional
documents include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current
Reports on Form 8-K, as well as proxy statements. Upon
request, Krispy Kreme will provide without charge to each person
to whom a prospectus is delivered, including any beneficial
owner, a copy of any or all of the information that has been
incorporated by reference in this information
statement/prospectus. If you would like to obtain this
information from Krispy Kreme, please direct your request,
either in writing or by telephone, to the Chief Financial
Officer, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc., 370 Knollwood
Street, Suite 500, Winston-Salem, North
Carolina 27103, telephone number (336)725-2981.



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC.

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Page

Unaudited Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheet

    as of October 30, 2002

F-2

Consolidated Statements of Operations

    For the 13 and 39 week periods ended October 31, 2001,
    and October 30, 2002

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common
    Stockholders Equity (Deficit)

    For the period January 30, 2002 through October 30,

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

    For the 13 and 39 week periods ended October 31, 2001
    and October 30, 2002

F-5

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-6

Audited Financial Statements

Report of Independent Accountants

F-11

Consolidated Balance Sheets

    as of January 31, 2001 and January 30, 2002

F-12

Consolidated Statements of Operations

    For the period February 28, 2000 through January 31, 2001 and
    for the Year Ended January 30, 2002

F-13

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common
    Stockholders Equity (Deficit)

    For the period February 28, 2000 through January 31, 2001 and
    for the Year Ended January 30, 2002

F-14

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

    For the period February 28, 2000 through January 31, 2001 and
    for the Year Ended January 30, 2002

F-15

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-16

All other schedules are omitted because they are
not applicable or the required information is shown in the
financial statements or notes thereto.

F-1



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

(UNAUDITED)

October 30, 2002

(Unaudited)

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

272,881

Short-term investments

7,744,038

Inventory

386,852

Income tax receivable

286,971

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

578,240

Total current assets

9,268,982

Property and equipment, net

6,606,090

Deposits and other assets

200,620

Total assets

$

16,075,692

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
    (DEFICIT)

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

$

1,148,704

Payroll and related expenses

116,835

Deferred revenue

30,376

Other current liabilities

28,323

Current portion of long-term debt

30,379

Total current liabilities

1,354,617

Subordinated convertible debentures

2,000,000

Long-term debt, net of current portion

21,227

Other long-term liabilities

66,662

Deferred tax liability

43,406

Total liabilities

3,485,912

Common stockholders equity (deficit):

Common stock, ($.001 par value; 15,000,000 shares
    authorized, 8,107,835 issued and outstanding as of
    October 30, 2002)

8,108

Additional paid-in capital

16,047,783

Accumulated deficit

(3,466,111

)

Total common stockholders equity (deficit)

12,589,780

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

$

16,075,692

The accompanying condensed notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-2



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS

(UNAUDITED)

For the Thirteen Weeks Ended

For the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended

October 30,

October 31,

October 30,

October 31,

Sales

$

2,798,283

$

2,660,733

$

8,649,005

$

6,749,955

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and
    amortization)

1,601,339

1,365,649

4,738,493

3,396,312

Gross profit

1,196,944

1,295,084

3,910,512

3,353,643

Selling, general and administrative expenses

1,639,904

1,231,345

4,656,970

3,347,002

Pre-opening and grand-opening expenses

202,624

409,504

433,305

782,366

Depreciation and amortization

182,011

128,237

501,231

333,402

Loss from operations

(827,595

)

(474,002

)

(1,680,994

)

(1,109,127

)

Interest income

38,224

25,941

54,960

145,805

Financing costs

(40,750

)

(190,180

)

(365,395

)

(570,809

)

Loss before income taxes and extraordinary item

(830,121

)

(638,241

)

(1,991,429

)

(1,534,131

)

Income tax expense (benefit)

891,126

(249,700

)

436,986

(599,450

)

Loss before extraordinary item

(1,721,247

)

(388,541

)

(2,428,415

)

(934,681

)

Extraordinary item-loss on early extinguishment
    of debt (net of income tax benefit of $84,000)





131,293



Net loss

$

(1,721,247

)

$

(388,541

)

$

(2,559,708

)

$

(934,681

)

Series A convertible preferred stock
    dividends



(75,000

)

(125,000

)

(225,000

)

Net loss before extraordinary item applicable to
    common stockholders

$

(1,721,247

)

$

(463,541

)

$

(2,553,415

)

$

(1,159,681

)

Basic and diluted loss before extraordinary item
    per common share applicable to common stockholders

$

(.21

)

$

(.09

)

$

(.40

)

$

(.23

)

Net loss applicable to common stockholders

$

(1,721,247

)

$

(463,541

)

$

(2,684,708

)

$

(1,159,681

)

Basic and diluted loss per common share
    applicable to common stockholders

$

(.21

)

$

(.09

)

$

(.42

)

$

(.23

)

Weighted average outstanding common shares

8,107,835

5,000,000

6,391,796

5,000,000

The accompanying condensed notes are integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-3



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT)

(Unaudited)

Common Stock

Additional

Paid-in

Accumulated

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Total

Balance at January 30, 2002

5,000,000

$

5,000

$



$

(831,403

)

$

(826,403

)

Net loss for the thirteen weeks ended May 1,







(227,433

)

(227,433

)

Series A convertible preferred stock
    dividends







(75,000

)

(75,000

)

Balance at May 1, 2002

5,000,000

5,000



(1,133,836

)

(1,128,836

)

Contributions and retirement of common stock to
    capital by Eugene and Susan ODonovan

(582,011

)

(582

)





Conversion of subordinated convertible debentures
    to common stock

907,700

4,264,618



4,265,526

Cephas Capital Partners, L.P. modification of debt

15,000

74,985



75,000

Conversion of series A convertible preferred
    stock into common stock

489,696

2,499,511



2,500,000

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock and
    warrants

2,269,950

2,270

8,471,731



8,474,001

Issuance of underwriter purchase option





794,451



794,451

Issuance of common stock to consultant

7,500

37,492



37,500

Issuance of warrants to consultant





71,870



71,870

Net loss for the thirteen weeks ended
    July 31, 2002







(611,028

)

(611,028

)

Series A convertible preferred stock
    dividends





(50,000

)



(50,000

)

Balance at July 31, 2002

8,107,835

8,108

16,165,240

(1,744,864

)

14,428,484

Net loss for the thirteen weeks ended
    October 30, 2002







(1,721,247

)

(1,721,247

)

Additional costs of issuance of common stocks and
    warrants





(117,457

)



(117,457

)

Balance at October 30, 2002

8,107,835

$

8,108

$

16,047,783

$

(3,466,111

)

$

12,589,780

The accompanying condensed notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-4



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC AND
SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS

(UNAUDITED)

For the

Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended

October 30,

October 31,

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net loss

$

(2,559,708

)

$

(934,681

)

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
    used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization

501,231

333,402

Amortization of bond issuance costs

54,139

97,450

Deferred income taxes

356,406

(482,700

)

Consulting agreement stock issuance

37,500



Consulting agreement warrant issuance

71,870



Extraordinary item

195,293



(Increase) decrease in operating
    assets 

Inventory

14,574

(101,322

)

Income tax receivable

27,684

(1,019

)

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

(151,985

)

(560,204

)

Deposits and other assets

(19,138

)

(116,920

)

(Decrease) increase in operating
    liabilities 

Accounts payable

303,718

393,020

Payroll and related expenses

(10,510

)

(12,703

)

Other liabilities

(83,479

)

(119,525

)

Total adjustments

1,297,303

(570,521

)

Net cash used in operating activities

(1,262,405

)

(1,505,202

)

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Purchase of short-term investments

(8,048,348

)

(2,010,559

)

Sale of short-term investments

822,566

1,200,000

Purchase of property and equipment

(486,175

)

(3,168,659

)

Net cash used in investing activities

(7,711,957

)

(3,979,318

)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Gross proceeds from issuance of common stock and
    redeemable common stock purchase warrants

11,463,248



Offering costs

(2,312,252

)



Series A convertible preferred stock
    dividends

(125,000

)

(225,000

)

Repayment of debt

(26,996

)

(26,536

)

Net cash provided by (used in) financing
    activities

8,999,000

(251,536

)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
    equivalents

24,638

(5,736,056

)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

248,243

5,805,564

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$

272,881

$

69,508

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION

Cash paid during the period for:

Interest

$

311,257

$

473,359

Income taxes

$

14,352

$

Non-cash investing and financing activities:

Offering costs included in accounts payable

$

389,996

$



Issuance of underwriters purchase option

$

794,451

$



Conversion of Series A convertible preferred
    stock into common stock

$

2,500,000

Conversion of subordinated convertible debentures
    to common stock

$

4,265,526

The accompanying condensed notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-5



NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)

Note 1  Basis of
Presentation

The accompanying unaudited, consolidated
financial statements of Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc. and its
subsidiaries (the Company) have been prepared in
accordance with instructions to Form 10-QSB and, therefore
do not include all information and footnotes normally included
in financial statements prepared in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
They should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
of the Company for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2002,
included in the Companys Registration Statement on
Form SB-2 filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, in connection with the Companys initial public
stock offering which became effective on June 27, 2002.

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements include all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring adjustments and accruals) that management considers
necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and
results of operations for the interim periods. Interim results
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for the entire year.

Note 2  Grand Opening and
Pre-Opening Expenses

The Company accounts for pre-opening,
grand-opening, and franchise operation start up expenses
representing, payroll, training, advertising, and consulting
costs in accordance with Statement of Position (SOP)
98-5, Reporting the Costs of Start-up Activities,
which requires that pre-opening and grand-opening costs be
expensed as incurred.

Note 3  Income Taxes

The Company recorded a $1,180,406 charge to
establish a valuation allowance for its net deferred tax asset
in October 2002. The valuation allowance was calculated in
accordance with the provisions of FAS 109 which places
primary importance on the Companys most recent operating
results when assessing the need for a valuation allowance.
Although management believes the Companys results for the
recent operating periods were heavily affected by deliberate and
planned investments in its growth strategy, the Companys
cumulative loss, including the net loss reported in the quarter
ended October 30, 2002, represented negative evidence sufficient
to require a full valuation allowance under FAS 109. The
Company intends to maintain a full valuation allowance for its
net deferred tax asset until such time it is determined that its
deferred tax assets are realizable, and that a valuation
allowance is no longer necessary.

Note 4  Adoption of SFAS

Effective January 31, 2002, the Company
adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142
(SFAS 142), Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets, which establishes new accounting and reporting
standards that require ratable amortization of goodwill and
other intangibles be replaced with periodic tests of the
goodwills impairment and that intangible assets with other
than indefinite lives be amortized over their useful lives. The
Companys adoption of SFAS 142 did not have a material
impact on the results of its operations. Unamortized intangible
assets consist of trademarks and goodwill totaling $133,560 at
October 30, 2002.

F-6



NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)  (Continued)

Note 5  Inventory

Inventories are comprised of the following:

October 30, 2002

January 30,

(Unaudited)

Ingredients

$

251,508

$

243,631

Retail products

102,787

132,232

Paper products

32,557

25,563

$

386,852

$

401,426

Note 6  Earnings Per
Share

Basic earnings per common share are computed by
dividing net earnings available to common stockholders by the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding. For the
thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 30, 2001, the
Companys calculation of diluted earnings per share does
not include the effect of unexercised stock options and
warrants, or the conversion of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock or the Companys convertible debt
representing 1,281,912 potential shares of common stock, since
the effect would be anti-dilutive. For the thirteen and
thirty-nine weeks ended October 31, 2002, the
Companys calculation of diluted earnings per share does
not include the effect of unexercised stock options, warrants
and the 2,269,950 Redeemable Common Stock Purchase Warrants
issued in the Companys initial public offering
representing a combined total of 3,571,512 potential shares of
Common Stock, since the overall effect would be anti-dilutive
given the Companys loss position.

The following table sets forth the computation of
basic and diluted earnings per share:

For the Thirteen Weeks Ended

For the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended

October 30,

October 31,

October 30,

October 31,

(Unaudited)

(Unaudited)

(Unaudited)

(Unaudited)

Net loss before extraordinary item

$

(1,721,247

)

$

(388,541

)

$

(2,428,415

)

$

(934,681

)

Series A convertible preferred stock
    dividends



(75,000

)

(125,000

)

(225,000

)

Net loss before extraordinary item applicable to
    common stockholders

$

(1,721,247

)

$

(463,541

)

$

(2,553,415

)

$

(1,159,681

)

Basic and diluted loss before extraordinary item
    per common share applicable to common stockholders

$

(.21

)

$

(.09

)

$

(.40

)

$

(.23

)

Net loss

$

(1,721,247

)

$

(388,541

)

$

(2,559,708

)

$

(934,681

)

Series A convertible preferred stock
    dividends



(75,000

)

(125,000

)

(225,000

)

Net loss applicable to common stockholders

$

(1,721,247

)

$

(463,541

)

$

(2,684,708

)

$

(1,159,681

)

Basic and diluted loss per common share
    applicable to common stockholders

$

(.21

)

$

(.09

)

$

(.42

)

$

(.23

)

Weighted average outstanding common shares

8,107,835

5,000,000

6,391,796

5,000,000

F-7



NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)  (Continued)

Note 7  Common Stock, Preferred
Stock and Common Stock Warrants

Contribution of Shares.

On June 27, 2002, the effective date of the
Companys initial public offering, Eugene ODonovan
and Susan ODonovan, the Companys President and Chief
Executive Officer and Executive Vice President, respectively,
contributed an aggregate of 582,011 shares of Common Stock owned
by them to the Companys capital. Mr. and
Mrs. ODonovan made this capital contribution without
receiving any payment for their shares in response to a request
by the Companys underwriter in its initial public offering
to limit the number of shares of the Companys Common Stock
outstanding on a fully diluted basis.

Issue of Common Stock and Redeemable Common
    Stock Purchase Warrants in connection with the Companys
    Initial Public Offering.

The Companys initial public offering was
declared effective on June 27, 2002 and closed on
July 3, 2002. In connection with the initial public
offering, the Company issued 2,269,950 shares of Common Stock
and 2,269,950 Redeemable Common Stock Purchase Warrants. This
included the exercise by the Companys underwriter of
269,950 shares of Common Stock and 269,950 Redeemable Common
Stock Purchase Warrants to cover over-allotments. The initial
public offering price per share of Common Stock was $5.00 and
the Redeemable Common Stock Purchase Warrants were offered at
$.05 per purchase warrant.

Each Redeemable Common Stock Purchase Warrant
entitles the purchaser to purchase one share of the
Companys Common Stock for $7.58 beginning June 27,
2002 and ending June 27, 2007. The Company may redeem the
Redeemable Common Stock Purchase Warrants, with the
Companys underwriters prior consent, at any time
after they become exercisable, for $.01 per purchase warrant, on
not less than 30 days prior written notice if the last
sale price of the Companys Common Stock has been at least
$15.16 for the 20 consecutive trading days ending on the third
day prior to the date on which notice was given.

Conversion of Series A Convertible
    Preferred Stock.

Through July 2, 2002, the Company was
authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of $.001 par value
preferred stock. There were 312,500 shares of Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding for a total
consideration of $2,500,000 through June 2, 2002. On
July 3, 2002, the Company converted all 312,500 outstanding
shares of its outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock into 489,696 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms
of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.

Subject to the provisions of the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation and to the limitations prescribed
by law, the Companys Board of Directors has the authority,
without further action by stockholders, to issue up to 687,500
shares of authorized but unissued Preferred Stock in one or more
series. The Companys Board of Directors has the power and
authority to fix the rights, designations, preferences,
privileges, qualifications and restrictions of the authorized
but unissued Preferred Stock, including dividend rights,
conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption,
liquidation preferences and sinking fund terms, any or all of
which may be greater than the rights of the Companys
Common Stock. The Company has no present plans to issue any
additional shares of Preferred Stock and has agreed not to issue
any shares of Preferred Stock for one year after June 27,
2002 without the prior written consent of the Companys
initial public offering underwriter. The issuance by the Company
of shares of Preferred Stock may discourage or delay bids for
the Companys Common Stock or may otherwise affect the
market price of the Companys Common Stock.

F-8



NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)  (Continued)

Conversion of Subordinated Convertible
    Debentures.

In fiscal 2001, the Company issued $4,538,500 in
principal face value of five-year Subordinated Convertible
Debentures bearing interest at an average rate of 8.5%.
Financing costs, which included 98,062 Warrants for the purchase
of Common Stock at $7.50 per share, were issued to the selling
agent that assisted the Company in privately placing the
Subordinated Convertible Debentures. Commissions and legal fees
incurred in connection with such private placement amounted to
$648,662 and were amortized over five years using the effective
interest rate method. On June 27, 2002, the effective date
of the Companys initial public offering, all of the
Companys outstanding Subordinated Convertible Debentures
were converted into 907,700 shares of the Companys Common
Stock. Accrued interest totaling $156,277 was paid prior to such
conversion.

Note 8  Extraordinary
Item

On July 3, 2002 Cephas Capital Partners,
L.P. was issued 15,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock
and was paid $20,000 in conjunction with the modification of a
Convertible Promissory Note made by the Company in its favor in
2000. Such modification, among other things, lowered the annual
interest rate from 12% to 8%. The effect of this modification
was a one time nonrecurring charge of $215,293. Such charge
included the $20,000 payment, $75,000 for the fair market value
of 15,000 shares of common stock at $5.00 per share and the
write-off of $120,293 of unamortized financing costs associated
with the initial issuance of the Convertible Promissory Note.

Note 9  Consulting
Agreements

In connection with the Companys initial
public offering, the Companys underwriter was engaged as
its financial consultant for a period of two years beginning
June 27, 2002. The consulting agreement requires an annual
fee of $50,000, of which payment for the first year was paid at
the closing of the Companys initial public offering.
Additionally, if within five years from June 27, 2002, the
Company completes a merger, acquisition, joint venture or other
transaction with a party that such underwriter introduces to the
Company, such underwriter will receive a finders fee equal
to 5% of the consideration paid in connection with such
transaction.

In connection with its initial public offering,
the Company also hired an investor relations firm. The terms of
the agreement between the Company and such firm is for eighteen
months and calls for monthly payments of $4,000 beginning July
2002. The agreement, unless terminated in writing, automatically
renews for an additional twelve months. The agreement also
includes the payment to such firm of 7,500 shares of restricted
Common Stock and an additional 7,500 shares of Common Stock will
be deemed issued but subject to vesting in equal monthly
increments over the 12-month period beginning in month six of
the agreement. In addition, the consultant received 50,000
Warrants to purchase shares of the Companys Common Stock
at a price of $10.00 per share and 50,000 Warrants to purchase
shares of the Companys Common Stock at a price of $15.00
per share. In the event the agreement is terminated in the first
six months, the consultant will retain 50% of the Warrants
(25,000 at the $10.00 exercise price and 25,000 at the $15.00
exercise price) with the remaining Warrants reverting back to
the Company. If the agreement is terminated in months six
through eighteen, the consultant will receive a pro rata warrant
portion of such Warrants, based on the number of months the
agreement was in effect commencing in month six of the eighteen
month period. The agreement may be terminated at any time upon
30 business days notice after the first three-month
anniversary of the date of the agreement. In the event that the
agreement is terminated by either party prior to the end of the
eighteen month term, the consultant shall be entitled to
reimbursement of its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. As a
result of the non-forfeitable component of the Common Stock and
warrant component of this agreement, the Company incurred
non-cash expense of $109,370 during the 13 weeks ending
October 30, 2002.

F-9



NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)  (Continued)

Note 10  Recent Accounting
Pronouncements

In August 2001, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) 144, Accounting
for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets which
supersedes SFAS 121, Accounting for the Impairment of
Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed
of and the accounting and reporting provisions of APB 30,
Reporting the Results of Operations-Reporting the Effects
of Disposal of a Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary,
Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions
for the disposal of a segment of a business. SFAS 144 retains
many of the provisions of SFAS 121, but addresses certain
implementation issues associated with that Statement. The
Company adopted SFAS 144 on January 31, 2002 and the
adoption did not have a material impact on the Companys
financial condition or its results of operations.

In April 2002, FASB issued SFAS 145,
Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44 and 64,
Amendment of FASB Statement 13, and Technical Corrections.
The Company adopted the provisions of SFAS 145 in its
quarter-ended July 31, 2002. There was no impact on the
Companys financial statements as a result of the adoption
of SFAS 145.

In June 2002, FASB issued SFAS 146,
Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal
Activities which nullifies Emerging Issues Task Force
Issue 94-3. SFAS 146 requires that a liability for a cost
associated with an exit or disposal activity be recognized when
the liability is incurred. The provisions of SFAS 146 are
effective for exit and disposal activities after December 31,
2002. The Company believes the impact of the adoption of the
provisions of SFAS 146 will not have a material impact on the
Companys financial statements.

Note 11  Commitments and
Contingent Liabilities

The Company is obligated under noncancelable
operating leases for its administrative offices, bread stores
and mall kiosk. Generally, the Company is required to pay a
proportionate share of real estate taxes, insurance, common area
and other operating costs. Some bread store leases provide for
contingent rental (i.e., percentage rent) payments based on
sales in excess of specified amounts. Generally, the
Companys leases have initial terms of ten years and
contain provisions for renewal options of five to twenty-five
years.

The Company is subject to legal proceedings and
claims which arise in the normal course of business. In the
opinion of management, the ultimate liabilities with respect to
these potential actions will not have a material adverse effect
on the Companys financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows.

F-10



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and

Stockholders of Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc. and

Subsidiaries

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements listed under the caption Audited Financial
Statements in the index appearing on page F-1 present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc. and its Subsidiaries
(theCompany) at January 31, 2001 and
January 30, 2002, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for the eleven-month period February 28,
2000 through January 31, 2001 and for the year ended
January 30, 2002 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the
Companys management; our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We
conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America, which require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principals used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

As discussed in the first paragraph on Note 14,
the consolidated balance sheet and related consolidated
statements of operations, of changes in common
stockholders equity (deficit) and of cash flows as of
and for the eleven-month period ended January 31, 2001 have
been restated to record common stock warrants issued in
connection with the raising of debt. The effect of the
restatement was to increase common stockholders equity by
$82,000 at January 31, 2001 and reduce income by $12,000 for the
period ended January 31, 2001 with no effect on earnings
per share.

/s/ PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

Rochester, New York

March 21, 2002

F-11



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

January 31,

January 30,

(As restated)

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

5,805,564

$

248,243

Short-term investments



518,258

Inventory

221,303

401,426

Income tax receivable

184,825

314,655

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

184,992

426,255

Deferred income taxes

27,000

53,000

Total current assets

6,423,684

1,961,837

Property and equipment, net

3,495,005

6,621,146

Deferred income taxes



260,000

Deposits and other assets

75,025

181,482

Unamortized bond issue costs

577,338

447,405

Total assets

$

10,571,052

$

9,471,870

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
    (DEFICIT)

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

$

636,055

$

844,986

Payroll and related expenses

103,236

127,345

Accrued interest





Deferred revenue

93,030

101,191

Other current liabilities

37,764

64,648

Current portion of long-term debt

35,531

34,418

Dividends payable





Total current liabilities

905,616

1,172,588

Subordinated convertible debentures

6,538,500

6,538,500

Long-term debt, net of current portion

78,635

44,185

Other long-term liabilities



43,000

Deferred income taxes

117,000



Total liabilities

7,639,751

7,798,273

Commitments and contingencies

Series A convertible preferred stock, ($.001
    par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; 312,500 issued and
    outstanding as of January 31, 2001, and January 30,
    2002)

2,500,000

2,500,000

Common stockholders equity (deficit):

Common stock, ($.001 par value; 15,000,000 shares
    authorized; 5,000,000 issued and outstanding as of
    January 31, 2001 and January 30, 2002)

5,000

5,000

Additional paid-in capital

94,000



Retained earnings (accumulated deficit)

332,301

(831,403

)

Total common stockholders equity (deficit)

431,301

(826,403

)

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

$

10,571,052

$

9,471,870

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements.

F-12



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS

For the Period

February 28,

For the Year

2000 through

Ended

January 31,

January 30,

(As restated)

Sales

$

7,614,039

$

10,812,453

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and
    amortization)

3,498,069

5,386,722

Gross profit

4,115,970

5,425,731

Selling, general and administrative expenses

3,231,110

4,922,137

Pre-opening and grand-opening expenses

437,548

985,148

Depreciation and amortization

221,574

486,203

Income (loss) from operations

225,738

(967,757

)

Interest income

235,420

155,470

Financing costs

(418,808

)

(760,897

)

Income (loss) before income taxes

42,350

(1,573,184

)

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes

9,972

(615,480

)

Net income (loss)

$

32,378

$

(957,704

)

Net loss applicable to common stockholders

$

(242,622

)

$

(1,257,704

)

Basic and diluted loss per common share
    applicable to common stockholders

$

(.05

)

$

(.25

)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements.

F-13



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
COMMON

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT)

Retained

Common Stock

Earnings/

Paid-in

Accumulated

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Total

Balance, February 28, 2000

5,000,000

$

5,000

$



$

574,923

$

579,923

Net income







32,378

32,378

Series A convertible preferred stock
    dividends







(275,000

)

(275,000

)

Issuance of warrants in connection with
    subordinated convertible debentures





94,000



94,000

Balance, January 31, 2001 (as restated)

5,000,000

5,000

94,000

332,301

431,301

Net loss







(957,704

)

(957,704

)

Series A convertible preferred stock
    dividends





(94,000

)

(206,000

)

(300,000

)

Balance, January 30, 2002

5,000,000

$

5,000

$



$

(831,403

)

$

(826,403

)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements.

F-14



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS

For the Period

February 28,

For the Year

2000 through

Ended

January 31,

January 30,

(As restated)

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income (loss)

$

32,378

$

(957,704

)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net
    cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization

221,574

486,203

Amortization of bond issuance costs

71,324

129,933

Deferred income taxes

24,000

(403,000

)

(Increase) decrease in operating assets 

Inventory

(67,699

)

(180,123

)

Income tax receivable

21,071

(129,830

)

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

(83,059

)

(241,263

)

Deposits and other assets

(29,725

)

11,293

(Decrease) increase in operating
    liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

299,542

208,931

Payroll and related expenses

50,756

24,109

Other liabilities

58,775

78,045

Total adjustments

566,559

(15,702

)

Net cash provided by (used in) operating
    activities

598,937

(973,406

)

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchase of short-term investments



(2,018,258

)

Sale of short-term investments



1,500,000

Purchase of property and equipment

(1,974,776

)

(3,610,838

)

Purchase of trademarks



(119,256

)

Net cash used in investing activities

(1,974,776

)

(4,248,352

)

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net proceeds from issuance of subordinated
    convertible debentures

6,538,500



Payment of bond issue costs

(554,662

)



Series A convertible preferred stock
    dividends

(275,000

)

(300,000

)

Repayment of debt

(26,095

)

(35,563

)

Net cash provided by (used in) financing
    activities

5,682,743

(335,563

)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
    equivalents

4,306,904

(5,557,321

)

Cash and cash equivalents  beginning
    of period

1,498,660

5,805,564

Cash and cash equivalents  end of
    period

$

5,805,564

$

248,243

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW
    INFORMATION

Cash paid during the period for:

Interest

$

347,484

$

630,964

Income taxes

$

15,000

$

2,470

Non-cash investing and financing activities:

Debt issued for purchase of vehicles

$

97,836

$



Offering costs included in accounts payable





The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements.

F-15



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Period February 28, 2000 through
January 31, 2001 and

Year Ended January 30, 2002

1.     Summary of
Operations

Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc. (the
Company) owns and operates upscale specialty bread
stores located in Connecticut, New York, Ohio, and Pennsylvania.

2.     Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and all of its
wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts
and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.

Fiscal Year

In 2001, the Company changed its fiscal year end
to the Wednesday closest to January 31 from the Sunday
closest to February 28. The Companys fiscal year is
based on a 52/53-week year. The statements of operations and of
cash flows presented herein are for the eleven-month period from
February 28, 2000 through January 31, 2001
(fiscal 2001) and for the year ended
January 30, 2002 (fiscal 2002).

Pre-Opening and Grand-Opening
    Costs

The Company accounts for pre-opening and
grand-opening expenses representing primarily payroll, training
and advertising costs, in accordance with Statement of Position
(SOP) No. 98-5, Reporting the Costs of
Start-up Activities, which requires that pre-opening and
grand-opening costs be expensed as incurred.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less to
be cash and cash equivalents.

The Company maintains cash balances at several
banks. At January 31, 2001, the Company had deposits in
excess of federal insured limits. The Company also invested
excess cash in money market funds during the fiscal years 2001
and 2002 and such balances were not insured.

Short-Term Investments

The Company invests certain of its excess cash in
short-term money funds. The Companys investments in these
funds at January 30, 2002 were classified under Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS)
No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt
and Equity Securities, as available for sale securities.
The fair value of these securities was approximately equal to
its market value at January 30, 2002. There were no
short-term investments in available for sale securities at
January 31, 2001.

Deferred Financing Costs

Costs incurred in connection with obtaining debt
financing are amortized over the life of the related debt using
the effective interest method.

F-16



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  (Continued)

Revenue Recognition

Store revenues are recognized when payment is
tendered at the point of sale. Gift catalog and internet sales
are generally recognized upon shipment to customers.

Deferred Revenue

The Company offers gift certificates to customers
with a one-year life. The Company defers the recognition of
revenue on cash received for gift certificates until the
certificates are redeemed by customers.

Inventory

Inventory, which consists of ingredients, retail
products and paper products, is valued at the lower of cost or
market, cost being determined on a first-in, first-out
(FIFO) basis.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are recorded at cost, less
accumulated depreciation, which is calculated on a straight-line
method for financial reporting purposes and on an accelerated
method for income tax reporting purposes. The cost of property
and equipment is depreciated over the estimated useful lives of
the related assets, periods ranging from five years for
vehicles; three to fifteen years for equipment; and seven to
twenty years for leasehold improvements.

Management reviews its long-lived assets used in
operations for impairment when there is an event or change in
circumstances that indicates an impairment in value may be
present. An asset is considered impaired when the undiscounted
future cash flows are not sufficient to recover the assets
carrying value. If such impairment is present, an impairment
loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of
the asset over its fair value. No such losses have been
recognized in either year.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and costs and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

Trademarks

The Company had trademarks at January 30,
2002 of $117,750, net of accumulated amortization of $1,506,
which are being amortized over their useful lives of up to
40 years. Amortization expense was $1,506 for the fiscal
year 2002. There were no trademarks in fiscal year 2001.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes using the
asset and liability approach which requires recognition of
deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax
consequences of temporary differences between the carrying
amounts and the tax basis of such assets and liabilities.

This method utilizes enacted statutory tax rates
in effect for the year in which the temporary differences are
expected to reverse and gives immediate effect to changes in
income tax rates upon enactment. Deferred tax assets are
recognized for deductible temporary differences. Deferred taxes
are classified as current or long-term based on the
classification of the assets and liabilities to which they

F-17



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  (Continued)

relate. Deferred income tax expense represents
the change in the net deferred tax asset and liability balances.

State investment credits are accounted for as a
reduction of income tax expense in the year they are recognized
in the financial statements under the flow-through method.

Net Earnings Per Common Share

Basic earnings per common share are computed by
dividing net earnings available to common stockholders by the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding. The
Companys calculation of diluted earnings per share does
not include the effect of unexercised stock options and
warrants, or the conversion of Series A convertible preferred
stock or the convertible debt representing 1,281,912 and
1,117,412 potential shares of common stock at January 31,
2001 and January 30, 2002, respectively, since the effect
would be anti-dilutive.

For the Period

February 28,

For the Year

through

Ended

January 31,

January 30,

(As restated)

Net income (loss)

$

32,378

$

(957,704

)

Series A convertible preferred stock
    dividends

(275,000

)

(300,000

)

Net loss available to common stockholders

$

(242,622

)

$

(1,257,704

)

Basic and diluted loss per share applicable to
    common stockholders

$

(.05

)

$

(.25

)

Weighted average outstanding common shares

5,000,000

5,000,000

Advertising Costs

In accordance with SOP No. 93-7,
Reporting on Advertising Costs, the Company expenses
all advertising expenditures the first time the advertising
takes place except for direct-response advertising which is
capitalized and amortized over its expected period of future
benefits. Direct-response advertising consists primarily of
catalog production and mailing costs that are generally
amortized within 12 months from the date the catalogs are
mailed. Advertising and promotion expense was $298,772 and
$325,300 for the fiscal years 2001 and 2002, respectively. The
amount of direct-response advertising deferred and included in
the consolidated balance sheet as of January 30, 2002 was
$29,477. There were no deferred advertising costs at
January 31, 2001.

Reclassifications

Certain prior year amounts in the accompanying
financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the
current year presentation.

Concentrations of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally
of invested excess cash. Currently, the Company manages its
exposure by investing significant amounts of its excess cash in
mutual funds with short-term maturities.

F-18



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  (Continued)

Recently Issued Accounting
    Pronouncements

In July 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued SFAS No. 141,
Business Combinations, and SFAS No. 142,
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. SFAS
No. 141 requires that all business combinations be
accounted for under the purchase method only and that certain
acquired intangible assets in a business combination be
recognized as assets apart from goodwill. SFAS No. 142
requires that ratable amortization of goodwill and other
intangibles be replaced with periodic tests of the
goodwills impairment and that intangible assets with other
than indefinite lives be amortized over their useful lives. SFAS
No. 141 is effective for all business combinations
initiated after June 30, 2001, and the provisions of SFAS
No. 142 are effective for all fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2001. The adoption of these statements on
January 31, 2002, did not have a significant impact on the
Companys financial position and its results of operations.

The Company adopted the provisions of Staff
Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 101,
Revenue Recognized in Financial Statements, on
January 1, 2001. The implementation of the provisions of
SAB No. 101 did not have an impact on the Companys
financial position or results of operations.

In 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144,
Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets. SFAS No. 144 addresses the accounting model
for long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale and resulting
implementation issues. This statement requires that those
long-lived assets be measured at the lower of carrying amount or
fair value less cost to sell, whether reported in continuing
operations or in discontinued operations. The adoption of this
statement on January 31, 2002, did not have a material
impact on the Companys financial position or its results
of operations.

3.     Inventories

Inventories are comprised of the following:

Ingredients

$

105,336

$

243,631

Retail products

93,540

132,232

Paper products

22,427

25,563

$

221,303

$

401,426

4.     Property and
Equipment

Property and equipment consist of the following:

Equipment and fixtures

$

1,996,315

$

3,561,553

Vehicles

142,621

200,845

Leasehold improvements

1,859,903

3,847,279

3,998,839

7,609,677

Less  Accumulated depreciation
    and amortization

(503,834

)

(988,531

)

$

3,495,005

$

6,621,146

5.     Debt

The Company has entered into installment notes
for the purchase of various vehicles. The notes require
non-interest and interest bearing monthly installments through
various dates for each respective

F-19



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  (Continued)

vehicle. The interest rates vary between 0% and
6.9% per annum. The notes are collateralized by the vehicles.

Maturities of long-term debt are $34,418,
$30,374, and $13,811 for fiscal years ending 2003, 2004, and
2005, respectively.

6.     Leases

The Company conducts its operations in leased
facilities with terms ranging primarily from two to ten years
with renewal provisions for periods ranging from five to
twenty-five years at the option of the Company at predetermined
prices. Generally, management expects that those leases will be
renewed in the normal course of business. The rental payments
for these leases are based on a minimum rental plus real estate
taxes, insurance and other common area expenses. Some facilities
require additional contingent rent based on revenues of such
locations, for fiscal 2001 and fiscal 2002, no contingent rent
was incurred. The Company also leases two vehicles for terms of
approximately three years expiring in 2003 and 2004.

Under the terms of the agreements, these leases
have been classified as operating leases in the consolidated
financial statements. The Company leases two buildings for
retail locations from its principal stockholder and Chief
Executive Officer, rent expense on these locations was $57,750
and $75,498 for the fiscal years 2001 and 2002, respectively.
Minimum rent expense for all operating leases totaled $529,169
and $872,243 for the fiscal years 2001 and 2002, respectively.
In addition, real estate taxes, insurance and other common area
expenses were $32,736 and $77,215 for the fiscal years 2001 and
2002, respectively.

The minimum future rental payments under all
non-cancelable operating leases with initial or remaining terms
of more than one year for each of the next five years and
thereafter:

Fiscal Year

Third Party

Related Party

Total

$

965,469

$

91,992

$

1,057,461

941,094

49,992

991,086

913,700

49,992

963,692

906,221

49,992

956,213

840,083

50,826

890,909

Thereafter

3,010,803

210,818

3,221,621

Total

$

7,577,370

$

503,612

$

8,080,982

7.     Employee
Benefit Plans

The Company instituted a 401(k) profit sharing
plan effective January 1, 1999, which allows all employees
21 years of age or older and who have worked 90 days
to participate. Employees may elect to make annual tax-deferred
contributions of up to 15% of their salary. Matching
contributions to the plan are discretionary and are determined
annually by the Companys Board of Directors. Employees are
vested incrementally in Company contributions of 20% each year.
The Company made no matching contributions to the plan for the
fiscal years 2001 and 2002.

F-20



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  (Continued)

8.     Income
Taxes

Income taxes (benefit) are as follows:

Current:

Federal

$

1,860

$

(222,025

)

State

(15,888

)

9,545

(14,028

)

(212,480

)

Deferred:

Federal

18,000

(316,000

)

State

6,000

(87,000

)

24,000

(403,000

)

Total income taxes

$

9,972

$

(615,480

)

Temporary differences giving rise to the deferred
tax asset consist primarily of net operating loss carryforwards
for tax purposes.

The Companys effective income tax rate in
fiscal year 2001 is lower than would be expected if the
statutory rate was applied to pretax income primarily because
the income tax expense has been reduced by available investment
credits of approximately $24,000 offset by permanent differences.

Management believes that it will realize the full
benefit of the deferred tax asset of $313,000 as a result of its
evaluation of the Companys anticipated profitability based
on the historical and present level of operations.

Deferred tax liabilities:

Tax over book depreciation

$

(173,000

)

$

(318,000

)

Deferred tax assets:

Intangible assets

45,000

70,000

Net operating loss carryforwards

3,000

507,000

Tax credits

24,000

31,000

Other

11,000

23,000

Net deferred tax (liabilities) assets

$

(90,000

)

$

313,000

Net current deferred tax assets

$

27,000

$

53,000

Net non-current deferred tax
    (liabilities) assets

(117,000

)

260,000

Net deferred tax (liabilities) assets

$

(90,000

)

$

313,000

As of January 30, 2002, the Company had
approximately $1,300,000 of net operating loss carryforwards
which expire in 2022.

9.     Common and
Preferred Stock

The Company is authorized to issue 15,000,000
shares of $.001 par value common stock. At January 31, 2001
and January 30, 2002, 5,000,000 shares were issued and
outstanding.

F-21



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  (Continued)

The Company is also authorized to issue 1,000,000
shares of $.001 par value preferred stock. There were 312,500
shares issued for a total consideration of $2,500,000 and
outstanding at January 31, 2001 and January 30, 2002.
These shares were issued pursuant to a private placement
offering in June 1998. The Series A convertible preferred
stock is non-participating and provides for a 12% cumulative
annual dividend based on the consideration paid for the
preferred stock. The Series A convertible preferred stock
is automatically converted into common stock upon a liquidation
event; the closing of an initial public offering
(IPO), sale of substantially all of the
Companys assets or a merger in which the Company is not
the surviving party. The Series A convertible preferred
stock is convertible to common stock at a price of $8.00 per
common share, subject to the anti-dilution adjustment. If a
liquidation event does not occur on or before the fifth
anniversary date it is redeemable at the option of the holder
and/or the Company. If the Company calls for a redemption, the
holders have 30 days to convert to common stock before
redeeming.

The terms of the remaining preferred shares that
are authorized but unissued will be finalized by the Company
when issued.

In connection with the offering of the
Companys Series A convertible preferred stock, the Company
issued warrants to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock at
$.50 per share to the selling agent based on their estimated
fair value. As a result of the insignificant market value of
these warrants at the time of issuance, there was no impact on
the financial statements of the Company.

10.     Subordinated
Convertible Debentures

In fiscal 2001, the Company issued $6,538,500 of
five-year convertible debt comprised of the following:

Subordinated convertible debentures for
    $4,538,500 bearing interest at an average rate of 8.5%. The
    debentures are redeemable or convertible into common stock at
    $10 per share at the option of holder at the end of the term.
    The debentures will automatically convert to common stock upon a
    liquidation event, IPO or sale of substantially all of the
    assets of the Company at the conversion price or the price per
    share in the liquidation event, IPO or sale whichever is lower.

Convertible subordinated promissory note for
    $2,000,000 bearing interest at 12%. The note is convertible into
    common stock at $10 per share at any time. The terms of this
    note prohibit the payment of common stock dividends.

Financing costs, including 98,062 warrants for
the purchase of common stock at the lesser of $10 per share or
150% of the price of the Companys common stock in an IPO,
should one occur, were issued to the selling agent. Commissions
and legal fees amounted to $648,662 and are being amortized over
five years using the effective interest method.

11.     Stock
Options

During 1998, the Company established a stock
option plan which provides for the granting of options to
purchase up to 500,000 shares of common stock. Options are to be
granted at an exercise price not less than the fair market value
of the shares of common stock on the date of grant. All options
vest at a rate of 25% per year beginning one year after the date
of grant. All options terminate 10 years after the date of
grant. At January 30, 2002, no options have been exercised.

F-22



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  (Continued)

A summary of the status of the Companys
stock options is presented below:

Weighted Average

Shares

Exercise Price

Outstanding at February 27, 2000

149,000

$

8.00

Granted

38,500

10.00

Exercised





Forfeited

(20,000

)

8.00

Outstanding at January 31, 2001.

167,500

8.46

Granted





Exercised





Forfeited

(164,500

)

8.43

Outstanding at January 30, 2002.

3,000

$

10.00

The following table summarizes information
concerning currently outstanding and exercisable options:

Options Outstanding

Options Exercisable

Weighted

Weighted

Weighted

Average

Average

Average

Remaining

Exercise

Exercise

Number

Contractual

Price

Number

Price

Range of Exercise Price

Outstanding

Life (Years)

(Per Share)

Exercisable

(Per Share)

$10.00

3,000

8.50

$

10.00

$

10.00

The Company accounts for this stock option plan
under the provisions of APB Opinion No. 25. Accordingly, no
compensation cost has been recognized. Had compensation expense
for the Companys stock option plan been determined
consistent with SFAS No. 123, the Companys net
earnings would not have been reduced since the Black-Scholes
fair value at the dates of grant was zero for all options
granted, due to the significant difference between the exercise
price and the fair value of the stocks on the grant dates.

The fair value of each stock option granted is
estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model with the following weighted average
assumptions for the period February 28, 2000 through
January 31, 2001: Expected option terms of seven years;
dividend yield of 0.00%; risk-free interest rate of 6.03%; and
volatility of 0.00%. The weighted average grant date fair value
of the common stock was $3.50. No options were granted for
fiscal year 2002.

12.     Contingencies

In February 2001, an action was brought against
the Company by a contractor, in connection with the remodeling
of a store. The complaint alleges contractual damages of
$138,211 and is seeking damages for defamation in the amount of
$1,000,000. The Company is vigorously opposing these claims and
has asserted counterclaims seeking damages in excess of
$100,000. No amount has been recorded in the financial
statements for this item.

From time to time in the ordinary course of
business, the Company was involved in other litigation of which
none is considered material to the business.

13.     Related Party
Transactions

As discussed in Note 6, the Company leases two
buildings from its principal stockholder and Chief Executive
Officer. Rental expense for these properties was $57,750 and
$75,498 for the fiscal years 2001

F-23



MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  (Continued)

and 2002, respectively. The Company has a
receivable from these related parties of $-0- and $12,560 at
January 31, 2001 and January 30, 2002, respectively.

In the ordinary course of business, the Company
has supply arrangements with Java Joes Public Market
Roastery, Inc. which, effective in November 2001, is owned by
the Companys Chief Executive Officer. The Companys
transactions with Java Joes Public Market Roastery, Inc.
amounted to purchases of $75,554 in fiscal year 2002. The
Company has a receivable from Java Joes Public Market
Roastery, Inc. of $9,861 at January 30, 2002.

The Company also has an agreement with the
selling agent, which is partially owned by a director, for its
Series A preferred stock and subordinated convertible debentures
to assist in making dividend payments on the Series A
convertible preferred stock and interest payments to convertible
subordinated debenture holders. There were $24,167 and $30,000
in expenses per this agreement for the fiscal years 2001 and
2002, respectively.

14.     Restatement

The Companys financial statements as of
January 31, 2001 and for the eleven-month period then ended
have been restated from amounts previously reported to account
for stock warrants issued in connection with the convertible
subordinated debentures.

Warrants issued to the selling agent valued at
$94,000 are being accounted for as additional financing costs
and amortized over the life of the debentures. Accordingly,
common stockholders equity as of January 31, 2001 has
increased by $82,000 and income for the period ended
January 31, 2001 was reduced by $12,000 with no effect on
earnings per share.

F-24



ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

by and among

KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUTS, INC.,

OLIVER ACQUISITION CORP.

and

MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC.

dated as of

January 23, 2003





Page

ARTICLE I

MERGER

SECTION 1.1.

The Merger

A-1

SECTION 1.2.

Closing

A-1

SECTION 1.3.

Filing

A-1

SECTION 1.4.

Effective Time of the Merger

A-1

ARTICLE II

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION; BY-LAWS; DIRECTORS
    AND OFFICERS

SECTION 2.1.

Certificate of Incorporation

A-2

SECTION 2.2.

By-Laws

A-2

SECTION 2.3.

Directors and Officers of the Surviving
    Corporation

A-2

ARTICLE III

EFFECT OF THE MERGER; CONVERSION

SECTION 3.1.

Effect on Capital Stock

A-2

(a) Newco Common Stock

A-2

(b) Cancellation of Treasury Stock

A-2

(c) Conversion of Company Common Stock

A-2

(d) Stock Options and Warrants

A-2

SECTION 3.2.

Exchange of Certificates

A-3

(a) Exchange Agent

A-3

(b) Exchange Procedures

A-3

(c) Exchange of Certificates

A-3

(d) Distributions with Respect to
    Unsurrendered Certificates

A-3

(e) No Fractional Shares

A-3

(f) Withholding Rights

A-4

(g) Lost Certificates

A-4

(h) Anti-Dilution

A-4

SECTION 3.3.

Stock Transfer Books

A-4

ARTICLE IV

CERTAIN EFFECTS OF THE MERGER

SECTION 4.1.

Effect of the Merger

A-5

SECTION 4.2.

Further Assurances

A-5

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

SECTION 5.1.

Organization and Qualification

A-5

SECTION 5.2.

Capital Stock of Subsidiaries

A-5

SECTION 5.3.

Capitalization

A-6

SECTION 5.4.

Authority Relative to This Agreement

A-6

SECTION 5.5.

No Violations, etc.

A-6

SECTION 5.6.

Commission Filings; Consolidated Financial
    Statements

A-7

A-i



Page

SECTION 5.7.

Absence of Changes or Events

A-8

SECTION 5.8.

Form S-4; Information Statement

A-8

SECTION 5.9.

Litigation

A-8

SECTION 5.10.

Title to and Condition of Properties

A-9

SECTION 5.11.

Leases

A-9

SECTION 5.12.

Contracts; Bank Accounts; Indebtedness

A-9

(a) Contracts and Commitments

A-10

(b) Employment and Labor Contracts

A-10

(c) Bank Accounts

A-10

(d) Indebtedness

A-10

SECTION 5.13.

Franchise Matters

A-10

SECTION 5.14.

Labor Matters

A-11

SECTION 5.15.

Compliance with Law

A-11

SECTION 5.16.

Board Recommendation; DGCL Section 203

A-11

SECTION 5.17.

Intellectual Property

A-12

SECTION 5.18.

Taxes

A-12

SECTION 5.19.

Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA

A-13

SECTION 5.20.

Environmental Matters

A-15

SECTION 5.21.

Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities

A-17

SECTION 5.22.

Finders or Brokers

A-17

SECTION 5.23.

Opinion of Financial Advisor

A-17

SECTION 5.24.

Insurance

A-17

SECTION 5.25.

Customers and Suppliers

A-17

SECTION 5.26.

Product Warranty

A-17

SECTION 5.27.

Tax Free Reorganization

A-18

SECTION 5.28.

Full Disclosure

A-18

ARTICLE VI

    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND NEWCO

SECTION 6.1.

Organization and Qualification

A-18

SECTION 6.2.

Capitalization

A-18

SECTION 6.3.

Authority Relative to This Agreement

A-19

SECTION 6.4.

No Violations, etc

A-19

SECTION 6.5.

Commission Filings; Consolidated Financial
    Statements

A-20

SECTION 6.6.

Form S-4; Information Statement

A-20

SECTION 6.7.

Litigation

A-21

SECTION 6.8.

Board Recommendation

A-21

SECTION 6.9.

Tax Free Reorganization

A-21

ARTICLE VII

    COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

SECTION 7.1.

Conduct of Business of the Company Pending the
    Merger

A-21

SECTION 7.2.

Preparation of the Registration Statement

A-23

SECTION 7.3.

Letters and Consents of the Companys
    Accountants

A-23

SECTION 7.4.

Additional Agreements; Cooperation

A-23

SECTION 7.5.

Publicity

A-24

A-ii



Page

SECTION 7.6.

No Solicitation

A-24

SECTION 7.7.

Access to Information; Confidentiality

A-24

SECTION 7.8.

Indemnification and Insurance

A-24

SECTION 7.9.

Fees and Expenses

A-25

SECTION 7.10.

Affiliates

A-25

SECTION 7.11.

Director and Officer Resignations

A-25

SECTION 7.12.

NYSE Listing

A-25

SECTION 7.13

AMEX Listing

A-25

SECTION 7.14

Stockholder Litigation

A-25

ARTICLE VIII

    CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

SECTION 8.1.

Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to
    Effect the Merger

A-25

(A) NO INJUNCTIONS OR RESTRAINTS

A-25

(B) REGISTRATION STATEMENT

A-25

(C) NYSE LISTING

A-26

(D) EMPLOYMENT AND REGISTRATION RIGHTS
    AGREEMENTS

A-26

(E) INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

A-26

(F) CONSENTS AND APPROVALS

A-26

SECTION 8.2.

Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Newco

A-26

(A) COMPANY STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL OBTAINED

A-26

(B) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

A-26

(C) PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY

A-26

(D) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE

A-26

(E) AFFILIATE LETTERS

A-26

(F) TAX OPINION

A-26

(G) DIRECTOR AND OFFICER RESIGNATIONS

A-27

SECTION 8.3.

Conditions to Obligations of the Company

A-27

(A) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

A-27

(B) PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND
    NEWCO

A-27

(C) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE

A-27

(D) TAX OPINION

A-27

(E) WARRANT AGREEMENT

A-27

ARTICLE IX

     TERMINATION

SECTION 9.1.

Termination

A-28

SECTION 9.2.

Effect of Termination

A-28

ARTICLE X

     MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.1.

Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties

A-29

SECTION 10.2.

Waiver

A-29

SECTION 10.3.

Notices

A-29

SECTION 10.4.

Counterparts

A-30

SECTION 10.5.

Interpretation

A-30

SECTION 10.6.

Amendment

A-30

A-iii



Page

SECTION 10.7.

No Third Party Beneficiaries

A-30

SECTION 10.8.

Governing Law

A-30

SECTION 10.9.

Enforcement

A-30

SECTION 10.10.

Entire Agreement

A-30

SECTION 10.11.

No Recourse Against Others

A-30

SECTION 10.12.

Validity

A-30

EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A  Forms of Employment
    Agreements

EXHIBIT B  Form of Company Affiliate
    Letter

EXHIBIT C  Form of Indemnification
    Agreement

EXHIBIT D  Form of Tax Opinion of
    Counsel for Parent and Newco

EXHIBIT E  Form of Tax Opinion of
    Counsel for the Company

A-iv



AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER,
 dated as of January 23,
2003, by and among Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc., a North
Carolina corporation 
(Parent),
 Oliver
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent 
(Newco),
 and Montana
Mills Bread Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation (the

Company
).

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS,
 the Boards
of Directors of each of Parent, Newco and the Company have
approved the merger (the 
Merger
) of Newco
with and into the Company, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein and in accordance with the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the

DGCL
); and

WHEREAS,
 for federal
income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall
qualify as a tax free reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the 
Code
); and

WHEREAS,
 holders of
a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value
$.001 per share, of the Company (the 
Company Common
Stock
) have indicated to Target that they intend,
immediately following the execution of this Agreement, to
consent to the Merger and adopt this Agreement and to enter into
a registration rights agreement (the 
Registration
Rights Agreement
) with Parent in connection with such
consent and related matters; and

WHEREAS,

concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Eugene
ODonovan and Susan ODonovan shall have entered into
employment agreements (the 
Employment
Agreements
) with Parent, substantially in the form of
Exhibit A-1 and A-2, respectively, each to become effective
as of the Effective Time (as hereinafter defined) as provided
for therein.

NOW, THEREFORE,
 in
consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants and
agreements herein contained, the parties hereto, intending to be
legally bound, agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

MERGER

SECTION 1.1.     
The
Merger.
 At the Effective Time (as hereinafter defined) and
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
DGCL, Newco shall be merged with and into the Company as
provided herein. Thereupon, the corporate existence of Newco
shall cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving
corporation in the Merger (the 
Surviving
Corporation
) and shall succeed to and assume all the
rights and obligations of Newco in accordance with the DGCL.

SECTION 1.2.     
Closing.

The closing of the Merger (the 
Closing
)
will take place at 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the date
that is no later than the second business day after satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII,
unless another time or date is agreed to in writing by the
parties hereto (the 
Closing Date
). The
Closing will be held at the offices of Cahill Gordon &
Reindel, 80 Pine Street, New York, New York, unless another
place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.

SECTION 1.3.     
Filing.

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, on the Closing
Date, the parties hereto will cause to be filed with the office
of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a certificate
of merger (the 
Certificate of Merger
), in
such form as required by, and executed in accordance with, the
relevant provisions of the DGCL.

SECTION 1.4.     
Effective
Time of the Merger.
 The Merger shall be effective at the
time of the filing of the Certificate of Merger, or at such
later time specified in such Certificate of Merger, which time
is herein sometimes referred to as the Effective
Time and the date thereof is herein sometimes referred to
as the 
Effective Date.

A-1



ARTICLE II

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION; BY-LAWS; DIRECTORS
AND OFFICERS

SECTION 2.1.     
Certificate
of Incorporation.
 The Certificate of Incorporation of the
Company shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation.

SECTION 2.2.     
By-Laws.

The By-Laws of Newco shall be the By-Laws of the Surviving
Corporation until the same shall thereafter be altered, amended
or repealed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation or said By-Laws.

SECTION 2.3.     
Directors
and Officers of the Surviving Corporation.
 The directors and
officers of Newco immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation, each
to hold office in accordance with the Certificate of
Incorporation and By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation and until
his or her successor is duly elected or appointed and qualified.

ARTICLE III

EFFECT OF THE MERGER; CONVERSION

SECTION 3.1.     
Effect
on Capital Stock.
 As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of any holders of
shares of Company Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of
Newco:

(a) Newco Common Stock. Each share of
    capital stock of Newco issued and outstanding immediately prior
    to the Effective Time shall be converted into one fully paid and
    nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

(b) Cancellation of Treasury Stock. Each
    share of Company Common Stock that is owned by the Company or by
    any subsidiary of the Company shall automatically be canceled
    and shall cease to exist, and no shares of common stock, no par
    value, of Parent (including the Rights (as hereinafter defined)
    attached thereto, the 
Parent Common Stock
),
    cash or other consideration shall be delivered in exchange
    therefor.

(c) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Each
    issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock (other than
    shares to be canceled in accordance with Section 3.1(b))
    (collectively, the 
Exchanging Company Shares
)
    shall be converted into the right to receive 0.1501 (the
    
Exchange Ratio
) shares of Parent Common Stock
    (the 
Merger Consideration
).

(d) Stock Options and Warrants. At the
    Effective Time, except as provided in Section 8.1(d), all
    rights with respect to Company Common Stock pursuant to any
    Company stock options or Company warrants which are outstanding
    at the Effective Time (each of which is set forth in

Section 5.3
 of the Disclosure Schedule), whether or
    not then exercisable, shall be converted into and become rights
    with respect to Parent Common Stock in accordance with the terms
    of any stock option plan under which they were issued and any
    stock option agreement or warrant agreement, as the case may be,
    by which they are evidenced. It is intended that the foregoing
    provisions shall be undertaken in a manner that will not
    constitute a modification as defined in
    Section 425 of the Code as to any stock option which is an
    incentive stock option. After the Effective Time,
    each Company stock option or warrant set forth in

Section 5.3
 of the Disclosure Schedule shall be
    exercisable for that number of shares of Parent Common Stock
    equal to the number of Company Stock subject thereto multiplied
    by the Exchange Ratio, and shall have an exercise price per
    share equal to the Company exercise price divided by the
    Exchange Ratio and, unless provided otherwise under the stock
    option plan agreement or warrant agreement, as the case may be,
    by which it is evidenced, upon conversion the exercise price of
    each such stock option or warrant shall be rounded up to the
    nearest $0.01 and the number of shares issuable upon exercise
    shall be rounded down to the nearest full share. Parent agrees
    to abide by the terms of any registration rights described in
    Section 5.3 of the Disclosure Schedule.

A-2



SECTION 3.2.     
Exchange
of Certificates.
 (a) 
Exchange Agent.
 As promptly
as practicable after the Effective Time, Parent shall make
available to Branch Banking and Trust Company or such other bank
or trust company designated by Parent (the 
Exchange
Agent
), from time to time upon request of the Exchange
Agent, for the benefit of the holders of Company Common Stock
immediately prior to the Effective Time, for exchange in
accordance with this Article III through the Exchange
Agent, certificates evidencing shares of Parent Common Stock
issuable to holders of Company Common Stock to satisfy the
requirements set forth in Section 3.1 relating to Merger
Consideration and cash necessary to make requisite Additional
Payments (as hereinafter defined).

(b) Exchange Procedures. As promptly as
practicable after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the
Exchange Agent to mail to each record holder of a certificate or
certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (the

Certificates
) (i) a letter of
transmittal (which shall be in customary form and shall specify
that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and (ii) instructions
for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for the Merger Consideration.

(c) Exchange of Certificates. Upon surrender
to the Exchange Agent of a Certificate for cancellation,
together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed and
completed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and such
other documents as may be reasonably required pursuant to such
instructions, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled
to receive in exchange therefor a certificate representing that
number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock, if any,
constituting Merger Consideration to which such holder is
entitled pursuant to this Article III (together with any
cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Parent Common Stock to
which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 3.2(e)
and any dividends or other distributions to which such holder is
entitled pursuant to Section 3.2(d) (together, the

Additional Payments
)), and the Certificate so
surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a
transfer of ownership of shares of Company Common Stock which is
not registered in the transfer records of the Company, the
applicable Merger Consideration and Additional Payments, if any,
may be issued to a transferee if the Certificate representing
such shares of Company Common Stock is presented to the Exchange
Agent, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and
effect such transfer and by evidence that any applicable stock
transfer taxes have been paid. Until surrendered as contemplated
by this Section 3.2, each Certificate shall be deemed at
all times after the Effective Time to represent only the right
to receive upon such surrender the applicable Merger
Consideration with respect to the shares of Company Common Stock
formerly represented thereby and Additional Payments, if any.

(d) Distributions with Respect to
Unsurrendered Certificates. No dividends or other distributions
declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to Parent
Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time shall
be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with
respect to Parent Common Stock the holder thereof is entitled to
receive upon surrender thereof, and no cash payment in lieu of
any fractional shares shall be paid to any such holder pursuant
to Section 3.2(e), until the holder of such Certificate
shall surrender such Certificate. Subject to the effect of
escheat, tax or other applicable laws, following surrender of
any such Certificate, there shall be paid to the holder of the
certificates representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock
issued in exchange therefor, without interest,
(i) promptly, the amount of any cash payable with respect
to fractional shares of Parent Common Stock to which such holder
is entitled pursuant to Section 3.2(e) and the amount of
dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective Time and theretofore paid with respect to such whole
shares of Parent Common Stock, and (ii) at the appropriate
payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions,
with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to
surrender and a payment date occurring after surrender, payable
with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock.

(e) No Fractional Shares. (i) No
certificates representing fractional shares of Parent Common
Stock shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of
Certificates, no dividend or distribution of Parent shall relate
to such fractional share interests and such fractional share
interests shall not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any
rights of a shareholder of Parent. For purposes of this
Section 3.2(e), all

A-3



fractional shares to which a single record holder
of Company Common Stock would otherwise be entitled shall be
aggregated and calculations shall be rounded to three decimal
places.

(ii) Each holder of shares of Company Common
    Stock exchanged pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise have
    been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common
    Stock (after taking into account all such shares held by such
    holder) shall be entitled to receive cash (without interest) in
    an amount, less the amount of any withholding taxes which may be
    required thereon, equal to such fractional part of a share of
    Parent Common Stock multiplied by the closing sales price for a
    share of Parent Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange,
    Inc. (the 
NYSE
) Composite Transactions Tape
    (as reported by 
The Wall Street Journal
 (Northeast
    edition), or, if not reported thereby, as reported in another
    authoritative source selected by Parent) (the 
NYSE
    Composite Transaction Tape
), on the Closing Date.

(iii) As soon as practicable after the
    determination of the amount of cash, if any, to be paid to
    holders of Certificates with respect to any fractional share
    interests, the Exchange Agent shall make available such amounts,
    without interest, to such holders subject to and in accordance
    with the terms of Section 3.2(d).

(f) No Liability. None of the Exchange
Agent, Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to
any holder of Certificates for any shares of Parent Common Stock
(or dividends or distributions with respect thereto), or cash
delivered to a public official pursuant to any abandoned
property, escheat or similar law.

(g) Withholding Rights. Each of the
Surviving Corporation and Parent shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to
this Agreement to any holder of Certificates such amounts as
they are required to deduct and withhold with respect to the
making of such payment under the Code, or any applicable
provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld by the Surviving Corporation or Parent,
as the case may be, such withheld amounts shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder
of the Certificates in respect of which such deduction and
withholding was made by the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as
the case may be.

(h) Lost Certificates. If any Certificate
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate
to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the
Surviving Corporation or Parent, the posting by such person of a
bond, in such reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation or
Parent may direct, as indemnity against any claim that may be
made against them with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange
Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration and Additional
Payments, if any.

(i) Anti-Dilution. The Exchange Ratio shall
be adjusted to reflect fully the effect of any stock split,
reverse split, stock dividend (including any dividend or
distribution of securities convertible into Company Common Stock
or Parent Common Stock, as applicable), extraordinary dividend,
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or any other
like change with respect to Company Common Stock or Parent
Common Stock occurring after the date hereof and prior to the
Effective Time. References to the Exchange Ratio elsewhere in
this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Exchange Ratio as
it may have been adjusted pursuant to this Section 3.2(i).

SECTION 3.3.     
Stock
Transfer Books.
 At the Effective Time, the stock transfer
books of the Company shall be closed and there shall be no
further registration of transfers of Company Common Stock
thereafter on the records of the Company. On or after the
Effective Time, any Certificates presented to the Exchange Agent
or Parent for any reason shall be converted into the applicable
Merger Consideration and Additional Payments, if any.

A-4



ARTICLE IV

CERTAIN EFFECTS OF THE MERGER

SECTION 4.1.     
Effect
of the Merger.
 The effects and consequences of the Merger
shall be as set forth in Section 259 of the DGCL.

SECTION 4.2.     
Further
Assurances.
 If at any time after the Effective Time, any
further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation
with full right, title and possession to all assets, property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of either of Newco or
the Company, the officers of such corporation are fully
authorized in the name of their corporation or otherwise to
take, and shall take, all such further action.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as expressly set forth in the Disclosure
Schedule (with specific reference to the particular Section or
subsection of this Agreement to which the information stated in
such Disclosure Schedule relates, with such disclosure to be
applicable to other Sections or subsections of this Agreement to
the extent a matter is disclosed in such a way as to make its
relevance to the information called for by such other Sections
or subsections readily apparent) delivered by the Company to
Parent and Newco in connection with the execution of this
Agreement, the Company represents and warrants to Parent and
Newco as follows:

SECTION 5.1.     
Organization
and Qualification.
 Each of the Company and its subsidiaries
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
and has all requisite corporate power and authority to own,
lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as
now being conducted. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is
duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business, and is
in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of
its properties owned or leased or the nature of its activities
makes such qualification necessary, except for failures to be so
qualified or in good standing which would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the
business, assets, liabilities, results of operations, condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole (a 
Company Material
Adverse Effect
). Section 5.1 of the Disclosure
Schedule sets forth, with respect to the Company and each of its
subsidiaries, each of the jurisdictions in which they are
incorporated or qualified or otherwise licensed as a foreign
corporation to do business. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is in violation of any of the provisions of its
certificate or articles of incorporation or organization (or
other applicable charter document) or by-laws. The Company has
delivered to Parent accurate and complete copies of the
certificate or articles of incorporation or organization (or
other applicable charter document) and by-laws, as currently in
effect, of each of the Company and its subsidiaries.

SECTION 5.2.     
Capital
Stock of Subsidiaries.
 The only direct or indirect
subsidiaries of the Company are those listed in Section 5.2
of the Disclosure Schedule. The Company is directly or
indirectly the record and beneficial owner of all of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of each of its subsidiaries,
there are no proxies with respect to such shares, and no equity
securities of any of such subsidiaries are or may be required to
be issued by reason of any options, warrants, scrip, rights to
subscribe for, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or
exchangeable for, shares of any capital stock of any such
subsidiary, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which any such subsidiary is
bound to issue additional shares of its capital stock or
securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares. All
of such shares so owned by the Company are validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable and are owned by it free and clear of any
claim, lien or encumbrance of any kind with respect thereto. The
Company does not directly or indirectly own any interest in any
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business
association or entity.

A-5



SECTION 5.3.     
Capitalization.

The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of
15,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share. As of the date
hereof, 8,107,835 shares of Company Common Stock are issued and
outstanding, no shares are issued and held as treasury shares
and no shares of preferred stock are issued and outstanding. All
of such issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of
preemptive rights. Section 5.3 of the Disclosure Schedule
sets forth all outstanding options, warrants or other rights,
whether or not exercisable, to acquire any shares of Company
Common Stock or any other equitable interest in the Company,
and, in the case of outstanding options, identifies the Company
stock plan or other Company benefit plan or other arrangement
under which such options were granted. Other than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any agreement or
understanding, oral or written, which (a) grants an option,
warrant or other right to acquire shares of Company Common Stock
or any other equitable interest in the Company, (b) grants
any registration rights with respect to any shares of Company
Common Stock, including shares of Company Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants,
(c) grants a right of first refusal or other such similar
right upon the sale of Company Common Stock, or
(d) restricts or affects the voting rights of Company
Common Stock, except as may have been granted to Parent
concurrently herewith. There is no liability for dividends
declared or accumulated but unpaid with respect to any Company
Common Stock.

SECTION 5.4.     
Authority
Relative to This Agreement.
 The Company has full corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the Merger and other transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the Merger and other transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly and validly authorized by the Board of
Directors of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on
the part of the Company are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or to consummate the Merger or other transactions
contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery hereof by Parent and
Newco, constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except to the extent that its enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally or by general equitable or fiduciary principles.
Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company
has received from the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock an irrevocable consent (the

Majority Stockholders Consent
) to the Merger
and the adoption of this Agreement; the Majority Stockholders
Consent is in full force and effect and complies in all respects
with the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws
and the DGCL; and no other vote of or action by the stockholders
of the Company is required to adopt and approve this Agreement,
to consummate the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
hereby. In addition, concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement, the Company has received from Kirlin Securities, Inc.
(
Kirlin
) the release and/or waiver of certain
obligations of and restrictions on the Company and its
stockholders under Sections 2.26, 3.22 and 3.23 and the
related provisions of the Underwriting Agreement between the
Company and Kirlin dated June 27, 2002 with respect to the
matters contemplated hereby.

SECTION 5.5.     
No
Violations, etc.
 (a) Assuming that all filings,
permits, authorizations, consents and approvals or waivers
thereof have been duly made or obtained as contemplated by
Section 5.5(b) hereof, neither the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the Company nor the consummation of the
Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby nor compliance
by the Company with any of the provisions hereof will
(i) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of any
provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with
notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default)
under, or result in the termination or suspension of, or
accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right of
termination or acceleration under, or result in the creation of
any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any of
the properties or assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions
of (x) their respective certificate or articles of
incorporation or organization or by-laws, (y) any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture or deed of trust, or (z) any
license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which the Company or any such subsidiary is a party or to

A-6



which they or any of their respective properties
or assets may be subject, or (ii) violate any judgment,
ruling, order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or
regulation applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or any of their respective properties or assets, except, in the
case of clauses (i)(z) and (ii) above, for such
violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations,
suspensions, accelerations, rights of termination or
acceleration or creations of liens, security interests, charges
or encumbrances which would not, individually or in the
aggregate, either have a Company Material Adverse Effect or
impair the Companys ability to consummate the Merger or
other transactions contemplated hereby.

(b) No filing or registration with,
notification to or permit, authorization, consent or approval of
any governmental entity (including, without limitation, any
federal, state or local regulatory authority or agency) is
required by the Company in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of
the Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby, except
(i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger, (ii) the
Majority Stockholders Consent, (iii) filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
SEC
)
necessary to comply with Section 14(c) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act
),
and (iv) filings with the American Stock Exchange, Inc.

(c) As of the date hereof, none of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is in violation of or default
under (x) its respective certificate or articles of
incorporation or organization or by-laws, (y) any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture or deed of trust, or (z) any
license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which the Company or any such subsidiary is a party or to which
they or any of their respective properties or assets may be
subject, except, in the case of clauses (y) and (z)
above, for such violations or defaults which would not,
individually or in the aggregate, either have a Company Material
Adverse Effect or impair the Companys ability to
consummate the Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 5.6.     
Commission
Filings; Consolidated Financial Statements.
 (a) The
Company has filed all required forms, reports and documents with
the SEC since the Companys Registration Statement on
Form SB-2 (the 
Company IPO Registration
Statement
) was declared effective by the SEC on
June 27, 2002, including, in the form filed with the SEC,
together with any amendments thereto, (i) the
Companys final prospectus dated June 27, 2002
relating to the initial public offering of Company Common Stock
and warrants to purchase Company Common Stock filed with the SEC
pursuant to Rule 424(b) (the 
Company IPO
Prospectus
) and (ii) its Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended July 31, 2002
and October 31, 2002 (the 
Company 10-Qs

and, together with the Company IPO Registration Statement and
the Company IPO Prospectus, the 
Company SEC
Reports
), all of which complied when filed in all
material respects with all applicable requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (the 
Securities
Act
), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the

Exchange Act
) and/or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (with respect to the provisions of such act required to
be complied with at the time such forms, reports and/or
documents were required to be filed) and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (the 
Sarbanes-Oxley
Act
) and, to the knowledge of the Company, the
statements contained in or accompanying the Company 10-Qs in
accordance with Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act are true and correct. The audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial
statements of the Company and its subsidiaries included in such
Company SEC Reports were prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles (
GAAP
) applied
on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may
be indicated in the notes thereto and except, in the case of
such unaudited consolidated interim financial statements, for
the omission of normal year-end adjustments) and present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position and results of
operations and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries on
a consolidated basis at the respective dates and for the
respective periods indicated. At the time of effectiveness
and/or filing with the SEC of such Company SEC Reports, none of
the Company SEC Reports contained any untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The Company has provided to Parent copies
of all other correspondence sent to or

A-7



received from the SEC by the Company and its
subsidiaries or their counsel or accountants since
April 25, 2002.

(b) The Company has provided to Parent true
and complete copies of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet
of the Company at December 25, 2002 (the 
December
2002 Balance Sheet
) and the unaudited consolidated
statement of income of the Company for the period from
October 31, 2002 through December 25, 2002
(collectively, the 
December 2002 Financials
).
The December 2002 Financials fairly present, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at
December 25, 2002, and the consolidated results of
operations of the Company for the period then ended, and have
been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent
basis, except that such financial statements do not include a
statement of cash flows or any footnote disclosures that would
otherwise be required to be included by GAAP, and are also
subject to normal non-recurring year-end audit adjustments. The
December 2002 Balance Sheet reflects all liabilities of the
Company, whether absolute, accrued or contingent, as of the date
thereof of the type required to be reflected or disclosed on a
balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP.

SECTION 5.7.     
Absence
of Changes or Events.
 Except as set forth in the Company SEC
Reports, since October 31, 2002:

(a) there has been no material adverse
    change, or any development involving a prospective material
    adverse change, in the business, assets, liabilities, results of
    operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of
    the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(b) there has not been any direct or
    indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition of any shares
    of capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or
    any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or
    other distribution by the Company in respect of its capital
    stock;

(c) except in the ordinary course of its
    business and consistent with past practice, neither the Company
    nor any of its subsidiaries has incurred any indebtedness for
    borrowed money, or assumed, guaranteed, endorsed or otherwise as
    an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any
    other individual, firm or corporation, or made any loans or
    advances to any other individual, firm or corporation;

(d) there has not been any change in the
    financial or the accounting methods, principles or practices of
    the Company or its subsidiaries, except to the extent required
    by GAAP or the rules and regulations of the SEC;

(e) except in the ordinary course of
    business and for amounts which are not material, there has not
    been any revaluation by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
    of any of their respective assets, including, without
    limitation, writing down the value of inventory or writing off
    notes or accounts receivables;

(f) there has not been any damage,
    destruction or loss, whether covered by insurance or not, except
    for such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
    Company Material Adverse Effect; and

(g) there has not been any agreement by the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries to (i) do any of the
    things described in the preceding clauses (a)
    through (f) other than as expressly contemplated or
    provided for in this Agreement or (ii) take, whether in
    writing or otherwise, any action which, if taken prior to the
    date of this Agreement, would have made any representation or
    warranty in this Article V untrue or incorrect.

SECTION 5.8.     
Form S-4;
Information Statement.
 None of the information supplied or
to be supplied by or on behalf of the Company for inclusion in
the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the
SEC by Parent in connection with the issuance of shares of
Parent Common Stock in connection with the Merger (the

Registration Statement
) will, at the time the
Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities
Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light

A-8



of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. None of the information supplied or to be
supplied by or on behalf of the Company for inclusion in the
Information Statement included therein (the 
Information
Statement
), in definitive form, relating to the Merger
will, at the dates mailed to stockholders of the Company and at
the Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. The Company will promptly inform Parent of the
happening of any event prior to the Effective Time which would
render such information regarding the Company incorrect in any
material respect or require the amendment of the Information
Statement. The Registration Statement and the Information
Statement (except for information prepared by or relating solely
to Parent and Newco) will comply as to form in all material
respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act.

SECTION 5.9.     
Litigation.

Except as set forth in the Company SEC Reports, there is no
(i) claim, action, suit or proceeding pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, threatened
against or relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries
before any court or governmental or regulatory authority or body
or arbitration tribunal, or (ii) outstanding judgment,
order, writ, injunction or decree, or application, request or
motion therefor, of any court, governmental agency or
arbitration tribunal in a proceeding to which the Company, any
subsidiary of the Company or any of their respective assets was
or is a party.

SECTION 5.10.     
Title
to and Condition of Properties.
 Section 5.10 of the
Disclosure Schedule contains a true and complete list of all
real properties owned or leased by the Company and its
subsidiaries. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has good
title to all of the real property, if any, owned by it and good
leasehold interests in all real property leased by it, and owns
outright all of the personal property (except for leased
property or assets) which is reflected on the December 2002
Balance Sheet except for property since sold or otherwise
disposed of in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice. No such real or personal property is subject
to claims, liens or encumbrances, whether by mortgage, pledge,
lien, conditional sale agreement, charge or otherwise, except
for (i) Permitted Encumbrances (as hereinafter defined) or
(ii) those which would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect. For purposes
of this Agreement, 
Permitted Encumbrances

shall mean (i) liens for taxes, assessments and other
governmental charges not yet due and payable, (ii) liens
for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges due but
not yet delinquent or being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been
established by the Company, (iii) mechanics,
carriers, workers, repairmens, statutory or
common law liens being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established by
the Company and (iv) with respect to real property,
(A) easements, quasi-easements, licenses, covenants,
rights-of-way or other similar restrictions, including any other
agreements, conditions or restrictions that would be shown on a
current title, report or similar listing and which, individually
or in the aggregate, would not prevent such property from being
used for the purposes for which it is intended, (B) zoning,
building, subdivision or other similar requirements or
restrictions and (C) the rights and obligations of
landlords and tenants contained in any lease governing such real
property.

SECTION 5.11.     
Leases.

Section 5.11 of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true and
complete list of all leases requiring the payment of rentals
aggregating at least $25,000 per annum pursuant to which real or
personal property is held under lease by either of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, and true and complete copies of each
lease pursuant to which either of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries leases real or personal property to others. All of
the leases so listed are valid and subsisting and in full force
and effect and are subject to no default with respect to either
of the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, and, to
the knowledge of the Company, are in full force and effect and
subject to no default with respect to any other party thereto,
and the leased real property is in good and satisfactory
condition in all material respects. Section 5.11 of the
Disclosure Schedule identifies each existing lease containing an
agreement with respect to any change of control or any
indemnification or other contingent obligations that would be
triggered by the Merger.

A-9



SECTION 5.12.     
Contracts;
Bank Accounts; Indebtedness.

(a) Contracts and Commitments.
Section 5.12(a) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a
complete and accurate list of all existing outstanding contracts
and commitments, whether written or oral, under which the
obligations of the Company or its subsidiaries exceed $25,000,
including, without limitation, contracts and commitments
(i) the terms of which provide for the payment by the
Company and its subsidiaries after the date hereof as the
recipient of goods or services or involve the receipt by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries as the provider of goods or
services, (ii) whereby the Company or any of its
subsidiaries leases equipment, (iii) whereby the Company or
any of its subsidiaries has a firm commitment to purchase
capital equipment (or lease in the nature of a conditional
purchase of capital equipment), (iv) which continue for a
period of twelve months or more and are not subject to a
unilateral right of termination by the Company without
consideration or (v) which restrict in any material manner
or purport to restrict in any material manner any business
activities or freedom of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
(or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its officers or
employees) to engage in any business or to compete with any
person. Section 5.12(a) of the Disclosure Schedule also
contains a complete and accurate list of all existing
outstanding contracts and commitments, whether written or oral,
between the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the one hand,
and any officer, director or affiliate of the Company or any
subsidiary, on the other hand. None of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is in material default (nor is there any event
which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a
material default) under any contract or commitment referred to
in this Section 5.12(a). Section 5.12(a) of the
Disclosure Schedule identifies each existing contract or
commitment containing an agreement with respect to any change of
control or any indemnification or other contingent obligations
that would be triggered by the Merger.

(b) Employment and Labor Contracts. Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any
employment, management services, consultation or other similar
contract with any past or present officer, director, employee or
other person or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity
affiliated with any past or present officer, director or
employee or other person other than those included as exhibits
in the Company SEC Reports and other than the agreements
executed by employees generally, the forms of which have been
delivered to Parent. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Section 5.12(b) of the Disclosure Schedule identifies any
such agreement containing an agreement with respect to any
change of control, severance or termination benefit or any
obligation on the part of the Company that could be triggered by
the Merger.

(c) Bank Accounts. Section 5.12(c) of
the Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of
the name of each bank in which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries has an account or safe deposit box (each, a

Bank Account
 and, collectively, the

Bank Accounts
). The Company has previously
provided to Parent the account numbers of each Bank Account and
the names of all persons authorized to draw thereon or to have
access thereto.

(d) Indebtedness. Section 5.12(d) of
the Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of
all indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company and its
subsidiaries showing the aggregate amount by way of principal
and interest which was outstanding as of a date not more than
seven days prior to the date of this Agreement and, by the terms
of agreements governing such indebtedness, is expected to be
outstanding on the Closing Date. Neither this Agreement, the
Merger nor the other transactions contemplated hereby will
result in any outstanding loans or borrowings by the Company or
any subsidiary of the Company becoming due, going into default
or giving the lenders or other holders of debt instruments the
right to require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to repay
all or a portion of such loans or borrowings.

SECTION 5.13.     
Franchise
Matters.
 Except for that certain Development Agreement
between the Company and Bread Partners, LLC relating to the
development of up to seven stores in the Washington, DC area,
none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is party to any
franchise or similar agreements or arrangements. The Company and
its subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with
the applicable requirements of the Federal Trade Commission (the

FTC
) rules governing franchising and all

A-10



applicable provisions of federal, state, local
and other laws or regulations governing the business of a
franchisor. The Company is the exclusive franchisor of the
Montana Mills and the Montana Mills Bread
Co. concept for the operation of retail bakeries utilizing
certain of the trademarks and service marks used by the Company
and its subsidiaries. Neither the Companys Uniform
Franchise Offering Circular nor any other franchise disclosure
statement of similar import (whether now or previously existing)
nor any statements (whether oral or written) furnished by the
Company and its subsidiaries or by any person acting on their
behalf in connection with the sale, management, administration
or termination of a franchise contains or contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omits or omitted a material fact
necessary to make the statements made or contained therein or
made in connection therewith not misleading. The Company is not
aware of any fact, circumstance or condition related to
franchising activities which could have a Company Material
Adverse Effect or impair the Companys ability to
consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby. The Companys Development agreement with Bread
Partners, LLC is valid and in full force and effect, and the
Company is not, and to the knowledge of the Company, Bread
Partners, LLC is not, in default with respect to any material
term or condition thereof, nor has any event occurred which,
through the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both,
would constitute a default thereunder by the Company or, to the
knowledge of the Company, Bread Partners, LLC, thereunder.

SECTION 5.14.     
Labor
Matters.
 Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws
respecting employment and employment practices, terms and
conditions of employment and wages and hours, and neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is engaged in any unfair
labor practice. There is no labor strike, slowdown or stoppage
pending (or, to the knowledge of the Company, any labor strike
or stoppage threatened) against or affecting the Company or any
of its subsidiaries. To the knowledge of the Company, no
petition for certification has been filed and is pending before
the National Labor Relations Board with respect to any employees
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who are not currently
organized. No employee of the Company or its subsidiaries is
represented by a labor union or similar organization with
respect to his or her employment with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, there exist
no ongoing discussions between the employees of the Company or
its subsidiaries and any labor union or similar organization
relating to the representation of such employees by such labor
union or similar organization.

SECTION 5.15.     
Compliance
with Law.
 Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has violated or failed to comply with any statute, law,
ordinance, regulation, rule or order of any foreign, federal,
state or local government or any other governmental department
or agency (including, without limitation, any required by the
Food and Drug Administration, the Department of Agriculture, the
Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990, the Organic Foods
Production Act of 1990 or the National Organic Program
authorized thereunder), or any judgment, decree or order of any
court, applicable to its business or operations, except where
any such violation or failure to comply would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect or
impair the Companys ability to consummate the Merger or
the other transactions contemplated hereby; the conduct of the
business of each of the Company and its subsidiaries is in
conformity with all foreign, federal, state and local
requirements, and all other foreign, federal, state and local
governmental and regulatory requirements, except where such
nonconformities would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Company Material Adverse Effect or impair the
Companys ability to consummate the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated hereby. The Company and its
subsidiaries have all permits, licenses and franchises from
governmental agencies required to conduct their businesses as
now being conducted, except for such permits, licenses and
franchises the absence of which would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect or impair
the Companys ability to consummate the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 5.16.     
Board
Recommendation; DGCL Section 203.
 (a) The Board of
Directors of the Company has, by unanimous vote of all directors
voting a meeting of such Board duly held on January 23,
2003, declared the advisability of, approved and adopted this
Agreement and the Merger and determined

A-11



that (based in part on the review of the fairness
opinion presented to it by Capitalink, L.C.) the Merger is fair
to the stockholders of the Company.

(a) No fair price,
moratorium, control share acquisition or
other similar antitakeover statute or regulation enacted under
state or federal laws in the United States (with the exception
of Section 203 of the DGCL) applicable to the Company is
applicable to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
hereby. The action of the Board of Directors of the Company in
approving this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and
the Majority Stockholders Consent (and the transactions provided
for herein) is sufficient to render inapplicable to this
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Majority
Stockholders Consent (and the transactions provided for herein)
the restrictions on business combinations (as
defined in Section 203 of the DGCL) as set forth in
Section 203 of the DGCL.

SECTION 5.17.     
Intellectual
Property.
 Section 5.17 of the Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a complete and accurate list of all of the trademarks
(whether or not registered) and trademark registrations and
applications, patent and patent applications, copyrights and
copyright applications, service marks, service mark
registrations and applications, trade dress, trade and product
names (collectively, the 
Intellectual
Property
) owned or licensed by the Company and its
subsidiaries and material to the business of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole. (i) Each of the Company and
its subsidiaries has or owns, directly or indirectly, all right,
title and interest to such Intellectual Property or has the
perpetual right to use such Intellectual Property without
consideration; (ii) none of the rights of the Company and
its subsidiaries in or use of such Intellectual Property has
been or is currently being or, to the knowledge of the Company,
is threatened to be infringed or challenged; (iii) all of
the patents, trademark registrations, service mark
registrations, trade name registrations and copyright
registrations included in such Intellectual Property have been
duly issued and have not been canceled, abandoned or otherwise
terminated; and (iv) all of the patent applications,
trademark applications, service mark applications, trade name
applications and copyright applications included in such
Intellectual Property have been duly filed. To the knowledge of
the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries own or have
adequate licenses or other rights to use all Intellectual
Property, know-how and technical information required for their
operations.

SECTION 5.18.     
Taxes.

(i) The Company and each of its subsidiaries have timely
filed with the appropriate governmental agencies all federal
income and all other material Tax Returns (as hereinafter
defined) required to be filed for any period, taking into
account any extension of time to file granted to or obtained on
behalf of the Company and/or its subsidiaries, and each such Tax
Return is complete and accurate in all material respects;
(ii) the Company and each of its subsidiaries have timely
paid all Taxes (as hereinafter defined) due and payable by them
and have made adequate accruals for any Taxes attributable to
the Company and/or its subsidiaries that are not yet due and
payable; (iii) all asserted deficiencies or assessments
resulting from examinations of any Tax Returns filed by or Taxes
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries have been paid or
finally settled and no issue asserted in writing in connection
with any such asserted deficiency or assessment reasonably could
be expected to result in a proposed deficiency or assessment for
any prior, parallel or subsequent period (including periods
subsequent to the Effective Date) not covered by an adequate
accrual; (iv) no other deficiency in respect of Taxes has
been asserted in writing or assessed against the Company or any
of its subsidiaries by any taxing authority, and no examination
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened by any taxing authority;
(v) no extension of the period for assessment or collection
of any Tax of the Company or its subsidiaries is currently in
effect and no extension of time within which to file any Tax
Return has been requested, which Tax Return has not since been
filed; (vi) no liens have been filed with respect to any
Taxes of the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than in
respect of property taxes that have accrued but are not yet due
and payable; (vii) neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has made, or is or will be required to make, any
adjustment by reason of a change in their accounting methods for
any period (or portion thereof) ending on or before the
Effective Date; (viii) the Company and its subsidiaries
have made timely payments of all Taxes required to be deducted
and withheld from the wages paid to their employees and from all
other amounts paid to third parties; (ix) neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any tax
sharing, tax matters, tax indemnification or similar agreement;
(x) neither the Company nor any of its

A-12



subsidiaries owns any interest in any
controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning
of Section 957 of the Code), passive foreign
investment company (within the meaning of
Section 1296 of the Code) or other entity the income of
which may be required to be included in the income of the
Company or such subsidiary whether or not distributed;
(xi) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
made an election under Section 341(f) of the Code;
(xii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a
party to any agreement or arrangement that provides for the
payment of any amount, or the provision of any other benefit,
that could constitute an excess parachute payment
within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code;
(xiii) to the knowledge of the Company, no claim has ever
been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or
any of its subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that such
entity is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction;
(xiv) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
any liability for the Taxes of any person under United States
Treasury Regulation (
Treas. Reg.
)
 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local
or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or
otherwise, except for liability arising under Treas. Reg.
 1.1502-6 with respect to current members of the
Companys affiliated group (as defined in
Section  1504 of the Code); (xv) neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries has ever had any undistributed
personal holding company income (as defined in
Section 545 of the Code); (xvi) none of the assets of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries is tax-exempt use
property (as defined in Section 168(h)(1) of the
Code) or may be treated as owned by any other person pursuant to
Section 168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (as
in effect immediately prior to the enactment of the Tax Reform
Act of 1986); (xvii) neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has ever been a United States real property
holding corporation, within the meaning of
Section 897 of the Code; (xviii) neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries has made any elections under
Sections 108, 168, 338, 441, 472, 1017, 1033 or 4977 of the
Code; (xix) there are no excess loss accounts
(as defined in Treas. Reg.  1.1502-19) with respect
to any stock of any subsidiary; (xx) neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries has any (a) deferred gain or
loss (1) arising from any deferred intercompany
transactions (as described in Treas. Reg.
 1.1502-13 and 1.1502-13T prior to amendment by
Treasury Decision 8597 (issued July 12, 1995)) or
(2) with respect to the stock or obligations of any other
member of any affiliated group (as described in Treas. Reg.
 1.1502-14 and 1.1502-14T prior to amendment by
Treasury Decision 8597) or (b) any gain subject to Treas.
Reg.  1.1502-13, as amended by Treasury Decision
8597; (xxi) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has requested a ruling from, or entered into a closing agreement
with, the Internal Revenue Service (the 
IRS
)
or any other taxing authority; and (xxii) the Company has
previously delivered to Parent true and complete copies of
(a) all federal, state, local and foreign income or
franchise Tax Returns filed by the Company and/or any of its
subsidiaries for the last three taxable years ending prior to
the date hereof and (b) any audit reports issued within the
last three years by the IRS or any other taxing authority.

For all purposes of this Agreement,

Tax
 or 
Taxes
 means
(i) all federal, state, local, foreign or franchise taxes,
charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including,
without limitation, all net income, alternative minimum, gross
receipts, capital, sales, use, ad valorem, value added,
transfer, franchise, profits, inventory, capital stock, license,
withholding, payroll, employment, social security, unemployment,
excise, severance, stamp, occupation, property and estimated
taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments and charges of any kind
whatsoever, (ii) all interest, penalties, fines, additions
to tax or other additional amounts imposed by any taxing
authority in connection with any item described in
clause (i) and (iii) all transferee, successor, joint
and several or contractual liability (including, without
limitation, liability pursuant to Treas. Reg.
 1.1502-6 (or any similar state, local or foreign
provision)) in respect of any items described in clause (i)
or (ii).

For all purposes of this Agreement, 
Tax
Return
 means all returns, declarations, reports,
estimates, information returns and statements required to be
filed in respect of any Taxes.

SECTION 5.19.     
Employee
Benefit Plans; ERISA.
 (a) Section 5.19 of the
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of
all employee pension benefit plans as defined in
Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended (
ERISA
), maintained or
contributed to by the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any
other ERISA Affiliates, or with respect to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries contributes or is obligated to make
payments thereunder or

A-13



otherwise may have any liability
(
Pension Benefits Plans
), welfare
benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA)
maintained or contributed to by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or with respect to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries otherwise may have any liability (
Welfare
Plans
), multiemployer plans as defined in
Section 3(37) of ERISA to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is required to make contributions or otherwise may
have any liability, stock bonus, stock option, restricted stock,
stock appreciation right, stock purchase, bonus, incentive,
deferred compensation, severance and vacation or other employee
benefit plans, programs or arrangements that are not Pension
Benefit Plans or Welfare Plans maintained or contributed to by
the Company or a subsidiary or with respect to which the Company
or any subsidiary otherwise may have any liability
(
Other Plans
). For purposes of this
Agreement, 
ERISA Affiliate
 shall mean any
person (as defined in Section 3(9) of ERISA) that is or has
been a member of any group of persons described in
Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code including
the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(b) The Company and each of its subsidiaries
are in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the
Code and other applicable laws, as applied to each of the
Pension Benefit Plans, Welfare Plans and Other Plans
(collectively, the 
Plans
) except where the
failure to comply would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(c) All contributions to, and payments from,
the Plans which are required to have been made in accordance
with the Plans and, when applicable, Section 302 of ERISA
or Section 412 of the Code have been timely made except
where the failure to make such contributions or payments on a
timely basis would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

(d) The Pension Benefit Plans intended to
qualify under Section 401 of the Code are so qualified and
have been determined by the IRS to be so qualified and, to the
knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred with respect to
the operation of such Pension Benefit Plans which would cause
the loss of such qualification or exemption or the imposition of
any material liability, penalty or tax under ERISA or the Code.

(e) There are (i) no investigations,
audits or examinations pending, or to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened by any governmental entity (including the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
(
PBGC
 )) involving any of the Plans,
(ii) no termination proceedings involving the Plans, and
(iii) no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened claims (other than routine claims for benefits),
suits or proceedings against any Plan, against the assets of any
of the trusts under any Plan or against any fiduciary of any
Plan with respect to the operation of such Plan or asserting any
rights or claims to benefits under any Plan or against the
assets of any trust under such Plan, which would, in the case of
clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (e),
give rise to any liability which would, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect, nor, to the
knowledge of the Company, are there any facts which would give
rise to any liability which would, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect in the event
of any such investigation, audit, examination, claim, suit or
proceeding.

(f) None of the Company, any of its
subsidiaries or any employee of the foregoing, nor, to the
knowledge of the Company, any trustee, administrator, other
fiduciary or any other party in interest or
disqualified person with respect to the Pension
Benefit Plans or Welfare Plans, has engaged in a
prohibited transaction (within the meaning of
Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA)
which could result in a tax or penalty on the Company or any of
its subsidiaries under Section 4975 of the Code or
Section 502(i) of ERISA which would, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(g) None of the Pension Benefit Plans is a
plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of
the Code.

(h) Neither the Company nor any subsidiary
of the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or is
reasonably likely to incur, any material liability under
Title IV of ERISA.

A-14



(i) Neither the Company, any of its
subsidiaries nor any of their ERISA Affiliates has any liability
(including any contingent liability under Section 4204 of
ERISA) with respect to any multiemployer plan, within the
meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA (a 
Multiemployer
Plan
), which would, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(j) With respect to each of the Plans, true,
correct and complete copies of the following documents have been
made available to Parent: (i) the current Plans and related
trust documents, including amendments thereto, (ii) any
current summary plan descriptions, (iii) the most recent
Forms 5500 (if any) filed with respect to each such Plan,
(iv) the most recent financial statements and actuarial
reports, if applicable, (v) the most recent IRS
determination letter, if applicable, (vi) if any
application for an IRS determination letter is pending, copies
of all such applications for determination including
attachments, exhibits and schedules thereto, (vii) all
material agreements (including settlement agreements or other
similar agreements relating to any Plan) and (viii) all
material correspondence between the Company and any of its
subsidiaries and the IRS, PBGC, United States Department of
Labor or any other governmental entity relating to any of the
Plans.

(k) None of the Welfare Plans maintained by
the Company or any of its subsidiaries are retiree life or
retiree health insurance plans which provide for continuing
benefits or coverage for any participant or any beneficiary of a
participant following termination of employment, except as may
be required under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act of 1985, as amended (
COBRA
), or except
where the full expense of such coverage or benefits is paid by
the participant or the participants beneficiary. The
Company and each of its subsidiaries which maintain a
group health plan within the meaning of
Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code have complied with the
notice and continuation requirements of Section 4980B of
the Code, COBRA, Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I
of ERISA and the regulations thereunder except where the failure
to comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Except in the event of a partial
termination, as described in Treas. Reg.  1.411(d)-2,
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement will not either alone or in connection with an
employees termination of employment or other event result
in an increase in the amount of compensation or benefits or
accelerate the vesting or timing of payment of any benefits or
compensation payable to or in respect of any employee of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(m) The consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not result in or satisfy a
condition to the payment of compensation that would, in
combination with any other payment, result in an excess
parachute payment within the meaning of
Section 280G(b) of the Code.

(n) As of the Closing, the Company, its
subsidiaries and any entity with which the Company or its
subsidiaries could be considered a single employer under 29
U.S.C. Section 2101(a)(1) or under any relevant case law
has not incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as it may be amended
from time to time, and within the 90-day period immediately
following the Closing, will not incur any such liability or
obligation if, during such 90-day period, only terminations of
employment in the normal course of operations occur.

SECTION 5.20.     
Environmental
Matters. 
(a) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries
has obtained (or is capable of obtaining without incurring any
material incremental expense) all Environmental Permits required
in connection with its business and operations, except when the
failure to obtain such Environmental Permits would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material
Adverse Effect, and has no reason to believe any of them will be
revoked prior to their expiration, modified or will not be
renewed, and have made all registrations and given all
notifications that are required under Environmental Laws.

(b) There is no Environmental Claim pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the
Company or any of its subsidiaries under Environmental Laws.

(c) The Company and its subsidiaries are in
material compliance with, and have no material liability under,
Environmental Laws, including, without limitation, all of their
Environmental Permits.

A-15



(d) Except as may be contained in any lease
agreement set forth in 
Section 5.11
 of the
Disclosure Schedule, copies of which have been delivered to
Parent, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
assumed, by contract or otherwise, any liabilities or
obligations arising under Environmental Laws.

(e) There are no past or present actions,
activities, conditions, occurrences or events, including,
without limitation, the Release or threatened Release of
Hazardous Materials, which could reasonably be expected to
prevent material compliance by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries with Environmental Laws, or to result in any
material liability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
under Environmental Laws.

(f) No lien has been recorded under
Environmental Laws with respect to any property, facility or
asset currently owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

(g) Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has received any notification that Hazardous
Materials that any of them or any of their respective
predecessors in interest has used, generated, stored, treated,
handled, transported or disposed of has been found at any site
at which any person is conducting or plans to conduct any
investigation, remediation, removal, response or other action
pursuant to Environmental Laws, and neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries is conducting any such action at any
location.

(h) There is no friable asbestos or asbestos
containing material in, on or at any property, facility or
equipment owned, operated or leased by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.

(i) No property now or previously owned,
operated or leased by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or
any of their respective predecessors in interest, is
(i) listed or proposed for listing on the National
Priorities List promulgated pursuant to the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980,
as amended (
CERCLA
) or (ii) listed on
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Information System List promulgated pursuant to
CERCLA, or on any comparable list established under
Environmental Laws.

(j) No underground or aboveground storage
tank or related piping, or any surface impoundment, lagoon,
landfill or other disposal site containing Hazardous Materials
is located at, under or on any property owned, operated or
leased by the Company or any of its subsidiaries nor has any of
them been removed from or decommissioned or abandoned at any
such property.

(k) The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the Merger and
other transactions contemplated hereby and the exercise by
Parent of rights to own and operate the businesses of each of
the Company and its subsidiaries substantially as presently
conducted will not affect the validity or require the transfer
of any material Environmental Permits held by the Company or any
of its subsidiaries and will not require any notification,
disclosure, registration, reporting, filing, investigation,
remediation response or other action under Environmental Laws.

(l) The Company has delivered or otherwise
made available for inspection to Parent copies of any
investigations, studies, reports, assessments, evaluations and
audits in its possession, custody or control of Hazardous
Materials at, in, beneath, emanating from or adjacent to any
properties or facilities now or formerly owned, leased, operated
or used by it or any of its subsidiaries or any of their
respective predecessors in interest, or of compliance by any of
them with, or liability of any of them under, Environmental Laws.

For purposes of this Section 5.20:

(i) 
Environment
 means any
    surface water, ground water, drinking water supply, land surface
    or subsurface strata, ambient air, indoor air and any indoor
    location and all natural resources such as flora, fauna and
    wetlands;

(ii) 
Environmental Claim

    means any notice, claim, demand, complaint, suit or other
    communication by any person alleging potential liability
    (including, without limitation, potential liability for
    investigation, remediation, removal, response or corrective
    action or for damages to any

A-16



person, property or natural resources, and any
    fines or penalties) arising out of or relating to (1) the
    Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials or
    (2) any violation, or alleged violation, of Environmental
    Laws;

(iii) 
Environmental Laws

    means all federal, state, and local laws, statutes, codes,
    rules, ordinances, regulations, judgments, orders, decrees and
    the common law as now or previously in effect relating to
    pollution or protection of human health or the Environment, or
    occupational health or safety, including, without limitation,
    those relating to the Release or threatened Release of Hazardous
    Materials;

(iv) 
Hazardous Materials

    means pollutants, contaminants, hazardous or toxic substances,
    constituents, materials or wastes, and any other waste,
    substance, material, chemical or constituent subject to
    regulation, or which can give rise to liability, under
    Environmental Laws including, without limitation, petroleum and
    petroleum products and wastes, and all constituents thereof;

(v) 
Release
 means any
    spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying,
    discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping or disposing
    in or into the Environment; and

(vi) 
Environmental Permit

    means a permit, identification number, license, approval,
    consent or other written authorization issued pursuant to
    Environmental Laws.

SECTION
5.21.     
Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities.
 Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports,
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any
liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether absolute,
accrued, unmatured, contingent or otherwise, or any unsatisfied
judgments or any leases of personalty or realty or unusual or
extraordinary commitments, except the liabilities recorded on
the balance sheet as of October 31, 2002 included in the
Company SEC Reports and the notes thereto, and except for
liabilities or obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice since
October 31, 2002 that would not individually or in the
aggregate have a Company Material Adverse Effect or impair the
Companys ability to consummate the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION
5.22.     
Finders or Brokers.

None of the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company, the Board
of Directors of the Company, any member of the Board of
Directors of the Company or any officer of the Company has
employed any investment banker, broker, finder or intermediary
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby who
might be entitled to a fee or any commission in connection with
the Merger.

SECTION
5.23.     
Opinion of Financial
Advisor.
 The Company has received the opinion of
Capitalink, L.C., dated the date of this Agreement, to the
effect that, as of such date, the Merger Consideration is fair
from a financial point of view to the holders of Company Common
Stock, a true and complete copy of which has been delivered to
Parent.

SECTION
5.24.     
Insurance.

Section 5.24 of the Disclosure Schedule lists all insurance
policies in force on the date hereof covering the businesses,
properties and assets of each of the Company and its
subsidiaries, and all such policies are currently in effect.

SECTION
5.25.     
Customers and
Suppliers.
 Since the date of the Company SEC Reports, there
has been no termination, cancellation or material curtailment of
the business relationship of the Company with any customer or
supplier or group of affiliated customers or suppliers which
would result in a Company Material Adverse Effect nor, to the
knowledge of the Company, has the Company received any written
notice of intent to so terminate, cancel or materially curtail
such business relationships.

SECTION
5.26.     
Product Warranty.

There are no warranties (express or implied) outstanding with
respect to any products created, manufactured, sold, distributed
or licensed, or any services rendered, by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, other than any such warranty implied by law
pursuant to Sections 2-312, 2-313(b) and 2-314 of the
Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York, the
similar laws of any other state in which the Companys
products are sold, the Companys or any of its

A-17



subsidiaries customer purchase order or
contract forms or the Companys or any of its
subsidiaries order information forms; and such products
are nontoxic.

SECTION 5.27.     
Tax
Free Reorganization.
 Neither the Company nor, to the
knowledge of the Company, any of its affiliates has taken, has
agreed to take or will take any action that would prevent the
Merger from constituting a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code or that would prevent an
exchange of Company Common Stock for Parent Common Stock
pursuant to the Merger from qualifying as an exchange described
in Section 354 of the Code (except with respect to any cash
received in lieu of a fractional share). Neither the Company
nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its affiliates is
aware of any agreement, plan or other circumstance that would
prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code or that would
prevent an exchange of Company Common Stock for Parent Common
Stock pursuant to the Merger from qualifying as an exchange
described in Section 354 of the Code (except with respect
to any cash received in lieu of a fractional share) and, to the
knowledge of the Company, the Merger and each such exchange will
so qualify.

SECTION
5.28.     
Full Disclosure. 
As of
the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as the case may be,
all statements contained in any schedule, exhibit, certificate
or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Company
pursuant to this Agreement are, or, in respect of any such
instrument to be delivered on or prior to the Closing Date, as
of its date and as of the Closing Date will be, accurate and
complete in all material respects, authentic and incorporated
herein by reference and constitute or will constitute the
representations and warranties of the Company. No representation
or warranty of the Company contained in this Agreement contains
any untrue statement or omits to state a fact necessary in order
to make the statements herein or therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any
material respect.

ARTICLE VI

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND NEWCO

Except as expressly set forth on the Disclosure
Schedule (with specific reference to the Section or subsection
of this Agreement to which the information stated in such
Disclosure Schedule relates, with such disclosure to be
applicable to other Sections or subsections of this Agreement to
the extent a matter is disclosed in such a way as to make its
relevance to the information called for by such other Sections
or subsections readily apparent) delivered by Parent and Newco
to the Company in connection with the execution of this
Agreement, Parent and Newco represent and warrant to the Company
as follows:

SECTION
6.1.     
Organization and
Qualification. 
Each of Parent and Newco is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all
requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being
conducted. Each of Parent and Newco is duly qualified as a
foreign corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in
each jurisdiction where the character of its properties owned or
leased or the nature of its activities makes such qualification
necessary, except for failures to be so qualified or in good
standing which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a material adverse effect on the business, assets, liabilities,
results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or
prospects of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole (a

Parent Material Adverse Effect
). Neither
Parent nor Newco is in violation of any of the provisions of its
certificate or articles of incorporation or organization or
by-laws. Parent has delivered to the Company accurate and
complete copies of the certificate or articles of incorporation
or organization (or other applicable charter document) and
by-laws, as currently in effect, of each of Parent and Newco.

SECTION
6.2.     
Capitalization.

(a) The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of
300,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, no par value. As of December 6, 2002,
56,207,012 shares of Parent Common Stock were issued and
outstanding and no shares of preferred stock of Parent were
issued and outstanding. The Parent Common Stock, including the
shares

A-18



of Parent Common Stock to be issued in exchange
for Company Common Stock, have attached thereto rights (the

Rights
) to purchase one one-hundredth (1/100)
of a share of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred
Stock (the 
Series A Preferred Stock
).
The Rights are issued pursuant to a Rights Agreement (the

Rights Agreement
) dated as of
January 18, 2000 between Parent and Branch Banking and
Trust Company. All of such issued and outstanding shares are,
and any shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection
with this Agreement, the Merger and the transactions
contemplated hereby will be, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. Parent has reserved
for issuance a sufficient number of shares of Parent Common
Stock to cover the exercise of all outstanding options and
warrants of the Company which shall remain outstanding upon
consummation of the Merger as set forth in Section 5.3 of
the Disclosure Schedule.

(b) Newco was formed solely for the purpose
of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
has engaged in no other business activities and has conducted
its operations only as contemplated by this Agreement. The
authorized capital stock of Newco consists of 1,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and Parent is directly
the record and beneficial owner of all such shares, and all of
such shares so owned by Parent are validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and are owned by Parent free and clear of any
claim, lien or encumbrance of any kind with respect thereto.

SECTION
6.3.     
Authority Relative to This
Agreement. 
Each of Parent and Newco has full corporate power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the Merger and other transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the Merger and other transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly and validly authorized by the Board of
Directors of each of Parent and Newco and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of Parent or Newco are necessary to
authorize this Agreement or to consummate the Merger or other
transactions contemplated hereby except the approval of Parent,
as the sole stockholder of Newco which has been obtained
simultaneously with the execution and delivery hereof. This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
Parent and Newco and, assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery hereof by the Company, constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of each of Parent and Newco, enforceable
against each of them in accordance with its terms, except to the
extent that its enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or
by general equitable or fiduciary principles.

SECTION 6.4.     
No
Violations, etc. 
(a) Assuming that all filings,
permits, authorizations, consents and approvals or waivers
thereof have been duly made or obtained as contemplated by
Section 6.4(b) hereof, neither the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by Parent and Newco nor the consummation of
the Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby nor
compliance by Parent or Newco with any of the provisions hereof
will (i) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of
any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which,
with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a
default) under, or result in the termination or suspension of,
or accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right
of termination or acceleration under, or result in the creation
of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any
of the properties or assets of Parent or any of its subsidiaries
under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of
(x) their respective certificate or articles of
incorporation or organization or by-laws, (y) any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture or deed of trust, or (z) any
license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which Parent or any such subsidiary is a party or to which they
or any of their respective properties or assets may be subject,
or (ii) violate any judgment, ruling, order, writ,
injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to
Parent or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective
properties or assets, except, in the case of clauses (i)(z)
and (ii) above, for such violations, conflicts, breaches,
defaults, terminations, suspensions, accelerations, rights of
termination or acceleration or creations of liens, security
interests, charges or encumbrances which would not, individually
or in the aggregate, either have a Parent Material Adverse
Effect or impair Parents or Newcos ability to
consummate the Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby.

(b) No filing or registration with,
notification to or permit, authorization, consent or approval of
any governmental entity is required by Parent, Newco or any of
Parents other subsidiaries in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation by
Newco of the Merger or other

A-19



transactions contemplated hereby, except
(i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger,
(ii) filings with the NYSE and, if applicable, the American
Stock Exchange, Inc., (iii) filings with the SEC and state
securities administrators, and (iv) such other filings,
registrations, notifications, permits, authorizations, consents
or approvals the failure of which to be obtained, made or given
would not, individually or in the aggregate, either have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect or impair Parents or
Newcos ability to consummate the Merger or other
transactions contemplated hereby.

(c) As of the date hereof, Parent and its
subsidiaries are not in violation of or default under
(x) their respective certificates or articles of
incorporation or organization or by-laws, (y) any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture or deed of trust, or (z) any
license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which Parent or any such subsidiary is a party or to which they
or any of their respective properties or assets may be subject,
except, in the case of clauses (y) and (z) above, for
such violations or defaults which would not, individually or in
the aggregate, either have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or
impair Parents or Newcos ability to consummate the
Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION
6.5.     
Commission Filings;
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Parent has filed all
required forms, reports and documents with the SEC since
Parents Registration Statement on Form S-1 relating
to its initial public offering was declared effective by the SEC
on April 4, 2000, including, in the form filed with the SEC
together with any amendments thereto, (i) its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3,
2002 (the 
Parent 10-K
), (ii) the proxy
statement relating to Parents annual meeting of
shareholders held on June 5, 2002 (the 
Parent
Current Proxy
), (iii) its Current Report on
Form 8-K dated August 29, 2002 (the 
Parent
Current 8-K
), (iv) its Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended May 5, 2002,
August 4, 2002 and November 3, 2002 (the

Parent Current 10-Qs
 and, together with the
Parent 10-K, the Parent Current Proxy and the Parent Current
8-K, the 
Parent Current SEC Reports
) and
(iv) all other reports or registration statements filed by
Parent with the SEC since April 4, 2000 (collectively, the

Parent SEC Reports
), all of which complied
when filed in all material respects with all applicable
requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and/or the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act (with respect to the provisions of such act
required to be complied with at the time such forms, reports
and/or documents were required to be filed) and, to the
knowledge of Parent, the statements contained in or accompanying
the Parent Current SEC Reports in accordance with
Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are true and
correct. The audited consolidated financial statements and
unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Parent
and its subsidiaries included in such Parent SEC Reports were
prepared in accordance with GAAP during the periods involved
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto and except, in
the case of such unaudited consolidated interim financial
statements, for the omission of normal year-end adjustments) and
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
and results of operations and cash flows of Parent and its
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at the respective dates and
for the respective periods indicated (and in the case of all
such financial statements that are interim financial statements,
contain all adjustments so to present fairly). At the time of
effectiveness and/or filing with the SEC of such Parent SEC
Reports, none of the Parent SEC Reports contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. Parent has not received
any substantive comments from the SEC with respect to any of its
filings under the Exchange Act.

SECTION
6.6.     
Form S-4; Information
Statement. 
None of the information supplied or to be
supplied by or on behalf of Parent and Newco for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement will,
at the time the Registration Statement becomes effective under
the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
None of the information supplied or to be supplied by or on
behalf of Parent and Newco for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Information Statement will, at the dates mailed
to stockholders and at the Effective Time, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they are made, not misleading. Parent will promptly

A-20



inform the Company of the happening of any event
prior to the Effective Time which would render such information
regarding Parent or Newco incorrect in any material respect or
require the amendment of the Information Statement. The
Registration Statement and the Information Statement (except for
information relating solely to the Company) will comply as to
form in all material respects with the provisions of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

SECTION
6.7.     
Litigation. 
Except as
set forth in the Parent SEC Reports and except as would not have
a Parent Material Adverse Effect, there is no (i) claim,
action, suit or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of
Parent or any of its subsidiaries, threatened against or
relating to Parent or any of its subsidiaries before any court
or governmental or regulatory authority or body or arbitration
tribunal, or (ii) outstanding judgment, order, writ,
injunction or decree, or application, request or motion
therefor, of any court, governmental agency or arbitration
tribunal in a proceeding to which Parent, any subsidiary of
Parent or any of their respective assets was or is a party.

SECTION
6.8.     
Board Recommendation.

The Board of Directors of Parent has, by unanimous vote at a
telephonic meeting of such board duly held on January 23,
2003, approved and adopted this Agreement and the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby (including, without
limitation, the issuance of Parent Common Stock as a result of
the Merger). The Board of Directors of Newco has, by unanimous
written consent dated January 23, 2003, declared the
advisability of and approved and adopted this Agreement and the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

SECTION 6.9.     
Tax
Free Reorganization. 
None of Parent, Newco or any affiliate
of Parent or Newco has taken, agreed to take or will take any
action that would prevent the Merger from constituting a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code. None of Parent, Newco or any affiliate of Parent is aware
of any agreement, plan or other circumstance that would prevent
the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and, to the knowledge
of Parent, the Merger will so qualify.

ARTICLE VII

COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

SECTION
7.1.     
Conduct of Business of the
Company Pending the Merger. 
Except as contemplated by this
Agreement or as expressly agreed to in writing by Parent, during
the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, each of the Company and its subsidiaries will conduct its
respective operations according to its ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, and will use all
commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business
organization, to keep available the services of its officers and
employees and to maintain satisfactory relationships with
suppliers, distributors, customers and others having material
business relationships with it, if the loss of such business
relationship would have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and
will take no action which would impair the ability of the
parties to consummate the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, and except as otherwise expressly provided in
this Agreement, prior to the Effective Time, the Company will
not nor will it permit any of its subsidiaries to, without the
prior written consent of Parent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld:

(a) amend its certificate or articles of
    incorporation or organization or by-laws;

(b) authorize for issuance, issue, sell,
    deliver, grant any options for or otherwise agree or commit to
    issue, sell or deliver any shares of any class of its capital
    stock or any securities convertible into shares of any class of
    its capital stock except for the issuance of capital stock as
    may be required pursuant to any outstanding options or warrants
    of the Company issued in compliance with applicable securities
    laws;

(c) split, combine or reclassify any shares
    of its capital stock, declare, set aside or pay any dividend or
    other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any
    combination thereof) in

A-21



respect of its capital stock or purchase, redeem
    or otherwise acquire any shares of its own capital stock or of
    any of its subsidiaries, except as otherwise expressly provided
    in this Agreement;

(d) (i) create, incur, assume, maintain or
    permit to exist any debt for borrowed money; (ii) assume,
    guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible
    (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for the
    obligations of any other person except for its wholly owned
    subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and consistent
    with past practices; (iii) make any loans, advances or
    capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person;
    or (iv) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of capital
    stock of the Company or its subsidiaries;

(e) (i) increase in any manner the
    compensation of (x) any non-officer employee other than in
    the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or
    (y) any of its directors or officers; (ii) pay or
    agree to pay any pension, retirement allowance or other employee
    benefit not required, or enter into or agree to enter into any
    agreement or arrangement with such director or officer or
    employee, whether past or present, relating to any such pension,
    retirement allowance or other employee benefit, except as
    required under currently existing agreements, plans or
    arrangements; (iii) grant any severance or termination pay
    to (x) any non-officer employee other than in the ordinary
    course of business consistent with past practice or (y) any
    of its directors or officers; (iv) enter into any
    employment or severance agreement with (x) any employee or
    (y) any of its directors or officers; or (v) except as
    may be required to comply with applicable law, become obligated
    (other than pursuant to any new or renewed collective bargaining
    agreement) under any new pension plan, Welfare Plan,
    Multiemployer Plan, employee benefit plan, benefit arrangement,
    or similar plan or arrangement, which was not in existence on
    the date hereof, including any bonus, incentive, deferred
    compensation, stock purchase, stock option, stock appreciation
    right, group insurance, severance pay, retirement or other
    benefit plan, agreement or arrangement, or employment or
    consulting agreement with or for the benefit of any person, or
    amend any of such plans or any of such agreements in existence
    on the date hereof;

(f) except as otherwise expressly
    contemplated by this Agreement, enter into any other agreements,
    commitments or contracts, except agreements, commitments or
    contracts for the purchase, sale or lease of goods or services
    in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(g) except as contemplated by the first
    sentence of Section 5.13 hereof, enter into any franchise
    or similar agreement or arrangement;

(h) authorize, recommend, propose or
    announce an intention to authorize, recommend or propose, or
    enter into any agreement in principle or an agreement with
    respect to, any plan of liquidation or dissolution, any
    acquisition of a material amount of assets or securities, any
    sale, transfer, lease, license, pledge, mortgage, or other
    disposition or encumbrance of a material amount of assets or
    securities or any material change in its capitalization, or any
    entry into a material contract or any amendment or modification
    of any material contract or any release or relinquishment of any
    material contract rights;

(i) authorize any new capital expenditure or
    expenditures in an amount exceeding $50,000 in the aggregate,
    except that the foregoing shall not limit any capital
    expenditures required pursuant to existing contracts or capital
    expenditures in connection with stores that are already under
    construction;

(j) make any change in the accounting
    methods or accounting practices followed by the Company, except
    as may be required by GAAP or the rules and regulations of the
    SEC;

(k) settle or compromise any material
    federal, state, local, foreign or franchise Tax liability, make
    any new material Tax election, revoke or modify in any material
    manner any existing Tax election, or request or consent to a
    material change in any method of Tax accounting;

(l) take, cause or permit to be taken any
    action that could reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger
    from constituting a reorganization within the
    meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;

A-22



(m) knowingly do any act or omit to do any
    act that would result in a breach of any representation by the
    Company set forth in this Agreement; or

(n) agree, resolve or otherwise determine to
    do any of the foregoing.

SECTION 7.2.     
Preparation
of the Registration Statement.
 (a) As soon as
practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company,
Parent and Newco shall prepare and file with the SEC the
Registration Statement, in which the Information Statement shall
be included. Each of the Company, Parent and Newco shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration
Statement declared effective under the Securities Act as
promptly as practicable after such filing. The Information
Statement shall disclose that the Board of Directors of the
Company has voted in favor of approval and adoption of this
Agreement and the Merger, and that the Boards of Directors of
Parent and Newco have voted in favor of approval of the issuance
of Parent Common Stock in connection with the Merger. The
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Information Statement to be mailed to its stockholders as
promptly as practicable after the Registration Statement becomes
effective.

(b) The Company, Parent and Newco shall make
all necessary filings with respect to the Merger and the
transactions contemplated thereby under the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act and applicable state blue sky laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder. Parent shall also take any
action required to be taken under any applicable state
securities laws in connection with the issuance of Parent Common
Stock in connection with the Merger. No filing of, or amendment
or supplement to, the Registration Statement will be made by
Parent without providing the Company and its counsel the
opportunity to review and comment thereon and, with respect to
any material pertaining to the Company, without the
Companys written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld. Parent will advise the Company,
immediately after it receives notice thereof, of the time when
the Registration Statement has become effective or any
supplement or amendment has been filed, the issuance of any stop
order, the suspension of the qualification of the Parent Common
Stock issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or
sale in any jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC for
amendment of the Registration Statement or comments thereon and
responses thereto or requests by the SEC for additional
information. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any
information relating to the Company, Parent or Newco, or any of
their respective affiliates, officers or directors, should be
discovered by the Company, Parent or Newco which should be set
forth in an amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement so that such Registration Statement would not include
any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
the party which discovers such information shall promptly notify
the other parties hereto and an appropriate amendment or
supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed
with the SEC and, to the extent required by law, disseminated to
the stockholders of the Company.

SECTION 7.3.     
Letters
and Consents of the Companys Accountants.
 The Company
shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be
delivered to Parent all consents required from its independent
accountants necessary to effect the registration of the Parent
Common Stock and make any required filing with the SEC in
connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated
thereby.

SECTION 7.4.     
Additional
Agreements; Cooperation.
 (a) Subject to the terms and
conditions herein provided, each of the parties hereto agrees to
use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective
as promptly as commercially reasonable the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and to reasonably cooperate with
each other in connection with the foregoing, including using
commercially reasonable efforts (i) to obtain all necessary
waivers, consents and approvals from other parties to loan
agreements, material leases and other material contracts that
are specified in Section 7.4 to the Disclosure Schedule,
(ii) to obtain all necessary consents, approvals and
authorizations as are required to be obtained under any federal,
state or foreign law or regulations, (iii) to defend all
lawsuits or other legal proceedings challenging this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
(iv) to lift or rescind any injunction or restraining order
or other order adversely affecting the ability of the parties to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, (v) to
effect all necessary

A-23



registrations and filings and submissions of
information requested by governmental authorities,
(vi) provide all necessary information for the Registration
Statement and (vii) to fulfill all conditions to this
Agreement.

SECTION 7.5.     
Publicity.

The Company, on the one hand, and Parent and Newco, on the other
hand, agree to consult with each other in issuing any press
release and with respect to the general content of other public
statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby,
and shall not issue any such press release prior to such
consultation, except as may be required by law. The parties
agree that the initial press release to be issued with respect
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be in
the form previously agreed to by the parties.

SECTION 7.6.     
No
Solicitation.
 The Company agrees that it shall not, nor
shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor shall it
authorize or permit any officer, director or employee or any
investment banker, attorney, accountant, agent or other advisor
or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to,
(i) solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage the submission
of any Takeover Proposal (as hereinafter defined),
(ii) enter into any agreement with respect to a Takeover
Proposal or (iii) participate in any discussions or
negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any information
with respect to, or take any other action to facilitate any
inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or may
reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal. For
all purposes of this Agreement, 
Takeover
Proposal
 means any proposal for a merger,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination or other
similar transaction involving the Company or any of its
Significant Subsidiaries (as hereinafter defined) or any
proposal or offer to acquire, directly or indirectly, an equity
interest in, any voting securities of, or a substantial portion
of the assets of, the Company or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries. The Company immediately shall cease and cause to
be terminated all existing discussions or negotiations with any
persons conducted heretofore with respect to, or that could
reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal. As
used herein, a 
Significant Subsidiary
 means
any subsidiary of the Company that would constitute a
significant subsidiary within the meaning of
Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.

SECTION 7.7.     
Access
to Information; Confidentiality.
 (a) From the date of
this Agreement until the Effective Time, each of the Company and
Parent (on behalf of Parent and Newco), after reasonable notice,
will give the other party and its authorized representatives
(including counsel, environmental and other consultants,
accountants and auditors) reasonable access during normal
business hours to all facilities, personnel and operations and
to all books and records of it and its subsidiaries, will permit
the other party to make such inspections as it may reasonably
require and will cause its officers and those of its
subsidiaries, after reasonable notice, to furnish the other
party with such financial and operating data and other
information with respect to its business and properties as such
party may from time to time reasonably request. In the event
Parent and/or Newco or their authorized representatives perform
testing of any property owned or leased by the Company, Parent,
at Parents cost and expense, shall return such property to
its previous condition immediately following the conclusion of
such testing. Any such testing may be further limited by, and
must be conducted in conformance with, the provisions of any
applicable lease or other agreement to which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries is a party.

(b) All documents and information furnished
pursuant to this agreement shall be subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in the Confidentiality Agreement dated
January 7, 2003 between the Company and Parent (the

Confidentiality Agreement
).

SECTION 7.8.     
Indemnification
and Insurance.
 (a) Parent and the Surviving Corporation
shall maintain in effect the current provisions regarding
indemnification of officers and directors contained in the
certificate or articles of incorporation or organization and
by-laws of the Company and each of its subsidiaries and any
directors, officers or employees indemnification agreements of
the Company and its subsidiaries, and (b) for a period of
five years after the Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving
Corporation shall maintain in effect the policies of
directors and officers liability insurance and
fiduciary liability insurance maintained by the Company of at
least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and
conditions which are, in the aggregate, no less advantageous to
the insured in any material

A-24



respect than the policies currently in effect
with respect to claims arising from facts or events which
occurred on or before the Effective Time.

SECTION 7.9.     
Fees
and Expenses.
 Whether or not the Merger is consummated, the
Company and Parent shall bear their respective expenses incurred
in connection with the Merger, including, without limitation,
the preparation, execution and performance of this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, and all fees and expenses
of investment bankers, finders, brokers, agents,
representatives, counsel and accountants, except that Parent
shall bear and pay the costs and expenses incurred in connection
with the filing, printing and mailing of the Registration
Statement (including SEC filing fees). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event the Merger is consummated, none of the
Company or its subsidiaries (or, following the consummation of
the Merger, none of Parent, the Surviving Corporation or their
respective subsidiaries) shall be responsible for the following
fees, costs and expenses of the Company: (i) fees and
expenses of counsel for the Company in excess of $275,000 and
(ii) any fees of Kirlin Securities, Inc. in excess of
$200,000.

SECTION 7.10.     
Affiliates.

As soon as practicable after the date hereof, the Company shall
deliver to Parent a letter identifying all persons who are, at
the date of this Agreement or will be at the Effective Time,
affiliates of the Company for purposes of
Rule 145 under the Securities Act. The Company shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such person to
deliver to Parent as of the Closing Date a written agreement
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto.

SECTION 7.11.     
Director
and Officer Resignations.
 The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain the written resignation of each
individual serving as an officer or director of the Company
prior to the Effective Time, such resignation to take effect at
the Effective Time.

SECTION 7.12.     
NYSE
Listing.
 Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause the Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection with
the Merger to be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to
official notice of issuance, as promptly as practicable after
the date hereof, and in any event prior to the Closing Date.

SECTION 7.13.     
AMEX
Listing.
 Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause the publicly traded Company warrants issued pursuant to
the warrant agreement dated as of June 27, 2002 between the
Company and Continental Stock & Trust Company (the

Warrant Agreement
) to continue to be listed
on the American Stock Exchange after the Merger.

SECTION 7.14.     
Stockholder
Litigation.
 Each of the Company, on the one hand, and Parent
and Newco, on the other hand, shall give the other the
reasonable opportunity to participate in the defense of any
stockholder litigation against or in the name of the Company,
Parent or Newco, as applicable, and/or their respective
directors relating to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

ARTICLE VIII

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

SECTION 8.1.     
Conditions
to Each Partys Obligation to Effect the Merger.
 The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing
Date of the following conditions:

(a) No Injunctions or Restraints. No
    judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
    regulation entered, enacted, promulgated, enforced or issued by
    any court or other governmental entity of competent jurisdiction
    or other legal restraint or prohibition (collectively,
    
Restraints
) shall be in effect preventing the
    consummation of the Merger.

(b) Registration Statement. (i) The
    Registration Statement shall have become effective under the
    Securities Act and shall not be the subject of any stop order or
    proceedings seeking a stop order and no stop order or similar
    restraining order shall be threatened or entered by the SEC or
    any state

A-25



securities administration preventing the Merger
    and (ii) 20 business days shall have elapsed since the
    Information Statement shall have been mailed to holders of
    Company Common Stock.

(c) NYSE Listing. The shares of Parent
    Common Stock issuable to the Companys stockholders as
    contemplated by this Agreement shall have been approved for
    listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance.

(d) Employment and Registration Rights
    Agreements. Each of the Registration Rights Agreement and the
    Employment Agreements shall be in full force and effect. The
    Employment Agreements shall provide that the option agreement
    between the Company and Eugene ODonovan dated
    June 27, 2002 and the existing employment agreements
    between the Company and Eugene ODonovan and Susan
    ODonovan, each dated June 27, 2002, shall have been
    terminated prior to or concurrently with the Effective Time, in
    each case giving no effect to any provision contained therein
    which may provide for the receipt by either of them or any third
    party of any payment or other benefit triggered by or in
    connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
    the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions
    contemplated hereby or thereby.

(e) Indemnification Agreement. Eugene
    ODonovan shall have executed and delivered an
    indemnification agreement with Parent, substantially in the form
    of Exhibit C.

(f) Consents and Approvals. All necessary
    consents and approvals of any federal or any other governmental
    authority or any other third party required for the consummation
    of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement shall have been obtained, except for such consents and
    approvals the failure to obtain which individually or in the
    aggregate would not have a material adverse effect on the
    Surviving Corporation.

SECTION 8.2.     
Conditions
to Obligations of Parent and Newco.
 The obligation of Parent
and Newco to effect the Merger is further subject to
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

(a) Company Stockholder Approval Obtained.
    The Majority Stockholders Consent shall be in full force and
    effect and shall constitute requisite consent of the
    stockholders of the Company to the Merger and the adoption of
    this Agreement under the DGCL and the Companys Certificate
    of Incorporation and By-Laws.

(b) Representations and Warranties. The
    representations and warranties of the Company set forth herein,
    to the extent qualified with respect to materiality, shall be
    true and correct in all respects, and to the extent not so
    qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in
    each case as of the date of this Agreement and at and as of the
    Effective Time as if made at and as of such time (except to the
    extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of
    such date). The Company shall have delivered to Parent and Newco
    an officers certificate, in form and substance reasonably
    satisfactory to Parent and its counsel, to the effect of the
    matters stated in this Section 8.2(b), Section 8.2(c)
    and Section 8.2(d).

(c) Performance of Obligations of the
    Company. The Company shall have performed in all material
    respects all obligations required to be performed by it under
    this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.

(d) No Material Adverse Change. Except as
    disclosed in the Company SEC Reports or in the Companys
    December 2002 Financials, at any time after October 31,
    2002, there shall not have occurred any material adverse change
    in the business, assets, liabilities, results of operations,
    condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company
    and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(e) Affiliate Letters. Parent shall have
    received from each affiliate of the Company a written agreement
    substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto.

(f) Tax Opinion. Parent and Newco shall have
    received an opinion of Cahill Gordon & Reindel, counsel to
    Parent and Newco, and, together with the certificates of the
    Company and Parent attached thereto, substantially in the form
    of Exhibit D hereto dated on or about the Closing Date,
    based upon

A-26



such representations and assumptions as counsel
    may reasonably deem relevant, to the effect that the Merger will
    be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
    qualifying under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the
    Code; and that each of Parent, Newco and the Company will be a
    party to the reorganization within the meaning of
    Section 368(b) of the Code; that no gain or loss will be
    recognized by a stockholder of the Company on the exchange of
    Company Common Stock for the Merger Consideration pursuant to
    the Merger (except with respect to any cash received in lieu of
    a fractional share).

(g) 
Director and Officer
    Resignations.
 Parent and Newco shall have received the
    written resignation of each of the individuals serving as
    officers and directors of the Company prior to the Effective
    Time, such resignation to take effect at the Effective Time.

SECTION 8.3.     
Conditions
to Obligations of the Company.
 The obligation of the Company
to effect the Merger is further subject to satisfaction or
waiver of the following conditions:

(a) Representations and Warranties. The
    representations and warranties of Parent and Newco set forth
    herein, to the extent qualified with respect to materiality,
    shall be true and correct in all respects, and to the extent not
    so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects,
    in each case as of the date of this Agreement and at and as of
    the Effective Time as if made at and as of such time (except to
    the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case
    as of such date). Parent and Newco shall have delivered to the
    Company an officers certificate, in form and substance
    reasonably satisfactory to the Company and its counsel, to the
    effect of the matters stated in this Section 8.3(a),
    Section 8.3(b) and Section 8.3(c).

(b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and
    Newco. Parent and Newco shall have performed in all material
    respects all obligations required to be performed by them under
    this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.

(c) No Material Adverse Change. Except as
    disclosed in the Parent Current SEC Reports, at any time after
    February 3, 2002, there shall not have occurred any
    material adverse change in the business, assets, liabilities,
    results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or
    prospects of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(d) Tax Opinion. The Company shall have
    received an opinion of Company Counsel, dated on or about the
    Closing Date, together with the certificates of the Company and
    Parent attached thereto, and substantially in the form of
    Exhibit E hereto, based upon such representations and
    assumptions as counsel may reasonably deem relevant, to the
    effect that the Merger will be treated for federal income tax
    purposes as a reorganization qualifying under the provisions of
    Section 368(a) of the Code; that each of Parent, Newco and
    the Company will be a party to the reorganization within the
    meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code; and that no gain or
    loss will be recognized by a stockholder of the Company on the
    exchange of Company Common Stock for the Merger Consideration
    pursuant to the Merger (except with respect to any cash received
    in lieu of a fractional share).

(e) 
Warrant Agreement.
 Continental
    Stock & Trust Company shall have received the written
    consent of Parent relating to the assumption by Parent of the
    Companys obligations and duties under the Warrant
    Agreement.

A-27



ARTICLE IX

TERMINATION

SECTION 9.1.     
Termination.

This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time:

(a) by mutual written consent of the
    Company, Parent and Newco;

(b) by either the Company or Parent (on
    behalf of Parent and Newco):

(i) if the Merger shall not have been
    consummated by June 30, 2003; 
provided
,

however
, that the right to terminate this Agreement
    pursuant to this Section 9.1(b)(i) shall not be available
    to any party whose failure to perform any of its obligations
    under this Agreement results in the failure of the Merger to be
    consummated by such time; or

(ii) if any Restraint having any of the
    effects set forth in Section 8.1(a) shall be in effect and
    shall have become final and nonappealable;

(c) by Parent (on behalf of Parent and
    Newco), (i) if the Average Closing Price (as hereinafter
    defined) of Parent Common Stock exceeds $39.15 per share;

provided
, in the event Parent notifies the Company of its
    election to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
    Section 9.1(c), this Agreement shall not be terminated in
    the event the Company agrees in writing within five business
    days following the receipt of such notice to recompute the
    Exchange Ratio by dividing $5.88 by the Average Closing Price,
    and such recalculated amount shall be deemed to be the Exchange
    Ratio for all purposes under this Agreement and any other
    document entered into in connection with this transaction which
    references the Exchange Ratio;

(d) by Parent (on behalf of Parent and
    Newco), if the Company shall have breached or failed to perform
    in any material respect any of its representations, warranties,
    covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement (which
    breach is not cured within 15 business days after receipt by the
    Company of a written notice of such breach from Parent
    specifying the breach and requesting that it be cured);

(e) by the Company, if the Average Closing
    Price is less than $28.93 per share (the 
Floor Closing
    Price
); 
provided
, in the event the Company
    notifies Parent and Newco of its election to terminate this
    Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(e), this Agreement
    shall not be terminated in the event Parent and Newco agree in
    writing within five business days following the receipt of such
    notice to recompute the Exchange Ratio by dividing $4.34 by the
    Average Closing Price, and such recalculated amount shall be
    deemed to be the Exchange Ratio for all purposes under this
    Agreement and any other document entered into in connection with
    this transaction which references the Exchange Ratio; and

(f) by the Company, if Parent and/or Newco
    shall have breached or failed to perform in any material respect
    any of their representations, warranties, covenants or other
    agreements contained in this Agreement (which breach is not
    cured within 15 business days after receipt by Parent of a
    written notice of such breach from the Company specifying the
    breach and requesting that it be cured).

For purposes of this Section 9.1,

Average Closing Price
 means the average of
the last reported sale prices of Parent Common Stock as reported
on the NYSE for the five trading day period ending three trading
days prior to Closing.

SECTION 9.2.     
Effect
of Termination.
 The termination of this Agreement shall
become effective upon delivery to the other party of written
notice thereof. In the event of the termination of this
Agreement pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this
Article IX, this Agreement shall become void and have no
effect, with no liability on the part of any party or its
stockholders or directors or officers in respect thereof except
for agreements which survive the termination of this Agreement
and except for liability that Parent, Newco or the Company might
have arising from a breach of this Agreement.

A-28



ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.1. 
Nonsurvival of
Representations and Warranties.
 None of the representations
and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time.
This Section 10.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement
of the parties which by its terms contemplates performance after
the Effective Time.

SECTION 10.2. 
Waiver.
 At any time
prior to the Effective Date, the Company, on the one hand, and
Parent and Newco, on the other hand, may (i) extend the
time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the Company or Newco and Parent, as the case may be,
(ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties of the Company or Newco and Parent, as the case may
be, contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant
hereto, and (iii) subject to applicable law, waive
compliance with any of the agreements of the Company or Newco
and Parent, as the case may be, or with any conditions to their
own obligations contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a
party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only
if set forth in an instrument in writing duly authorized by and
signed on behalf of such party.

SECTION 10.3. 
Notices.
 (a) Any
notice or communication to any party hereto shall be duly given
if in writing and delivered in person or mailed by first class
mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested),
facsimile or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day
delivery, to such other partys address.

If to Parent or Newco:

Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.

370 Knollwood Street

Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27103

Facsimile No.: (336) 733-3791

Attention: Chief Operating Officer

with a copy to:

Cahill Gordon & Reindel

80 Pine Street

New York, New York 10005

Facsimile No.: (212) 269-5420

Attention: Gerald S. Tanenbaum, Esq.

If to the Company:

Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc.

2171 Monroe Avenue, Suite 205A

Rochester, New York 14618

Facsimile No.: (585) 442-1284

Attention: Eugene ODonovan

with a copy to:

Harter Secrest & Emery LLP

1600 Bausch & Lomb Place

Rochester, New York 14604-2711

Facsimile No.: (585) 232-2152

Attention: James M. Jenkins, Esq.

(b) All notices and communications will be
deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand,
if personally delivered; three business days after being
deposited in the mail, if mailed; when sent, if sent by
facsimile; and the next business day after timely delivery to
the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next
day delivery.

A-29



SECTION 10.4. 
Counterparts.
 This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

SECTION 10.5. 
Interpretation.
 The
headings of articles and sections herein are for convenience of
reference, do not constitute a part of this Agreement, and shall
not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.
As used in this Agreement, 
person
 means any
individual, corporation, limited or general partnership, joint
venture, association, joint stock company, trust, limited
liability company, unincorporated organization or government or
any agency or political subdivision thereof;

subsidiary
 of any person means (i) a
corporation more than 50% of the outstanding voting stock of
which is owned, directly or indirectly, by such person or by one
or more other subsidiaries of such person or by such person and
one or more subsidiaries thereof or (ii) any other person
(other than a corporation) in which such person, or one or more
other subsidiaries of such person or such person and one or more
other subsidiaries thereof, directly or indirectly, have at
least a majority ownership and voting power relating to the
policies, management and affairs thereof; and 
voting
stock
 of any person means capital stock of such person
which ordinarily has voting power for the election of directors
(or persons performing similar functions) of such person,
whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of
securities has such voting power by reason of any contingency.

SECTION 10.6. 
Amendment.
 This
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing
signed on behalf of each of the parties; 
provided,
however
, that any amendment to this Agreement shall be made
in compliance with Section 251(d) of the DGCL.

SECTION 10.7. 
No Third Party
Beneficiaries.
 Except for the indemnification and insurance
rights set forth under Section 7.8 which are specifically
intended to benefit the officers and directors of the Company,
nothing in this Agreement shall confer any rights upon any
person or entity which is not a party or permitted assignee of a
party to this Agreement.

SECTION 10.8. 
Governing Law.
 This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws.

SECTION 10.9. 
Enforcement.
 The
parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event
that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. The parties accordingly agree that the parties will be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of
this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions of this Agreement in any court of the United States
located in the State of Delaware, or in Delaware state court,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in equity. In addition, each of the parties
hereto (i) consents to submit itself to the personal
jurisdiction of any federal court located in the State of
Delaware if any dispute arises out of the Agreement or any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(ii) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such
personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from
any such court and (iii) agrees that it will not bring any
action relating to this Agreement in any court other than such a
federal or state court sitting in the State of Delaware.

SECTION 10.10. 
Entire Agreement.
 This
Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the
entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all other prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof.

SECTION 10.11. 
No Recourse Against
Others.
 To the fullest extent permitted by law, no director,
officer or employee, as such, of Parent, Newco or the Company or
any of their respective subsidiaries shall have any liability
for any obligations of Parent, Newco or the Company,
respectively, under this Agreement for any claim based on, in
respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation.

SECTION 10.12. 
Validity.
 The
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this
Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any
other provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full
force and effect.

A-30



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Merger Agreement to be executed by their duly
authorized officers all as of the day and year first above
written.

KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ SCOTT A. LIVENGOOD

Name: Scott A. Livengood

Title:

Chairman, President & CEO

OLIVER ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

/s/ RANDY S. CASSTEVENS

Name: Randy S. Casstevens

Title:

Vice President & Treasurer

MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC.

By: 

/s/ EUGENE ODONOVAN

Name: Eugene ODonovan

Title:

President and CEO

A-31



ANNEX B

FORM OF WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE STOCKHOLDERS
OF

MONTANA MILLS BREAD CO., INC.

In accordance with Section 228 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law, the undersigned, a stockholder
of Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), hereby consents to the following action
and approves of the resolution set forth below to the same
extent and to have the same force and effect as if such
resolution were adopted and approved by the vote of the
undersigned at a special meeting of stockholders of the Company
duly called and held for the purposes of acting upon proposals
to adopt and approve such resolution.

WHEREAS, the undersigned has received, read and
reviewed the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
January 23, 2003 by and among the Company, Krispy Kreme
Doughnuts, Inc. and Oliver Acquisition Corp. (the Merger
Agreement) relating to the merger of Oliver Acquisition
Corp. with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as
the surviving corporation (the Merger); it is hereby

RESOLVED, the undersigned hereby consents to,
approves and adopts together as one matter:

 

The Merger Agreement; and

 

The Merger and the transactions relating thereto
    as provided in the Merger Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed
this written consent as of the date written below and this
written consent is given in respect of the number of shares of
common stock of the Company specified below.

Name

Number of Shares:

Dated: January 23, 2003

B-1



ANNEX C

January 23, 2003

Board of Directors

Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc.

2171 Monroe Avenue

Suite 205A

Rochester, NY 14618

Dear Sirs:

We have been advised that, pursuant to the draft
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 23, 2003,
by and among Montana Mills Bread Co., Inc. (the
Company), Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.
(Krispy) and Krispys wholly-owned subsidiary,
Oliver Acquisition Corp. (Oliver) (the
Agreement), each issued and outstanding share of the
Companys common stock shall be converted into the right to
receive 0.1501 (the Exchange Ratio) shares of
Krispys common stock (the Proposed
Transaction).

We have been retained to render an opinion as to
whether, on the date of such opinion, the Exchange Ratio is
fair, from a financial point of view, to the non-controlling
stockholders of the Company.

We have not been requested to opine as to, and
our opinion does not in any manner address, the underlying
business decision of the Company to proceed with or effect the
Proposed Transaction. In addition, we have not been requested to
explore any alternatives to the Proposed Transaction. Further,
our opinion does not address the relative merits of the Proposed
Transaction as compared to any alternative business strategy
that might exist for the Company.

In arriving at our opinion, we took into account
our assessment of general economic, market and financial
conditions as well as our experience in connection with similar
transactions and securities valuations generally and, among
other things, reviewed documents relating to the Proposed
Transaction, including (i) the Agreement, and (ii) the
draft employment agreement to be entered into between the Chief
Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Secretary of
the Company and Krispy in conjunction with the Proposed
Transaction.

We also (i) reviewed publicly available
financial information and other data with respect to the
Company, including the report on form 10-QSB for the
quarterly period ended October 30, 2002, and Amendment
No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form SB-2,
dated June 24, 2002, (ii) reviewed publicly available
financial information and other data with respect to Krispy,
including the report on form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended November 3, 2002, and the annual report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2002,
(iii) reviewed and analyzed the Exchange Ratio and ranges
of derived implied consideration per share based upon historical
and potential future trading prices of Krispys common
stock, (iv) reviewed and analyzed the range of implied
consideration per share and derived a range of implied premiums
or discounts paid, (v) reviewed and analyzed certain
financial characteristics of

C-1



companies that were deemed to have
characteristics comparable to those of the Company and Krispy,
(vi) reviewed and analyzed certain financial terms of
transactions involving companies being acquired that were deemed
to have characteristics comparable to the Company,
(vii) reviewed and analyzed the Companys projected
unlevered free cash flows and prepared discounted cash flows,
(viii) reviewed and analyzed the relative financial
contributions of the Company and Krispy, (ix) reviewed and
discussed with representatives of the management of the Company
certain financial and operating information furnished by them,
including financial analyses and projections and related
assumptions with respect to the business, operations and
prospects of the Company, (x) considered the historical
financial results and present financial condition of the Company
and Krispy, (xi) reviewed certain publicly available
information concerning the trading of, and the trading market
for, the common stock of the Company, Krispy and companies
deemed comparable, (xii) inquired about and discussed the
Proposed Transaction and other matters related thereto with
Company management and its legal counsel, and
(xiii) performed such other analyses and examinations as
were deemed appropriate.

In arriving at our opinion, we have relied upon
and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information that was used without assuming
any responsibility for any independent verification of any such
information and we have further relied upon the assurances of
Company management that it is not aware of any facts or
circumstances that would make any such information inaccurate or
misleading. With respect to the financial projections utilized,
we assumed that such projections have been reasonably prepared
on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments, and that such projections provide a reasonable basis
upon which we could form an opinion. We have not made a physical
inspection of the properties and facilities of the Company or
Krispy, and have not made or obtained any evaluations or
appraisals of the assets and liabilities (contingent or
otherwise) of the Company or Krispy. We have assumed that the
Proposed Transaction will be consummated in a manner that
complies in all respects with the applicable provisions of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and all other applicable federal and state
statues, rules and regulations. In addition, based upon
discussions with the Company, it is assumed that the Proposed
Transaction will not be a taxable event to the Companys
stockholders. We have also assumed, with your consent, that the
Proposed Transaction will be consummated in accordance with the
terms described in the Agreement, without any further amendments
thereto, and without waiver by the Company of any of the
conditions to any obligations thereunder or that any such
revisions or waivers thereto will not be detrimental to the
Companys non-controlling stockholders.

Our opinion is necessarily based upon market,
economic and other conditions as they existed on, and could be
evaluated as of, January 23, 2003. Accordingly, although
subsequent developments may affect our opinion, we have not
assumed any obligation to update, review or reaffirm our opinion.

Our opinion is for the use and benefit of the
Board in connection with its consideration of the Proposed
Transaction and is not intended to be and does not constitute a
recommendation to any stockholder of the Company. We do not
express any opinion as to the underlying valuation or future
performance of the Company or Krispy or the price at which the
Company or Krispy common stock would trade at any time in the
future.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is
our opinion that, as of the date of this letter, the Exchange
Ratio is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
non-controlling stockholders of the Company.

In connection with our services, we have
previously received a retainer and will receive the balance of
our fee upon the rendering of this opinion. In addition, the
Company has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities that
may arise out of the rendering this opinion.

C-2



Our opinion is for the use and benefit of the
Board of Directors of the Company and is rendered to the Board
of Directors in connection with its consideration of the
Proposed Transaction and may not be used by the Company for any
other purpose or reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to
by the Company at any time, in any manner or for any purpose,
without the prior written consent of Capitalink, except that
this opinion may be reproduced in full in, and references to the
opinion and to Capitalink and its relationship with the Company
may be included in, any proxy materials, registration statements
or other materials relating to the Proposed Transaction that the
Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission.

Very truly yours,

/s/ CAPITALINK, L.C.

CAPITALINK, L.C.

C-3



PART II

INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN
PROSPECTUS

Item 20.

Indemnification of Directors and
    Officers.

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers.

The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.
(Krispy Kreme) provide that
Krispy Kremes directors and officers shall not be
personally liable to Krispy Kreme or its shareholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or
officer to the fullest extent permitted by North Carolina law.
Under Section 55-8-51 of the North Carolina Business
Corporation Act, Krispy Kreme may indemnify a present or
former director if he or she conducted himself or herself in
good faith and reasonably believed, in the case of conduct in
his or her official capacity, that his or her conduct was in
Krispy Kremes best interests. In all other cases, the
director must have believed that his or her conduct was at least
not opposed to Krispy Kremes best interests. In the
case of any criminal proceeding, the director must have had no
reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.
Krispy Kreme may not indemnify a director in connection
with a proceeding by or in the right of Krispy Kreme in
which the director was adjudged liable to Kri