URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/789388/000095013003001185/0000950130-03-001185.txt

 NUMBER:		03566443

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 BUSINESS CENTER DR
		CITY:			LAKE MARY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32746
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4073043235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 BUSINESS CENTER DR
		CITY:			LAKE MARY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32746

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000789388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				510267091
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1285 DRUMMERS LN
		STREET 2:		STE 300
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6103418700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1285 DRUMMERS LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUNDATA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860310

SC TO-T

dsctot.htm

SCHEDULE TO

SCHEDULE TO

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Schedule TO 
Tender Offer Statement under Section 14(d)(1) or 13(e)(1) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

H.T.E., Inc. 
(Name of Subject Company (issuer)) 

Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc. 
(Offeror) 

SunGard Data Systems Inc. 
(Parent of Offeror) 
(Names of Filing Persons) 

COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.01 PER SHARE 
(Title of Class of Securities) 

403926 10 8 
(CUSIP Number of Class of Securities) 

Lawrence A. Gross, Esquire 
SunGard Data
Systems Inc. 
1285 Drummers Lane 
Wayne, Pennsylvania 19087 
Tel: (610) 341-8700 
Fax: (610) 341-8115 
(Name, address, and telephone number of person authorized to receive notices 
and communications on
behalf of filing persons) 

copy to:

Francis E. Dehel, Esquire

Edward F. Spaniel, Jr., Esquire 
Blank Rome LLP 
One Logan Square 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103 
Tel: (215) 569-5500 
Fax: (215) 569-5555 

Calculation of Filing Fee 

Transaction valuation*

Amount of filing fee**

$127,675,765

$11,746.17

(*)

Estimated for purposes of calculating the amount of the filing fee only, in accordance with Rule 0-11(d) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act). The calculation of the transaction valuation assumes the purchase, at an offer price of $7.00 per share, of (i) 15,901,523 outstanding shares of common stock of H.T.E., Inc., (ii) 2,331,921 shares of common stock of
H.T.E., Inc. issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options and (iii) 5,951 shares of common stock of H.T.E., Inc. issuable under the H.T.E., Inc. 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

(**)

The amount of the filing fee, calculated in accordance with Rule 0-11 of the Exchange Act, is equal to $92 per $1,000,000 of the value of the transaction.

 

Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was previously paid. Identify
the previous filing by registration statement number or the form or schedule and the date of its filing. 

 

Check the box if the filing relates to preliminary communications made before the commencement of a tender offer. 

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the
statement relates: 

x

third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1. 

 

issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4. 

 

going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3. 

 

amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2. 

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results of the tender offer: 
 

ITEMS 1-9, AND ITEM 11. 

This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this
Schedule TO) relates to the offer by Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., a Florida corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (SunGard), to purchase all
of the outstanding shares of common stock (the Shares) of H.T.E., Inc., a Florida corporation (HTE), at a purchase price of $7.00 per Share, in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated February 14, 2003, and in the related Letter of Transmittal, copies of which are filed with this Schedule TO as Exhibits (a)(1) and (a)(2) hereto, respectively. This Schedule TO is being filed on behalf of the
Purchaser and SunGard. The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase, including Schedule I thereto, and the Letter of Transmittal are hereby incorporated by reference in answer to Items 1-9 and 11 of this Schedule TO. 

ITEM 10.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 12.    EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number

Description

(a)(1)

Offer to Purchase, dated February 14, 2003.

(a)(2)

Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(3)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(4)

Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(5)

Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(6)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(7)

Joint Press Release issued by SunGard Data Systems Inc. and H.T.E., Inc. on February 5, 2003.

(a)(8)

Summary Newspaper Advertisement published in The New York Times, National Edition, on February 14,
2003.

(a)(9)

Press Release issued by SunGard Data Systems Inc. on February 14, 2003.

(b)(1)

364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2002, among SunGard Data Systems Inc., certain banks and other
financial institutions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as Co-Documentation Agent, and Fleet National Bank,
as Co-Documentation Agent (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit filed with SunGard Data Systems Inc.s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 (Commission File No. 1-12989)).

(b)(2)

Amendment, dated as of September 30, 2002, to the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of January 25, 2002 and the
Three-Year Credit Agreement dated as of January 25, 2002, in each case among among SunGard Data Systems Inc., certain banks and other financial institutions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as
Syndication Agent, First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as Co-Documentation Agent, and Fleet National Bank, as Co-Documentation Agent.

(b)(3)

Amendment, dated as of January 10, 2003, to the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of January 25, 2002 among SunGard
Data Systems Inc., certain banks and other financial institutions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as
Co-Documentation Agent, and Fleet National Bank, as Co-Documentation Agent.

(b)(4)

Amended and Restated Three-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2003, among SunGard Data Systems Inc.,
certain banks and other financial institutions, JP Morgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as Co-Documentation Agent,
and Fleet National Bank, as Co-Documentation Agent.

Exhibit Number

Description

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 4, 2003, by and among SunGard Data Systems Inc., Lake Acquisition Corp.
Inc. and H.T.E., Inc.

(d)(2)

Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2003, by and among SunGard Data Systems Inc., Lake Acquisition
Corp. Inc., Bernard B. Markey, Joseph M. Loughry, III, L.A. Gornto, Jr., O.F. Ramos, Edward A. Moses, George P. Keeley and D. Van R. Morris.

(d)(3)

Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2003, by and among SunGard Data Systems Inc., Lake Acquisition
Corp. Inc., and Tyler Technologies, Inc.

(d)(4)

Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2003, by and among SunGard Data Systems Inc., Lake Acquisition
Corp. Inc., and Constellation Software, Inc.

(d)(5)

Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2002, between SunGard Data Systems Inc. and H.T.E.,
Inc.

(g)

Not applicable.

(h)

Not applicable.

SIGNATURES 

After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in
this statement is true, complete and correct. 

LAKE ACQUISITION CORP. INC.

By:

/s/  Richard C. Tarbox        

Name: Richard C. Tarbox

Title:   Vice President

SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS INC.

By:

/s/  Richard C. Tarbox        

Name: Richard C. Tarbox

Title:   Senior Vice President 

            Corporate Development

Dated: February
14, 2003 

INDEX TO
EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number

Description

(a)(1)

Offer to Purchase, dated February 14, 2003.

(a)(2)

Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(3)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(4)

Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(5)

Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(6)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(7)

Joint Press Release issued by SunGard Data Systems Inc. and H.T.E., Inc. on February 5, 2003.

(a)(8)

Summary Newspaper Advertisement published in The New York Times, National Edition, on February 14,
2003.

(a)(9)

Press Release issued by SunGard Data Systems Inc. on February 14, 2003.

(b)(1)

364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2002, among SunGard Data Systems Inc., certain banks and other
financial institutions, JP Morgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as Co-Documentation Agent, and Fleet National Bank,
as Co-Documentation Agent (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit filed with SunGard Data Systems Inc.s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 (Commission File No. 1-12989)).

(b)(2)

Amendment, dated as of September 30, 2002, to the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of January 25, 2002 and the
Three-Year Credit Agreement dated as of January 25, 2002, in each case among SunGard Data Systems Inc., certain banks and other financial institutions, JP Morgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication
Agent, First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as Co-Documentation Agent, and Fleet National Bank, as Co-Documentation Agent.

(b)(3)

Amendment, dated as of January 10, 2003, to the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of January 25, 2002 among SunGard
Data Systems Inc., certain banks and other financial institutions, JP Morgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as
Co-Documentation Agent, and Fleet National Bank, as Co-Documentation Agent.

(b)(4)

Amended and Restated Three-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2003, among SunGard Data Systems Inc.,
certain banks and other financial institutions, JP Morgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as Co-Documentation Agent,
and Fleet National Bank, as Co-Documentation Agent.

Exhibit Number

Description

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 4, 2003, by and among SunGard Data Systems Inc., Lake Acquisition Corp.
Inc. and H.T.E., Inc.

(d)(2)

Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2003, by and among SunGard Data Systems Inc., Lake Acquisition
Corp. Inc., Bernard B. Markey, Joseph M. Loughry, III, L.A. Gornto, Jr., O.F. Ramos, Edward A. Moses, George P. Keeley and D. Van R. Morris.

(d)(3)

Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2003, by and among SunGard Data Systems Inc., Lake Acquisition
Corp. Inc., and Tyler Technologies, Inc.

(d)(4)

Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2003, by and among SunGard Data Systems Inc., Lake Acquisition
Corp. Inc., and Constellation Software, Inc.

(d)(5)

Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2002, between SunGard Data Systems Inc. and H.T.E.,
Inc.

(g)

Not applicable.

(h)

Not applicable.

EX-99.(A)(1)

dex99a1.htm

OFFER TO PURCHASE

Offer To Purchase



Exhibit (a)(1) 
Offer to Purchase for Cash 

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 
of

H.T.E., Inc. 
by 
Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc. 
a wholly owned subsidiary of 

SunGard Data Systems Inc. 
at 
$7.00 Per Share 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, 
NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS 
EXTENDED. 

The
Offer (as defined in this Offer to Purchase) is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 4, 2003 (the Merger Agreement), by and among SunGard Data Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (SunGard),
Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., a Florida corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard (the Purchaser), and H.T.E., Inc., a Florida corporation (HTE), pursuant to which, following the purchase by the Purchaser of shares
of HTE common stock, par value $0.01 per share, in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of each of the conditions to the Offer set forth in the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser will be merged with and into HTE (the Merger), with HTE
surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of HTE common stock (other than shares owned by SunGard, the Purchaser, HTE or any wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard or HTE) will be
converted into the right to receive the price per share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

HTEs board of directors has, at a meeting held on February 1, 2003, by the unanimous vote of all directors of HTE, (i) determined
that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are fair to, and in the best interests of, the shareholders of HTE; (ii) adopted and approved the Merger Agreement and approved the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger; (iii) declared that the Merger Agreement is advisable; and (iv) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of HTE accept the Offer and tender their shares in the Offer. Accordingly, the HTE
board of directors unanimously recommends that the shareholders of HTE tender their shares of HTE common stock pursuant to the Offer and vote to adopt the Merger Agreement at any meeting of shareholders of HTE that may be called to consider such
adoption. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among
other things, there being validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in this Offer to Purchase) that number of shares of HTE common stock that, together with the
shares then solely beneficially owned by the Purchaser and SunGard (if any), represent a majority of the number of shares constituting the sum of all then outstanding shares plus all shares issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options
(which number of shares is referred to as HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares and which condition is referred to as the Minimum Condition). The Offer is also subject to other conditions described in Section 13 (Certain
Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. 

A summary of the principal terms of the Offer appears on pages 1 to 9. You should read this entire document carefully before deciding whether to tender your shares in the Offer. 



IMPORTANT 

Any shareholder of HTE who desires to tender all or any portion of such shareholders shares of HTE
common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer should either (i) complete and sign the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) for the Offer, which is enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, in accordance with the instructions contained in the
Letter of Transmittal (having such shareholders signature on the Letter of Transmittal guaranteed if required by Instruction 1 to the Letter of Transmittal), mail or deliver the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) and any other
required documents to the depositary for the Offer, Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A. (the Depositary), and either deliver the certificates representing such shares to the Depositary along with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile
copy of it) or tender such shares by book-entry transfer by following the procedures described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of HTE Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase, in each case prior to the Expiration Date of
the Offer, or (ii) request such shareholders broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee to effect the transaction for such shareholder. Any shareholder of HTE with shares of HTE common stock registered in the name of a broker,
dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee must contact that institution in order to tender such shares to the Purchaser in the Offer. 

Any shareholder of HTE who desires to tender shares of HTE common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer and whose certificates representing
such shares are not immediately available, or who cannot comply in a timely manner with the procedures for tendering shares by book-entry transfer, or who cannot deliver all required documents to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the
Offer, may tender such shares to the Purchaser in the Offer by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of HTE Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. 

Questions regarding the Offer, and requests for assistance in
connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent for the Offer at its address and telephone number set forth below. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and
other related materials may be obtained from the Information Agent. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is: 

D. F. King & Co., Inc. 
48 Wall Street 
New York, N.Y. 10005 

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550 
All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 755-7250 

ii 



 

Page

1.

Terms of the Offer 

2.

Procedures for Tendering Shares of HTE Common Stock in the Offer 

3.

Withdrawal Rights 

4.

Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares of HTE Common Stock 

5.

Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences 

6.

Price Range of Shares of HTE Common Stock; Dividends on Shares of HTE Common Stock 

7.

Effect of the Offer on the Market for Shares of HTE Common Stock; Nasdaq Listing of Shares of HTE Common Stock; Exchange Act Registration of Shares of HTE Common Stock; Margin Regulations

8.

Certain Information Concerning HTE 

9.

Certain Information Concerning the Purchaser and SunGard 

10.

Source and Amount of Funds 

11.

Background of the Offer 

12.

Purpose of the Offer; Plans for HTE; The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreements

13.

Certain Conditions to the Offer 

14.

Certain Legal Matters 

15.

Fees and Expenses 

16.

Miscellaneous 

iii 



SUMMARY TERM SHEET 

We are Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., and we are making an offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of
common stock of H.T.E., Inc. The following are some of the questions you, as a shareholder of HTE, may have about our offer and our answers to those questions. This Summary Term Sheet provides important and material information about our offer that
is described in more detail elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase, but this Summary Term Sheet may not include all of the information about our offer that is important to you. We urge you to carefully read the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and
the Letter of Transmittal for our offer because the information in this Summary Term Sheet is not complete. Additional important information about our offer is contained in the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal for
our offer. We have included cross-references in this Summary Term Sheet to other Sections of this Offer to Purchase to direct you to the sections of this Offer to Purchase in which a more complete description of the topics covered in this Summary
Term Sheet appear. 

Who is offering to buy my HTE shares?

Our name is Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc. We
are a Florida corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc. Since our organization, our only activities have been related to making a tender offer for all of the outstanding shares of common stock of HTE. SunGard is a global
leader in integrated information-technology solutions for financial services and is also a leading provider of information availability services. See Introduction and Section 9 (Certain Information Concerning the Purchaser and SunGard) of this Offer
to Purchase for more information about SunGard and us. 

How
many shares of HTE common stock are you offering to purchase? 

We are making an offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of HTE. See Introduction and Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

How much are you offering to pay for my shares of HTE common stock, what is
the form of payment and will I have to pay any fees or commissions if I tender my shares in your offer? 

We are offering to pay $7.00 per share in cash (without interest) for each share of your HTE common stock. If you are the record owner of
your shares and you tender them in our offer, you will not have to pay any brokerage fees or similar expenses to do so. If you own your shares through a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders your shares in our offer on your behalf, your
broker or nominee may charge you a fee for doing so. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine whether it will charge you a fee for tendering your shares in our offer. See Introduction and Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to
Purchase for more information. 

Do you have the financial
resources to pay for all of the shares of HTE common stock that you are offering to purchase? 

Yes. Our parent company, SunGard Data Systems Inc., will contribute or loan to us sufficient funds to pay for all of the shares of HTE
common stock that are accepted for payment by us in the offer and to make any payments for all of the shares of HTE common stock that are not purchased in our offer and that will be converted into the right to receive $7.00 per share in cash in the
merger described below, following the successful completion of our offer. SunGard expects to use its existing cash resources or funds borrowed under its existing line of credit, or a combination of both, to make these contributions or loans. Our
offer is not conditioned upon any financing arrangements or financing contingencies. See Section 10 (Source and Amount of Funds) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 



Is your financial condition
relevant to my decision whether to tender my shares of HTE common stock in your offer? 

No. We do not believe that our financial condition is relevant to your decision whether to tender your shares of HTE common stock in our offer because: 



cash is the only consideration that we are paying to the holders of HTE common stock in connection with our offer; 



we are offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of HTE common stock in our offer; 



our offer is not subject to any financing arrangements or financing contingencies; and 



SunGard has sufficient cash on hand and cash equivalents, or has sufficient availability under its existing line of credit, to provide us with the amount of cash
consideration payable to holders of HTE common stock in our offer and the merger described below. 

See Section 10 (Source and Amount of Funds) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

How long do I have to tender my shares of HTE common stock in your offer?

Unless we extend our offer, you will have
until 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, March 14, 2003, to tender your shares of HTE common stock in our offer. If you cannot deliver everything that is required to tender your shares by that time, you may be able to use a guaranteed
delivery procedure to tender your shares, as described in Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) and Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of HTE Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. 

Under what circumstances can or must you extend your offer?

We are permitted to (but not required to)
extend our offer beyond its initial expiration date of Friday, March 14, 2003: 



for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the Securities and Exchange Commission applicable to our offer;



for such amount of time as is reasonably necessary to cause all of the conditions to our offer to be satisfied; and 



for an additional period or periods of not more than 20 business days in the aggregate, if the sum of the number of shares of HTE common stock that have been
validly tendered and not withdrawn in our offer as of the scheduled or any extended expiration date of our offer, plus the number of shares of HTE common stock then solely beneficially owned by SunGard and us as of such date, represents a majority
of HTE adjusted outstanding shares (as described below) but less than 80% of HTEs adjusted outstanding shares as of such date. 

In addition, if any of the conditions to our offer have not been satisfied by 12:00 midnight, New York City
time, on Friday, March 14, 2003, the initial expiration date of our offer (or by any additional expiration date if the Offer is extended), we will extend our offer by 10 business days, if so requested by HTE in writing, but we are not required to
extend our offer more than one time at HTEs request. See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

At our option, we may (but are not required to) also provide for a subsequent offering period, and one or more extensions thereof,
following the expiration of and acceptance of shares tendered in our offer. During any subsequent offering period, if there is one, you could tender your shares to us for the same offer price payable in our offer. See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer)
of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 



How will I be notified if
you extend your offer? 

If we extend our
offer, we will inform the Depositary of that fact and will make a public announcement of the extension, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the day on which our offer was previously scheduled to expire. See
Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

What are the most significant conditions to your offer? 

We are not obligated to purchase any shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in our offer unless, prior to the expiration of our offer (as it may be extended), the number of shares validly
tendered in accordance with the terms of our offer and not properly withdrawn, together with the shares of HTE common stock then solely beneficially owned by SunGard and us, represents a majority of the number of shares constituting the sum of all
then outstanding shares of HTE common stock plus all shares of HTE common stock issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options (which number of shares we refer to in this Summary Term Sheet as the adjusted outstanding shares
of HTE, and which condition we refer to as the minimum condition in this Summary Term Sheet). 

Our offer is not subject to any financing arrangements or financing contingencies, but it is subject to a number of other conditions,
including with respect to the accuracy of HTEs representations and warranties in the merger agreement, HTEs compliance with its covenants set forth in the merger agreement, the absence of a material adverse effect on HTE and its
subsidiaries, and compliance with applicable antitrust law and regulations including the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended. See Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information
about these and other conditions to our offer. 

Without HTEs consent, we can waive any condition to our offer, other than the minimum condition. 

How do I tender my shares of HTE common stock in your offer? 

To tender all or any portion of your shares of HTE common stock in our offer, you must either deliver the
certificate or certificates representing your tendered shares, with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees,
and any other required documents, to the Depositary, Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., or tender your shares using the book-entry procedure described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of HTE Common Stock in the Offer), prior to the
expiration of our offer. 

If you hold your shares
of HTE common stock in street name through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee and you wish to tender all or any portion of your shares of HTE common stock in our offer, the broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee
that holds your shares must tender them on your behalf through the Depositary. 

If you cannot deliver the items that are required to be delivered to the Depositary by the expiration of our offer, you may obtain additional time to do so by having a broker, bank or other fiduciary
that is a member of the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or other eligible institution guarantee that the missing items will be received by the Depositary within three Nasdaq Stock Market trading days. You may use the Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery enclosed with this Offer to Purchase for this purpose. To tender shares of HTE common stock in this manner, however, the Depositary must receive the required items within such three trading day period. See Section 2 (Procedures
for Tendering Shares of HTE Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 



Can I withdraw shares that
I previously tendered in your offer? Until what time may I withdraw previously tendered shares? 

Yes. You can withdraw some or all of the shares of HTE common stock that you previously tendered in our offer at any time until the
expiration date of our offer as it may be extended. Further, if we have not accepted your shares for payment by April 15, 2003, you can withdraw them at any time after April 15, 2003. Once we accept your tendered shares for payment upon the
expiration of our offer, however, you will no longer be able to withdraw them. In addition, your right to withdraw your previously tendered shares will not apply to any subsequent offering period (which is not the same as an extension of our offer),
if one is provided. See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) and Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

How do I withdraw my previously tendered shares? 

To withdraw any shares of HTE common stock that you previously tendered in our offer, you (or, if your shares are held in street name, the
broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee that holds your shares) must deliver a written notice of withdrawal (or a facsimile copy of one), with the required information, to the Depositary while you still have the right to withdraw your
shares. See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) and Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Has HTEs board of directors approved your offer? 

Yes. Our offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 4, 2003, by and among SunGard, HTE and us.
HTEs board of directors has, by the unanimous vote of all directors of HTE: 



determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including our offer and the merger, are fair to and in the best
interests of HTE shareholders; 



adopted and approved the merger agreement and approved the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including our offer and the merger;



declared that the merger agreement is advisable; and 



resolved to recommend that the shareholders of HTE accept the Offer and tender their shares of HTE common stock in the Offer. 

Accordingly, HTEs board of directors unanimously
recommends that you accept our offer and tender your shares of HTE common stock pursuant to our offer and, if required, vote to adopt the merger agreement. 

The factors considered by HTEs board of directors in making the determinations and the recommendation described above are described
in HTEs Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is being mailed to the shareholders of HTE with this Offer to Purchase. Shareholders of HTE are urged to
carefully read HTEs Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 in its entirety. 

Broadview International LLC delivered an opinion to HTEs board of directors, dated February 3, 2003, to the effect that, as of such
date and subject to the assumptions and limitations stated in its written opinion, the offer price to be paid to shareholders whose shares of HTE common stock are accepted for payment in our offer and to be paid to shareholders in the merger was
fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of shares of HTE common stock. The opinion of Broadview International LLC is addressed only to the HTE board of directors. It relates only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
$7.00 in cash per share to be received by shareholders whose shares are accepted for payment in the Offer, and it does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to whether or not a shareholder should tender shares in our offer or as to
how a shareholder should vote at a shareholders meeting, if any, held in connection with a merger involving SunGard and/or the Purchaser and HTE. HTE shareholders are urged to read the opinion in its entirety. 



SunGard has
retained Broadview International LLC in connection with certain other acquisitions made by SunGard; however, Broadview International LLC was not engaged by, and did not represent, SunGard or the Purchaser with respect to the negotiations concerning
HTE or the fairness opinion issued to HTEs board of directors. See Introduction of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Have any shareholders of HTE already agreed to tender their shares in your offer? 

Yes. Each of HTEs directors, Tyler Technologies, Inc. and Constellation Software, Inc. have entered
into tender and voting agreements with SunGard and us pursuant to which they have agreed, in their capacity as shareholders of HTE, to tender all of their respective shares of HTE common stock, and, in the case of Tyler Technologies, Inc. and
Constellation Software, Inc., any additional shares of HTE common stock that they may acquire, in our offer. As of February 3, 2003, such directors and shareholders held in the aggregate 7,884,402 shares of HTE common stock, which represented
approximately 43.2% of all then outstanding shares of HTE common stock, including shares issuable upon exercise of HTE stock options and pursuant to HTEs 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

What are your plans if you successfully complete your offer but do not
acquire all of the outstanding shares of HTE common stock in your offer? 

If we successfully complete our offer and certain limited conditions are satisfied, as soon as practicable following the successful completion of our offer, we intend to merge with and into HTE. As a
result of that merger, (i) all of the outstanding shares of HTE common stock that are not tendered in our offer, other than shares that are owned by SunGard, HTE or us or any wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard or HTE, will be canceled and converted
into the right to receive $7.00 in cash, (ii) any shares of HTE common stock owned by SunGard, HTE or us will be canceled without consideration and (iii) each of our issued and outstanding shares of capital stock that are owned by SunGard will be
converted into one share of HTE common stock, as a result of which SunGard will own all of the issued and outstanding shares of HTE. 

Our obligation to merge with HTE following the successful completion of our offer is conditioned on the requisite adoption of the merger
agreement by HTEs shareholders under Florida law having been obtained and no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the completion of the merger having been issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction and remaining in effect, and there not being any law enacted or deemed applicable to the merger that makes completion of the merger illegal. If we successfully complete our offer, we will hold a sufficient number of shares of HTE common
stock to ensure that we will obtain the requisite adoption of the merger agreement by HTE shareholders under Florida law to complete the merger. In addition, if we own at least 80% of the outstanding shares of HTE common stock after purchasing
shares in our offer, we will not be required to obtain shareholder approval to complete the merger. 

If you successfully complete your offer, what will happen to HTEs board of directors? 

If we successfully complete our offer, under the merger agreement we are entitled to designate a number of individuals who will become
directors of HTE. The number of directors that we will be entitled to designate generally will comprise the same percentage of the total board of directors as the number of shares of HTE common stock we purchase in the offer comprises of HTEs
total outstanding shares. For example, if 75% of HTEs total outstanding shares are validly tendered and not withdrawn and are accepted by us for payment in our offer, we will be entitled to designate approximately 75% of the members of
HTEs board of directors. HTE has agreed to take all reasonable action necessary to ensure that our designees are elected or appointed to its board of directors. Therefore, if we successfully complete our offer, we will obtain control over the
management of HTE shortly thereafter. However, we have agreed in the merger agreement that we and HTE will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that at least two of the members of HTEs board of directors, at all times prior to the
completion of the merger, are individuals who were directors of HTE and were not officers or employees of HTE or any of its subsidiaries on February 4, 2003, the date of the merger agreement. After the election or appointment of the directors
designated by us to HTEs board of directors and prior to the completion of the 



merger, under the terms of the merger agreement, the approval of the individuals who were directors of HTE and were not officers or employees
of HTE or any of its subsidiaries on February 4, 2003 (which directors we refer to below as continuing HTE directors) will be required to (i) amend or terminate the merger agreement on behalf of HTE, (ii) extend the time for performance
of, or waive compliance with, any of the agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement for the benefit of HTE, (iii) authorize any required or permitted consent or action by HTEs board of directors under the merger agreement or
(iv) authorize any other action of HTE under the merger agreement which adversely affects the holders of shares of HTE common stock (other than SunGard or us), provided, that if for any reason there are no continuing HTE directors and
HTE has used commercially reasonable efforts to appoint continuing HTE directors, such actions may be effected by majority vote of HTEs entire board of directors. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for HTE; The Merger
Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreements) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

If I decide not to tender my shares of HTE common stock in your offer, how will your offer affect my shares? 

If we successfully complete our offer, but you do not tender your shares in our offer, and the merger takes
place, your shares will be canceled and converted into the right to receive the same amount of cash that you would have received had you tendered your shares in our offer. Therefore, if we complete the merger, the only difference to you between
having your shares accepted for payment in our offer and not doing so is that you will be paid earlier if you have your shares accepted for payment. 

Until such time, if ever, as we complete the merger, the number of shareholders of HTE and the number of shares of HTE common stock that
remain in the hands of the public may be so small that there may no longer be an active public trading market (or, possibly, any public trading market) for such shares. Also, shares of HTE common stock may no longer be eligible to be traded on the
Nasdaq National Market or any other securities exchange, and HTE may cease making filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise cease being required to comply with the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules relating to
publicly held companies. See Section 7 (Effect of the Offer on the Market for Shares of HTE Common Stock; Nasdaq Listing of Shares of HTE Common Stock; Exchange Act Registration of Shares of HTE Common Stock; Margin Regulations) and Section 12
(Purpose of the Offer; Plans for HTE; The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreements) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Are dissenters rights available in either your offer or the merger? 

Dissenters or appraisal rights are not available in connection with our offer or the merger. See
Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for HTE; The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreements) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

What are the United States federal income tax consequences of having my shares of HTE common stock accepted for payment in your offer?

The receipt of cash pursuant to our offer
(or the merger) will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign income or other tax laws.
Generally, for United States federal income tax purposes, a shareholder having his shares of HTE common stock accepted for payment in our offer or receiving cash in the merger will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of
cash received by the shareholder in our offer (or the merger) and the shareholders aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares tendered by the shareholder and accepted for payment in our offer (or converted into cash in the merger). Gain or
loss will be calculated separately for each block of shares tendered and accepted for payment in the offer (or converted into cash in the merger). See Section 5 (Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences) of this Offer to Purchase for
more information. 



Shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to them (including the application and effect of any state, local or foreign income and other tax laws) of our offer and the
merger. 

What is the market value of my shares of HTE
common stock? 

On February 4, 2003, the last
trading day before SunGard and HTE announced that they had entered into the merger agreement, the last sale price of shares of HTE common stock reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $4.74 per share; therefore, the offer price of $7.00 per share
represents a premium of 47.7% over the closing price of the HTE shares before announcement of the merger agreement. On February 13, 2003, the last full trading day prior to the commencement of our offer, the last sale price of shares of HTE common
stock reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $6.922 per share. We advise you to obtain a recent quotation for shares of HTE common stock when deciding whether to tender your shares in our offer. See Section 6 (Price Range of Shares of HTE Common
Stock; Dividends on Shares of HTE Common Stock) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Who can I contact if I have questions about your offer? 

You should contact the Information Agent for our offer at the address and telephone numbers listed below if you have any questions about
our offer. 

D. F. King & Co., Inc.

48 Wall Street 
New York, N.Y. 10005 

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550 
All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 755-7250



To: The Holders of Common Stock of H.T.E., Inc.: 

INTRODUCTION 

Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., a Florida corporation (the
Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (SunGard), hereby offers to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of H.T.E., Inc., a
Florida corporation (HTE), at a price of $7.00 per share, in cash, without interest thereon (the Offer Price), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of
Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, which, together with any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto, collectively constitute the Offer described in this Offer to Purchase. 

Tendering HTE shareholders whose shares of HTE common stock
are registered in their own names and who tender their shares directly to Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., which is acting as the Depositary for the Offer, will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions in connection with the Offer or,
except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer, transfer taxes on the sale of shares in the Offer. A shareholder of HTE who holds shares of HTE common stock through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other
nominee should consult with such institution to determine whether it will charge any service fees for tendering such shareholders shares to the Purchaser in the Offer. 

The Purchaser will pay all fees and expenses of the Depositary and D.F. King & Co., Inc., the information
agent for the Offer (the Information Agent), incurred in connection with the Offer. See Section 15 (Fees and Expenses) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 4, 2003, by and among
SunGard, the Purchaser and HTE (the Merger Agreement) pursuant to which, following the purchase by the Purchaser of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will be
merged with and into HTE (the Merger), with HTE surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard. As a result of the Merger, (i) each outstanding share of HTE common stock (other than shares owned by SunGard, the Purchaser,
HTE or any wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard or HTE) will be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, without interest thereon, (ii) any shares of HTE common stock owned by SunGard, the Purchaser or HTE will be canceled without
consideration and (iii) each issued and outstanding share of capital stock of the Purchaser that are owned by SunGard will be converted into one share of HTE common stock, as a result of which SunGard will own all of the issued and outstanding
shares of HTE. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for HTE; The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreements) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

HTEs board of directors has, at a meeting held on February 1, 2003, by the unanimous vote of all
directors of HTE, (i) determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are fair to, and in the best interests of, the shareholders of HTE; (ii) adopted and approved the Merger
Agreement and approved the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger; (iii) declared that the Merger Agreement is advisable; and (iv) resolved to recommend that the shareholders of HTE accept the Offer and tender their
shares in the Offer. Accordingly, HTEs board of directors unanimously recommends that the shareholders of HTE accept the Offer and tender their shares of HTE common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer and, if required, vote to adopt the Merger
Agreement. 



The factors
considered by HTEs board of directors in making the determinations and the recommendation described above are described in HTEs Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (the Schedule 14D-9), which has been
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is being mailed to the shareholders of HTE with this Offer to Purchase. Shareholders of HTE are urged to carefully read HTEs Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 in its
entirety. 

Broadview International LLC delivered
an opinion to HTEs board of directors, dated February 3, 2003, to the effect that, as of such date and subject to the assumptions and limitations stated in its written opinion, the Offer Price was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of shares of HTE common stock. The opinion of Broadview International LLC is addressed only to the HTE board of directors. It relates only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the $7.00 in cash per share to be received by
shareholders whose shares are accepted for payment in the Offer, and it does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to whether or not a shareholder should tender shares in the Offer or as to how a shareholder should vote at a
shareholders meeting, if any, held in connection with the Merger. HTE shareholders are urged to read the opinion in its entirety. 

SunGard has previously retained Broadview International LLC in connection with certain other acquisitions made by SunGard; however,
Broadview International LLC was not engaged by, and did not represent, SunGard or the Purchaser with respect to the negotiations concerning HTE or the fairness opinion issued to HTEs board of directors. During 2002, SunGard paid to Broadview
International LLC an annual retainer of $30,000 and approximately $5,000 in reimbursable expenses. During 2001, SunGard paid to Broadview an annual retainer of $30,000, fees of $4,125,000 in connection with SunGards November 2001 acquisition
of the availability solutions business of Comdisco, Inc., and approximately $5,000 in reimbursable expenses. During 2000, SunGard paid approximately $44,100 to Broadview in connection with an annual retainer and reimbursable expenses. In addition, a
director of SunGard, Bernard Goldstein, was a director of Broadview until his retirement in December 2002. Mr. Goldstein abstained from voting on the proposed transaction in his capacity as a director of SunGard. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being
validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of this Offer to Purchase) of the Offer (excluding shares tendered by notice of guaranteed delivery that have
not been delivered to the Depositary by the Expiration Date) that number of shares of HTE common stock that, together with the shares of HTE common stock then solely beneficially owned by the Purchaser and SunGard (if any), represent a majority of
the number of shares constituting the sum of all then outstanding shares of HTE common stock, plus all shares of HTE common stock issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options (which number of shares is referred to herein as HTEs
Adjusted Outstanding Shares and which condition is referred to herein as the Minimum Condition). The Offer is also subject to other conditions described in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to
Purchase. 

Each of HTEs directors, Tyler
Technologies, Inc. and Constellation Software, Inc. have entered into tender and voting agreements with SunGard and the Purchaser (the Tender and Voting Agreements) pursuant to which they have agreed, in their capacity as shareholders of
HTE, to tender all of their shares of HTE common stock and, in the case of Tyler Technologies, Inc. and Constellation Software, Inc., any additional shares of HTE common stock that they may acquire, to the Purchaser in the Offer. As of February 3,
2003, such directors and shareholders held in the aggregate 7,884,402 shares of HTE common stock, which represented approximately 43.2% of HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares as of such date. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for HTE;
The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreements) of this Offer to Purchase. 



Completion of
the Merger is subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions, including (i) the purchase of shares of HTE common stock by the Purchaser in the Offer and (ii) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of HTE common stock, if required by applicable law. If the Offer is successfully completed, the Purchaser will have sufficient voting power to adopt the Merger Agreement without the affirmative vote of any other
holder of HTE common stock. In addition, if the Purchaser owns 80% or more of the outstanding shares of HTE common stock after purchasing shares in the Offer, under applicable law, the Purchaser and SunGard will be able to complete the Merger
without obtaining the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the remaining holders of HTE common stock who have not tendered their shares of HTE common stock in the Offer. In such event, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, SunGard, the Purchaser
and HTE have agreed to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable after the successful completion of the Offer. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for HTE; The Merger Agreement;
The Tender and Voting Agreements) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

HTE has informed the Purchaser that, as of February 3, 2003, there were: (i) 15,901,523 shares of HTE common stock issued and outstanding; (ii) 2,331,921 shares of HTE common stock subject to
outstanding options; and (iii) up to 5,951 shares to be issued by HTE pursuant to HTEs 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Based upon the foregoing, the Minimum Condition will be satisfied if at least approximately 9,119,699 shares of HTE
common stock are validly tendered (including shares tendered pursuant to the Tender and Voting Agreements) and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer. Assuming that all 7,884,402 shares subject to the Tender and Voting Agreements
are validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, approximately 1,235,297 shares of HTE common stock (approximately 6.8% of HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares) must be validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to
the Expiration Date of the Offer to satisfy the Minimum Condition. The actual number of shares of HTE common stock that are required to be tendered to satisfy the Minimum Condition will depend upon the actual number of Adjusted Outstanding Shares
prior to the Expiration Date. 

Certain U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the sale of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer and the conversion of shares of HTE common stock into cash pursuant to the Merger are described in Section 5 (Certain United States Federal Income Tax
Consequences) of this Offer to Purchase. 

If,
between the date of the Merger Agreement and the date on which any particular share of HTE common stock is accepted for payment in the Offer, the outstanding shares of HTE common stock are changed into a different number or class of shares by reason
of any stock split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split, consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction, then the Offer Price will be appropriately adjusted to reflect such
change or transaction. 

This Offer to Purchase
and the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer contain important information about the Offer and should be read carefully and in their entirety before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. 



THE TENDER OFFER 

1.    Terms of the Offer 

Upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of such extension or amendment), the Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for all
shares of HTE common stock that are validly tendered on or prior to the Expiration Date and not theretofore withdrawn in accordance with the procedures for withdrawal described in Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase. The term
Expiration Date as used in this Offer to Purchase means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, March 14, 2003, unless and until the Purchaser extends the period of time during which the Offer is open in accordance with the terms
of the Merger Agreement, in which event the term Expiration Date as used in this Offer to Purchase will mean the latest time and date on which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire. 

If any of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied
by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, March 14, 2003, the initial expiration date of the Offer (or by any additional expiration date if the Offer is extended), the Purchaser will extend the Offer, by 10 business days, if so requested by
HTE in writing. 

Subject to the terms of the
Merger Agreement, the Purchaser expressly reserves the right (but is not obligated under the terms of the Merger Agreement or for any other reason) to increase the Offer Price, to waive conditions to the Offer, to extend the Offer or to make any
other changes in the terms and conditions of the Offer, at any time and from time to time, by giving oral or written notice of such increase or other change to the Depositary, except that, unless otherwise provided by the Merger Agreement or
previously approved by HTE in writing, the Purchaser may not make any change to the terms and conditions of the Offer in any manner adverse to the holders of HTE common stock or that (i) amends or waives the Minimum Condition, (ii) changes the form
of consideration to be paid, reduces the price per share of HTE common stock below the Offer Price or changes the number of shares of HTE common stock sought in the Offer, (iii) imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to the Minimum Condition
and the other conditions set forth in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer), or (iv) extends the Offer except as described herein or otherwise provided for in the Merger Agreement. 

If by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, March 14, 2003 (or by any other time and date then
scheduled as the Expiration Date), any or all of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied or waived, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the
Purchaser may (i) subject to the qualification described in the immediately preceding paragraph of this Offer to Purchase with respect to the Minimum Condition, waive all of the conditions to the Offer that remain unsatisfied and accept for payment
and pay for all shares of HTE common stock that have been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, (ii) extend the Offer and, subject to the right of holders of shares of HTE common stock previously tendered to
withdraw such tendered shares at any time prior to the Expiration Date, retain all of the shares that have been previously tendered and not properly withdrawn during the period or periods for which the Offer is extended, (iii) subject to the
qualifications described in the immediately preceding paragraph of this Offer to Purchase, amend the Offer or (iv) terminate the Offer in accordance with the Merger Agreement, not accept for payment or pay for any shares of HTE common stock and
return all previously tendered shares to the owners of such shares. 



The rights
reserved by the Purchaser by the two preceding paragraphs are in addition to its rights pursuant to Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. Any extension of the Offer, waiver of conditions to the Offer, amendment to
the Offer or termination will be followed as promptly as practicable by a public announcement thereof. An announcement in the case of an extension will be made no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the
previously scheduled Expiration Date. Without limiting the manner in which the Purchaser may choose to make any public announcement, subject to applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act), which require that material changes be promptly disseminated to holders of shares of HTE common stock), the Purchaser will have no obligation to publish, advertise or otherwise communicate any such public
announcement other than by issuing a release which it expects to release via the PR Newswire and/or Dow Jones news services. The phrase business day as used in this paragraph has the meaning set forth in Rule 14d-1 under the Exchange
Act. 

Under no circumstances will interest be
paid on the Offer Price for tendered shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer, regardless of any extension of, or amendment to, the Offer or any delay in paying for such shares. 

In the event that the Purchaser makes a material change in
the terms of the Offer or the information concerning the Offer, or waives a material condition to the Offer, the Purchaser will disseminate additional tender offer materials and extend the Offer to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and
14e-1 under the Exchange Act. The minimum period during which an Offer must remain open following a material change in the terms of such Offer or information concerning such Offer, other than a change in price or a change in the percentage of
securities sought, will depend upon the facts and circumstances then existing, including the relative materiality of the changed terms or information. With respect to a change in price or a change in the percentage of securities sought, a minimum
period of 10 business days is generally required under the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow for adequate dissemination to shareholders. 

Under Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act and subject to the conditions described in the following paragraphs of
this Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser may elect to provide for a subsequent offering period, immediately following the Expiration Date, of not less than three business days nor more than 20 business days in length. If provided, a subsequent offering
period would be an additional period of time, following the Expiration Date and the acceptance for payment of, and the payment for, any shares of HTE common stock that are validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the
Expiration Date, during which holders of shares of HTE common stock that were not previously tendered in the Offer may tender such shares to the Purchaser in exchange for the Offer Price on the same terms that applied to the Offer. A subsequent
offering period is not the same as an extension of the Offer, which will have been previously completed if a subsequent offering period is provided. The Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, any shares of HTE common stock that are validly
tendered to the Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if provided, as promptly as practicable after any such shares are validly tendered to the Purchaser during such subsequent offering period, for the same price paid to holders of shares
of HTE common stock that were validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, in cash. Holders of shares of HTE common stock that are validly tendered to the Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if
provided, will not have the right to withdraw such tendered shares. 

Under Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act, the Purchaser may provide for a subsequent offering period so long as, among other things, (i) the initial 20-business day period of the Offer has expired, (ii) the Purchaser offers the
same form and amount of consideration for shares of HTE common stock in the subsequent offering period that was offered in the Offer, (iii) the Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for all shares of HTE common stock that are validly
tendered to the Purchaser and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, (iv) the Purchaser announces the results of the Offer, including the approximate number and percentage of shares of HTE common stock that were validly tendered in the
Offer, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the Expiration Date and immediately begins the subsequent offering period 



on the next business day after the Expiration Date and (v) the Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for shares of HTE common stock
as they are tendered during the subsequent offering period. 

The Purchaser has not determined whether it will provide for a subsequent offering period following the expiration of the Offer, although it reserves the right to do so in its sole discretion. 

HTE has provided the Purchaser with a list and security
position listings of HTEs shareholders for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of shares of HTE common stock. This Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase and other materials related
to the Offer will be mailed to record holders of shares of HTE common stock, and will be furnished to brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and other nominees whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the list of HTEs
shareholders, or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agencys security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of shares of HTE common stock. 

2.    Procedures for Tendering Shares of HTE Common Stock in the Offer 

Valid Tender 

For a shareholder to validly tender shares of HTE common stock in the Offer: 



the certificate(s) representing the tendered shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed,
together with any required signature guarantees (as described below under the caption Signature Guarantees) and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this
Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date; 



in the case of a tender effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described below under the caption Book-Entry Transfer, (i) either the
Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees (as described below under the caption Signature Guarantees), or an Agents Message (as described
below under the caption Book-Entry Transfer), and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date and (ii) the
shares to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures (as described below under the caption Book-Entry Transfer) and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as described below under the caption Book-Entry
Transfer) must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date; or 



the tendering shareholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described below under the caption Guaranteed Delivery prior to the
Expiration Date. 

The valid tender
of shares of HTE common stock in accordance with one of the procedures described above will constitute a binding agreement between the tendering shareholder and the Purchaser upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer.

The method of delivery of shares of HTE common
stock to be tendered in the Offer, the Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through the Book-Entry Transfer Facility described below, is at the election and risk of the tendering shareholder. Shares of HTE
common stock to be tendered in the Offer will be deemed delivered only when actually received by the Depositary (including, in the case of a book-entry transfer, by Book-Entry Confirmation as described below). 
If delivery of shares is made by
mail, registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.



Book-Entry
Transfer 

The Depositary will establish an
account with respect to the shares of HTE common stock at The Depository Trust Company (the Book-Entry Transfer Facility) for purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any financial
institution that is a participant of the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys system may effect a book-entry delivery of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer by causing the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such shares into the
Depositarys account in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedures for such transfer. The confirmation of a book-entry transfer of shares into the Depositarys account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as
described above is sometimes referred to in this Offer to Purchase as a Book-Entry Confirmation. The term Agents Message as used in this Offer to Purchase means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry Confirmation, which states that (i) the Book-Entry Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys system
tendering the shares of HTE common stock that such participant has received the Letter of Transmittal, (ii) the participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and (iii) the Purchaser may enforce such agreement against such
participant. 

Although delivery of shares of HTE
common stock may be effected through book-entry transfer into the Depositarys account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly
executed, together with any required signature guarantees (as described below under the caption Signature Guarantees), or an Agents Message, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date to effect a valid tender of shares by book-entry. 
Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer
Facilitys procedures does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

Signature Guarantees 

No signature guarantee is required on the Letter of Transmittal that is being returned with shares of HTE common stock being tendered in the Offer if (i) the Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
shares of HTE common stock tendered with such Letter of Transmittal, unless such registered holder(s) has completed either the box labeled Special Payment Instructions or the box labeled Special Delivery Instructions on such
Letter of Transmittal or (ii) shares of HTE common stock are tendered for the account of a financial institution (including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents
Medallion Program, Nasdaq Stock Market Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program or by any other eligible guarantor institution, as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act (which we sometimes
refer to as Eligible Institutions in this Offer to Purchase). For purposes of the foregoing, a registered holder of shares of HTE common stock includes any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys system whose name appears
on a security position listing as the owner of such shares. In all other cases, all signatures on the Letter of Transmittal that is being returned with shares of HTE common stock being tendered in the Offer must be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase for more information. If certificates representing shares of HTE common stock being tendered in the Offer are registered in the name of a person
other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal that is being returned with such shares, or if payment is to be made or certificates representing shares of HTE common stock not being tendered or not accepted for payment are to be returned to a
person other than the registered holder of the certificates surrendered, the tendered certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names of the registered holders or owners
appear on such certificates, with the signatures on such certificates or stock powers guaranteed as aforesaid. See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase for more information. 



Guaranteed
Delivery 

If a shareholder desires to tender
shares of HTE common stock in the Offer and such shareholders certificates representing such shares are not immediately available, or the book-entry transfer procedures described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer cannot
be completed on a timely basis, or time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, such shareholder may tender such shares of HTE common stock if all the following conditions are met: 



such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution (as described above under the caption Signature Guarantees); 



a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, is received by the Depositary
at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date; and 



either (i) the certificates representing tendered shares of HTE common stock being tendered in the Offer, together with the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this
Offer to Purchase (or facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described above under the caption Signature Guarantees), and any other required documents, are received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase within three trading days (as described below) after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or (ii) in the case of a book-entry transfer
effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer, (1) either the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or facsimile copy of it), properly completed and
duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described above under the caption Signature Guarantees), or an Agents Message (as described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer), and any other required
documents, is received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase, and (2) such shares are delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described above under the caption Book-Entry
Transfer and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer) is received by the Depositary, in each case within three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery. For purposes of the foregoing, a trading day is any day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market is open for business. 

The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery described above may be delivered by hand or transmitted by telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to
the Depositary, and must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution (as described above under the caption Signature Guarantees) in the form set forth in such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. 
If delivery is by mail, registered mail
with return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

The method of delivery of share certificates, the Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents is at the option and risk of the
tendering shareholder, and delivery will be deemed made only when actually received by the Depositary. 

Other Requirements 

Notwithstanding any provision hereof, in all cases payment for shares of HTE common stock that are accepted for payment in the Offer will
be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of the following: 



certificates for such shares, or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation (as described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer) with respect to such
shares; 



the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature
guarantees (as described above under the caption Signature Guarantees), or in the case of a Book-Entry Transfer, an Agents Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal (as described above under the caption Book-Entry
Transfer); and 



any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. 



Accordingly, tendering shareholders may be paid at different times depending upon when
certificates for shares of HTE common stock being tendered in the Offer or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to shares of HTE common stock being tendered in the Offer are actually received by the Depositary. 

Under no circumstances will interest be paid by the
Purchaser on the Offer Price payable in respect of shares of HTE common stock being tendered in the Offer, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment. 

Appointment 

By executing and returning the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), or in the case of a
book-entry transfer, by delivery of an Agents Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal (as described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer), a shareholder tendering shares of HTE common stock in the Offer will be
irrevocably appointing designees of the Purchaser as such shareholders attorneys-in-fact and proxies in the manner described in the Letter of Transmittal, each with full power of substitution, to the full extent of such shareholders
rights with respect to the shares of HTE common stock being tendered by such shareholder and accepted for payment by the Purchaser and with respect to any and all other shares of HTE common stock or other securities or rights issued or issuable in
respect of such shares on or after the date of this Offer to Purchase. All such proxies will be considered coupled with an interest in the shares of HTE common stock being tendered. Such appointment will be effective if, when, and only to the extent
that, the Purchaser accepts for payment the shares of HTE common stock being tendered by such shareholder as provided in this Offer to Purchase. Upon the effectiveness of such appointment, all prior powers of attorney, proxies and consents given by
such shareholder with respect to such shares of HTE common stock or other securities or rights will, without further action, be revoked and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be given (and, if given, will not be
effective). The designees of the Purchaser will thereby be empowered to exercise all voting and other rights with respect to such shares of HTE common stock and other securities or rights in respect of any annual, special or adjourned meeting of
HTEs shareholders, actions by written consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise, as they in their sole discretion deem proper. The Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for shares of HTE common stock to be deemed
validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchasers acceptance for payment of such shares, the Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights with respect to such shares and other securities or rights, including voting
at any meeting of shareholders. 

Determination of
Validity 

All questions as to the validity, form,
eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance of any tender of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer will be determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion, which determination will be final and binding. The Purchaser reserves the
absolute right to reject any or all tenders of shares of HTE common stock determined by it not to be in proper form or the acceptance for payment of or payment for which may, in the opinion of the Purchaser, be unlawful. The Purchaser also reserves
the absolute right to waive any defect or irregularity in the tender of any shares of HTE common stock of any particular shareholder, whether or not similar defects or irregularities are waived in the case of other shareholders. No tender of shares
of HTE common stock in the Offer will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects or irregularities relating thereto have been cured or waived. None of the Purchaser, SunGard, HTE, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person
will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. The Purchasers interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer (including the
Letter of Transmittal and the instructions thereto and any other documents related to the Offer) will be final and binding. 



Backup
Withholding 

In order to avoid backup withholding
of United States federal income tax on payments of cash in connection with the Offer, a shareholder whose shares of HTE common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer who is a U.S. citizen or a U.S. resident alien must, unless an exemption
applies, provide the Depositary with such shareholders correct taxpayer identification number on a Substitute Form W-9 and certify under penalty of perjury that such taxpayer identification number is correct and that such shareholder is not
subject to backup withholding. If a shareholder does not provide such shareholders correct taxpayer identification number or fails to provide the certifications described above, the United States Internal Revenue Service may impose a penalty
on such shareholder and the payment of cash to such shareholder in connection with the Offer may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 30%. All shareholders tendering shares of HTE common stock in the Offer should complete and sign the main
signature form and the Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase to provide the information and certification necessary to avoid backup withholding (unless an applicable exemption exists
and is proved in a manner satisfactory to the Purchaser and the Depositary). Certain shareholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding. Shareholders who are
not U.S. citizens or U.S. resident aliens should complete, sign and return to the Depositary the main signature form and a Form W-8BEN, Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding, copies of which may be
obtained by contacting the Depositary, to provide the information and certification necessary to avoid backup withholding. See Instruction 9 to the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase. 

3.    Withdrawal Rights 

Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3, tenders of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer are irrevocable. Shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures
described below at any time prior to the Expiration Date (as it may be extended), and shares that are tendered may also be withdrawn at any time after April 15, 2003, unless accepted for payment on or before that date as provided in this Offer to
Purchase. In the event that the Purchaser provides for a subsequent offering period following the successful completion of the Offer, (i) no withdrawal rights will apply to shares tendered during such subsequent offering period and (ii) no
withdrawal rights will apply to shares that were previously tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. 

For a withdrawal of shares of HTE common stock previously tendered in the Offer to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission
notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase, specifying the name of the person having tendered the shares to be withdrawn, the number of shares to be
withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the shares to be withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who tendered the shares. If certificates for shares have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to
the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such shares have been tendered by an Eligible Institution, any and all signatures on the notice of withdrawal
must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If shares have been tendered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in Section 2 of this Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn shares and otherwise comply with the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedures. 

All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal will be
determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion, which determination will be final and binding. None of the Purchaser, SunGard, HTE, the Depositary for the Offer, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give
notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. 



Withdrawals of
shares of HTE common stock may not be rescinded. Any shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed to not have been validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn shares may be re-tendered at any time prior to the Expiration
Date by following one of the procedures described in Section 2 hereof. 

4.    Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares of HTE Common Stock 

On the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of
any such extension or amendment), promptly after the Expiration Date, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, all shares of HTE common stock validly tendered to the Purchaser in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the
Expiration Date. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to delay acceptance for payment of or the payment for shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer in
order to comply with any applicable antitrust law or obtain any necessary governmental regulatory approval, including, without limitation, pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended. See Section 14 (Certain
Legal Matters) of this Offer to Purchase. Any such delays will be effected in compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to a bidders obligation to pay for or return tendered securities promptly after the termination or
withdrawal of such bidders offer). 

In all
cases, payment for shares of HTE common stock that are accepted for payment in the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of: 



the certificates representing such shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly
completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of HTE Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase under the caption Signature Guarantees); or



in the case of a transfer effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures as described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of HTE Common Stock in
the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase under the caption Book-Entry Transfer a Book-Entry Confirmation and either the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly
executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described in Section 2 of this Offer to Purchase under the caption Signature Guarantees) or an Agents Message, and any other required documents. 

Accordingly, shareholders tendering shares of HTE common stock
in the Offer may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for shares or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to shares are actually received by the Depositary. 

The per share consideration paid to any shareholder in the Offer will be the highest per share consideration
paid to any other shareholder in the Offer. 

For
purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, shares of HTE common stock that are validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date as, if and when the
Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of the Purchasers acceptance for payment of such shares. On the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, payment for shares of HTE common stock that are accepted for payment
in the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as an agent for shareholders tendering shares in the Offer for the purpose of receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting payment to
such shareholders whose shares of HTE common stock have been accepted for payment in the Offer. 



Under no
circumstances will interest be paid on the Offer Price for shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer, regardless of any extension of, or amendment to, the Offer or any delay in paying for such shares. 

If the Purchaser is delayed in its acceptance for payment of,
or payment for, shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer, or is unable to accept for payment, or pay for, shares that are tendered in the Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to the Purchasers rights under the Offer
(but subject to compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to a bidders obligation to pay for or return tendered securities promptly after the termination or withdrawal of such bidders offer) and the terms of the
Merger Agreement), the Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of the Purchaser, retain shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer, and such shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent that shareholders tendering such shares are
entitled to do so as described in Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase. 

If any shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer are not accepted for payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Offer for any reason, the certificates for such shares will be
returned (and, if certificates are submitted for more shares than are tendered, new certificates for the shares not tendered will be sent) in each case without expense to the shareholder tendering such shares (or, in the case of shares delivered by
book-entry transfer of such shares into the Depositarys account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures, such shares will be credited to an account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility), as
promptly as practicable after the expiration or termination of the Offer. 

5.    Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences 

The receipt of cash in the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (which we sometimes refer to as the IRC in this Offer to Purchase), and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign income or other tax laws. Generally, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, a U.S. shareholder whose shares of HTE common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received by the shareholder in the Offer or the
Merger and the shareholders aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares tendered by the shareholder and accepted for payment in the Offer or converted into cash in the Merger, as the case may be. Gain or loss will be calculated separately for
each block of shares tendered and accepted for payment in the offer or converted into cash in the merger, as the case may be. 

If shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer are held by a tendering U.S. shareholder as capital assets, gain or loss
recognized by such shareholder will be capital gain or loss, which will be long-term capital gain or loss if such shareholders holding period for such shares exceeds one year. In the case of a tendering non-corporate shareholder, long-term
capital gains will be eligible for a maximum United States federal income tax rate of 20%. In addition, there are limits on the deductibility of capital losses. 

A shareholder (other than certain exempt shareholders including, among others, all corporations and certain
foreign individuals) that tenders shares of HTE common stock in the Offer may be subject to 30% backup withholding unless such shareholder provides such shareholders taxpayer identification number and certifies under penalty of perjury that
such taxpayer identification number is correct (or properly certifies that it is awaiting a taxpayer identification number) and certifies as to no loss of exemption from backup withholding and otherwise complies with the applicable requirements of
the backup withholding rules. A shareholder whose shares of HTE common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer which does not furnish a required taxpayer identification number or which does not otherwise establish a basis for an exemption from
backup withholding may be subject to a penalty imposed by the United States Internal Revenue Service. See Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of HTE Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase under the caption Backup
Withholding. Each shareholder that is tendering shares of HTE common stock in the Offer who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien should complete and sign the Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with
this Offer to Purchase to provide the information and certification necessary to avoid 



backup withholding. Shareholders who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. resident aliens should complete, sign and return to the Depositary a Form
W-8BEN, Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding, copies of which may be obtained by contacting the Depositary, in order to avoid backup withholding. 

If backup withholding applies to a shareholder that is
tendering shares of HTE common stock in the Merger, the Depositary is required to withhold 30% of any amounts that would otherwise be paid to such shareholder in connection with the Offer. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the
amount of the backup withholding can be credited against the U.S. federal income tax liability of the person subject to the backup withholding, provided that the required information is given to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. If backup
withholding results in an overpayment of tax, the shareholder subject to such backup withholding can obtain a refund by filing a U.S. federal income tax return. 

The foregoing description is based on the IRC, regulations issued thereunder, judicial decisions and
administrative rulings, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The foregoing description may not be applicable with respect to shares of HTE common stock that are received pursuant to the exercise of employee stock
options or otherwise as compensation or with respect to holders of shares of HTE common stock who are subject to special tax treatment under the IRCsuch as non-U.S. persons, insurance companies, dealers or brokers in securities or currencies,
tax-exempt organizations and financial institutionsand may not apply to a holder of shares of HTE common stock in light of individual circumstances, such as holding shares of HTE common stock as a hedge or as part of a hedging, straddle,
conversion, synthetic security, integrated investment or other risk-reduction transaction. 

Shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to them (including the application and effect of any state, local or foreign income and other
tax laws) of the Offer and the Merger. 

6.    Price Range of Shares of HTE Common Stock; Dividends on Shares of HTE Common Stock 

Shares of HTE common stock are listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol HTEI. The following table sets forth, for each of the
periods indicated, the high and low sales prices per share of HTE common stock on the Nasdaq National Market. 

Stock Price Range

Low

High

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001:

First Quarter

$

0.875

$

2.375

Second Quarter

1.250

3.130

Third Quarter

1.570

2.990

Fourth Quarter

1.100

2.250

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2002:

First Quarter

1.890

4.940

Second Quarter

4.110

7.150

Third Quarter

3.310

5.990

Fourth Quarter

2.750

5.300

Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2003:

First Quarter (through February 13, 2003)

4.350

6.940



On February 4,
2003, the last trading day before SunGard and HTE announced that they had entered into the Merger Agreement, the last sale price of shares of HTE common stock reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $4.74 per share; therefore, the Offer Price of
$7.00 per share represents a premium of 47.7% over the last closing price of the HTE shares before announcement of the Merger Agreement. On February 13, 2003, the last full trading day prior to the commencement of the Offer, the last sale price of
shares of HTE common stock reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $6.922 per share. 
Shareholders are urged to obtain current market quotations for shares of HTE common stock before making a decision with respect to the Offer.

HTE has never declared or paid any cash
dividends on its capital stock. In addition, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, HTE is not permitted to declare or pay dividends in respect of shares of its common stock. 

7.    Effect of the Offer on the Market for Shares of HTE Common Stock; Nasdaq Listing of Shares of 
HTE Common Stock; Exchange Act Registration of Shares of HTE Common Stock; Margin Regulations 

Effect of the Offer on the Market for Shares of HTE Common Stock 

The purchase of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer will reduce the number of holders of shares of HTE
common stock and the number of shares of HTE common stock that might otherwise trade publicly and could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining shares of HTE common stock held by the public. 

Nasdaq Listing of Shares of HTE Common Stock 

SunGard intends to cause all shares of HTE common stock to be
delisted from the Nasdaq National Market promptly upon completion of the Merger. 

Even if the Merger is not completed, if shares of HTE common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer, HTE may no longer meet the requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq National Market,
depending upon the number of shares accepted for payment in the Offer. According to Nasdaqs published guidelines, Nasdaq would consider disqualifying shares of HTE common stock for listing on the Nasdaq National Market if, among other possible
grounds, the number of publicly held shares of HTE common stock falls below 750,000, the total number of beneficial holders of round lots of shares of HTE common stock falls below 400, or the market value of publicly held shares of HTE common stock
over a 30-consecutive business day period is less than $5,000,000. Shares of HTE common stock that are held by directors or officers of HTE, or by any beneficial owner of more than 10% of the shares of HTE common stock, are not considered to be
publicly held for this purpose. According to HTE, as of February 3, 2003, there were 15,901,523 shares of its common stock outstanding. If, as a result of the purchase of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer or otherwise, the shares of HTE common
stock no longer meet the requirements of Nasdaq for continued listing and such shares are either no longer eligible for the Nasdaq National Market or are delisted from Nasdaq altogether, the market for shares of HTE common stock will be adversely
affected. 

If Nasdaq were to delist shares of HTE
common stock, it is possible that such shares would continue to trade on other securities exchanges or in the over-the-counter market and that price quotations would be reported by such exchanges. Under such circumstances, however, the extent of the
public market for shares of HTE common stock and the availability of such quotations would depend upon the number of holders of such shares remaining at such time, the level of interest in maintaining a market in such shares on the part of
securities firms, the possible termination of registration of such shares under the Exchange Act (as described below) and other factors. 

Exchange Act Registration of HTE Common Stock 

HTE common stock is currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such registration may be terminated upon application of HTE to the
Securities and Exchange Commission if shares of HTE common stock are neither listed on a national securities exchange nor held by 300 or more holders of record. Termination of registration of shares of HTE common stock under the Exchange Act would
reduce the information required to be furnished by 



HTE to its shareholders and to the Securities and Exchange Commission and would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act no longer
applicable to HTE, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the requirement of furnishing a proxy or information statement pursuant to sections 14(a) and 14(c) of the Exchange Act in connection with
meetings of HTEs shareholders and the related requirement of furnishing an annual report to HTEs shareholders, and the requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect to going private transactions. Furthermore, the ability
of affiliates of HTE and persons holding restricted securities of HTE to dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 or 144A promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be impaired or eliminated if HTE common stock is no longer
registered under the Exchange Act. The Purchaser intends to seek to cause HTE to apply for termination of registration of HTE common stock under the Exchange Act as soon after the successful completion of the Merger as the requirements for such
termination are met. 

Margin Regulations

Shares of HTE common stock are currently margin
securities under the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (which we sometimes refer to as the Federal Reserve Board in this Offer to Purchase), which has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers
to extend credit on the collateral of shares of HTE common stock. Depending upon factors similar to those described above regarding listing and market quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer, shares of HTE common stock would no longer
constitute margin securities for the purposes of the margin regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral for loans made by brokers. 

8.    Certain Information Concerning HTE 

General 

HTE is a Florida corporation with its principal executive offices located at 1000 Business Center Drive, Lake Mary, Florida 32746. HTEs telephone number at that address is (407) 304-3235. 

HTE was incorporated in Florida on October 21, 1981. HTE
develops, markets, implements and supports fully-integrated enterprise-wide application software, Internet and wireless solutions designed specifically for public sector organizations, including state, county and city governments, other municipal
agencies and both public and private utilities. HTE also develops custom solutions for use by Federal agencies including FEMA and the Census Bureau. For over 20 years, HTE has focused its applications, business and marketing exclusively on the
public sector and utilities. HTEs fully-integrated enterprise-wide software applications are designed to enable these organizations to improve delivery of services, reduce costs, enhance revenue collection, operate within budgetary
constraints, comply with government regulations and improve overall operating efficiencies. HTEs applications currently include more than 50 applications addressing six functional areas: financial management, community services, public safety,
justice, utility management and K-12 school administration. HTEs products operate as integrated suites of applications or as stand-alone applications and function with a variety of computer and network hardware, operating systems, database
software and desktop applications provided by other vendors. As part of its strategy to provide a completely integrated solution to its customers, HTE also provides related services, including consulting, implementation, and education and training.

Certain HTE Projections

Prior to entering into the Merger Agreement, SunGard conducted
a due diligence review of HTE, and in connection with that review, SunGard received from HTE certain projections of HTEs future operating performance. 

The projections that SunGard received from HTE included, among other things, the following projections of HTEs revenues, Earnings
Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) and net income for each of 2002 and 2003. 



SunGard did
not rely upon these projections in evaluating HTEs business. SunGard relied upon its own due diligence and analysis of HTEs business; therefore, these projections do not necessarily reflect SunGards view of the expected performance
of the acquired operations after the Merger. 

H.T.E., Inc. Projections 
Selected Income Statement Items 
Fiscal Years 
(Dollars in Thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ending

December 31,

Revenue

$

70,120

$

73,592

EBITDA

17,595

(1)

20,059

Net income

6,902

9,554

(1)

EBITDA has been adjusted in 2002 to give retroactive effect to the elimination of: (i) legal fees of $600 incurred in 2002 related to the litigation concerning the
HTE common stock held by Tyler Technologies, Inc. that are not expected to be incurred in 2003; (ii) employee benefit costs of $1,500 incurred in 2002 that will not be incurred in 2003 due to HTEs decision to require employees to make certain
contributions in 2003; and (iii) hardware sales of $59 that occurred in 2002 that will not occur in 2003 as a result of HTEs decision to discontinue hardware sales. 

Actual results may vary materially from these projections. This information has been provided for the limited
purpose of giving HTE shareholders access to certain projections provided by HTE to SunGard in connection with SunGards due diligence review of HTE. 

SunGard has been advised by HTE that HTE did not prepare the projections described above with a view to public disclosure or compliance
with published guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding projections or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants regarding the preparation and presentation of financial projections or
forecasts. In addition, HTEs independent accountants did not examine or compile any of the projections described above, or express any conclusion or provide any assurance with respect to such projections. 

The projections described above constitute forward-looking
statements and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results reflected in such projections, including, without limitation, those described in HTEs periodic reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. At the time of receipt, SunGard was advised by HTE that the projections described above were subjective in many respects and thus susceptible to interpretations and periodic revision based on actual
experience and business developments. The projections described above also reflect numerous assumptions (not all of which were provided to SunGard), all of which were made by HTEs management, with respect to industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions, competition and other matters that are inherently subject to significant uncertainties, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond HTEs control. Neither the Purchaser
nor SunGard approved the assumptions or the methodology used to produce the projections. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the assumptions made in preparing the projections described above will prove reasonable or accurate, and actual
results may be materially different than those contained in such projections. 

The inclusion of the projections described above in this Offer to Purchase should not be regarded as an indication that any of the Purchaser, SunGard, HTE or their respective affiliates or
representatives considered in the past or currently consider such projections to be a reliable prediction of future events, and such projections should not be relied upon as such. None of the Purchaser, SunGard, HTE or any of their respective
affiliates or representatives has made or makes any representation to any person regarding the information contained in the projections described above, and none of them intends to update or otherwise revise such projections to reflect circumstances
existing after the date that HTE prepared such projections or to reflect the occurrence of future events even in the event that any or all of the assumptions underlying such projections are shown to be in error. 



Available
Information 

HTE is subject to the informational
requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is required to file reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to its business, financial condition and other matters. Certain information as of
particular dates concerning HTEs directors and executive officers, their remuneration, stock options and other matters, the principal holders of HTEs securities and any material interest of such persons in transactions with HTE is
required to be disclosed in HTEs proxy statements distributed to HTEs shareholders and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such reports, proxy statements and other information is available for inspection at the public
reference facilities of the Securities and Exchange Commission at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such information is obtainable, by mail, upon payment of the Securities and Exchange Commissions customary charges, by
writing to the Securities and Exchange Commissions principal office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site on the Internet at http://www.sec.gov that contains
reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that are filed electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Except as otherwise stated in this Offer to Purchase, the information concerning HTE contained in this Offer
to Purchase has been taken from or based upon publicly available documents on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other publicly available information. Although the Purchaser and SunGard do not have any knowledge that any such
information is untrue, neither the Purchaser nor SunGard has verified the accuracy or completeness of such information. 

9.    Certain Information Concerning the Purchaser and SunGard 

Purchaser 

The Purchaser is a Florida corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard. The Purchaser has not conducted any activities since its
organization other than those related to the acquisition of HTE. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Purchaser are beneficially owned by SunGard. The principal office of the Purchaser is located at the same address as SunGards
principal office listed below, and its telephone number at that address is the same telephone number as SunGards telephone number listed below. 

SunGard 

SunGard is a Delaware corporation with its principal offices located at 1285 Drummers Lane, Wayne, PA 19087, and its telephone number at
that address is (610) 341-8700. 

SunGard is a
global leader in integrated information-technology solutions for financial services. SunGard is also the pioneer and leading provider of information availability services. SunGard serves more than 20,000 clients in over 50 countries, including 47 of
the worlds 50 largest financial services institutions. SunGard is a member of the S&P 500 and has annual revenues of $2 billion. 

The name, citizenship, business address, present principal occupation or employment and five-year employment history of each of the
directors and executive officers of SunGard and the Purchaser are listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase. 

During the last five years, none of the Purchaser, SunGard or, to the best knowledge of the Purchaser and SunGard, any of the persons
listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase (i) has been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors) or (ii) was a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for matters that were
dismissed without sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of
such laws. 



Except as
described in this Offer to Purchase, none of the Purchaser, SunGard or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser and SunGard, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, or any associate or majority-owned subsidiary of SunGard, the
Purchaser or any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, beneficially owns any equity security of HTE, and none of the Purchaser, SunGard or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser and SunGard, any of the other persons or entities
referred to above, or any of the respective directors, executive officers or subsidiaries of any of the foregoing, has effected any transaction in any equity security of HTE during the past 60 days. 

Except as described in this Offer to Purchase or the Tender
Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by SunGard with the Securities and Exchange Commission to which this Offer to Purchase is filed as an exhibit, (i) there have not been any contacts, transactions or negotiations between the Purchaser or SunGard,
any of their respective subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser and SunGard, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and HTE or any of its directors, officers or affiliates, on the other hand,
that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and (ii) none of the Purchaser, SunGard or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser and SunGard, any of the persons listed on Schedule I to
this Offer to Purchase, has any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship with any person with respect to any securities of HTE. 

10.    Source and Amount of Funds 

The Offer is not conditioned on any financing arrangements or financing contingencies. 

The total amount of funds required by the Purchaser to pay for all outstanding shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer
and converted into the right to receive cash in the Merger, and to pay all fees and expenses incurred by SunGard and Purchaser related to the Offer and the Merger, is estimated to be approximately $121 million plus any related transaction fees and
expenses. The Purchaser plans to obtain the funds needed for the Offer and the Merger through capital contributions or loans that will be made by SunGard, either directly or through one or more wholly owned subsidiaries of SunGard, to the Purchaser.
To make these contributions or loans, SunGard expects to use its existing cash resources or funds borrowed under its existing line of credit pursuant to its Credit Agreements (described below), or a combination of both. In addition, upon completion
of the Merger, SunGard will have available the cash held by HTE (approximately $
29,595,537 million as of February 
12, 2003) to pay such amounts. 

SunGards line of credit is available pursuant to a 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2002 and as amended form time
to time, and an Amended and Restated Three-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2003 (collectively, the Credit Agreements), among SunGard, certain banks and other financial institutions, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative
Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as Co-Documentation Agent, and Fleet National Bank, as Co-Documentation Agent. The Credit Agreements contain
representations and warranties, conditions precedent, covenants, events of default and other provisions generally found in similar agreements. The Credit Agreements provide for up to $500 million of unsecured borrowings, and consist of a $150
million short-term (364 day) facility that was extended in January 2003 and now expires in January 2004, a $175 million revolving facility and a $175 million term loan that both expire in January 2005. The multi-year agreement was amended in January
2003 to permit $75 million of multicurrency borrowing under the $175 million revolving facility and to add J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as London Agent, as a party. SunGards only current outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreements are
$175 million under the term loan. SunGard can periodically designate borrowings as base-rate borrowings or LIBOR borrowings. Base-rate borrowings bear interest generally at the prime rate plus a margin (currently prime), while LIBOR borrowings bear
interest at a rate equal to LIBOR plus a margin (currently LIBOR plus 1%), depending upon SunGards corporate credit rating at the time of the borrowing. Interest rates on base-rate borrowings reset daily, while LIBOR borrowings can be fixed
for one-, two-, three- or six-month periods at SunGards option. In order to remain eligible to 



borrow under the Credit Agreements, SunGard must, among other requirements, maintain a minimum net worth of $850 million plus 50% of the
quarterly net income starting April 1, 2002 ($930 million as of September 30, 2002), an interest coverage ratio of at least four to one, and limit its total debt to no more than two and one-half times SunGards earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization. 

The foregoing
summary of the Credit Agreements does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreements and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Credit Agreements, a copy of each of which is filed as an
exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Purchaser and SunGard in connection with the Offer, and which is incorporated in this Offer to Purchase by reference.

If SunGard uses funds under the Credit
Agreements in connection with the acquisition of HTE, SunGard intends to repay borrowings under the Credit Agreements from working capital and funds provided by future operations, and to refinance any outstanding borrowings on or prior to any
applicable maturity date. While SunGard has no specific arrangements in this regard at this time, SunGard currently expects that if necessary it will be able to obtain any refinancing on commercially reasonable terms at the time. 

The Purchaser believes that the financial condition of SunGard
and its affiliates is not material to a decision by a holder of shares of HTE common stock whether to tender such shares in the Offer because (i) cash is the only consideration that will be paid to the holders of HTE common stock in connection with
the Offer and the Merger, (ii) the Purchaser is offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of HTE common stock in the Offer, (iii) the Offer is not subject to any financing arrangements or financing contingencies, and (iv) SunGard has
sufficient cash on hand and cash equivalents, or has sufficient availability under its existing line of credit, to provide the Purchaser with the amount of cash consideration payable to holders of HTE common stock in the Offer and the Merger.

11.    Background of the Offer 

Background 

The following information was prepared by SunGard and HTE. Information about HTE was provided by HTE, and neither the Purchaser nor SunGard has verified the accuracy or completeness of any information regarding meetings or
discussions in which SunGard or its representatives did not participate. 

On August 8, 2002, Jeffrey Feather, chairman of SunGard Pentamation, a SunGard subsidiary, contacted by telephone L.A. Gornto, Jr., executive vice president and general counsel of HTE, to inquire whether HTE would be
interested in having preliminary discussions with respect to a potential acquisition of HTE by SunGard. 

As a result of this contact, on August 27, 2002, Mr. Feather, together with Richard Tarbox, senior vice presidentcorporate
development of SunGard, and Robert Clarke, chief executive officer of SunGard Public Sector and Non-Profit Group, met with Bernard Markey, chairman of HTE, to discuss SunGards preliminary interest in a possible acquisition of HTE. During this
meeting, a possible transaction was discussed only in general terms, and no indicative price in such transaction was discussed. 

On September 3, 2002, Mr. Markey telephoned Mr. Clarke to indicate that HTEs board of directors had authorized HTEs management
to conduct preliminary acquisition discussions with SunGard. 

On September 5, 2002, SunGard executed a confidentiality agreement with HTE. 

On September 9, 2002, Mr. Markey and Joseph Loughry, president and chief executive officer of HTE, met at SunGards offices with Messrs. Tarbox, Clarke and Feather and Bruce Langston, chief
financial officer of SunGard Public Sector and Non-Profit Group. During this meeting, Mr. Loughry gave a general overview of HTEs business. Mr. Markey gave an update on the status of ongoing litigation concerning the HTE common stock held by
Tyler Technologies, Inc. (Tyler Litigation). Mr. Loughry and Mr. Markey indicated to SunGard that before HTE would proceed with discussions, SunGard would need to propose a valuation of HTE. The parties then discussed the possible next
steps that could enable SunGard to determine a preliminary valuation of HTE. 



On September
11, 2002, Mr. Markey, via e-mail, provided Mr. Tarbox with both HTEs forecast of its operating results for the quarter ending September 30, 2002 and a summary of the estimate of the annual expenses that could be saved if HTE were to cease
operating as a public company. 

On September 17,
2002, Mr. Tarbox, in a phone discussion with Mr. Markey, indicated that, based upon available public information of HTE and the financial information that HTE had provided, SunGard considered HTEs enterprise value (prior to consideration of
any excess cash or debt) to be $85.0 million. Following that discussion, Messrs. Markey and Tarbox had a subsequent phone conversation in which Mr. Markey indicated that, after conferring with HTEs board of directors, HTE considered HTEs
enterprise value to be higher than what SunGard had indicated. 

On September 18, 2002, as part of a regularly scheduled meeting, the HTE board of directors decided that due to the uncertainty concerning the Tyler Litigation, it was best to defer any further acquisition discussions with SunGard
and another interested third party at that time. 

On September 19, 2002, Mr. Markey telephoned Mr. Tarbox at SunGard and informed him of the decision of the HTE board of directors to defer acquisition discussions at that time until a court decision was rendered in the Tyler
Litigation. 

On September 23, 2002, HTE received
notice that the Federal Court having jurisdiction in the Tyler Litigation had entered an order on September 18, 2002 holding that HTEs redemption of the HTE common stock held by Tyler was invalid and no longer effective (the
Order), and on September 24, 2002 HTE issued a press release regarding the Order. 

On October 4, 2002, the board of directors of HTE held a telephonic meeting to discuss whether HTE should engage an investment banking firm to advise it on various strategic alternatives available,
including a possible sale or merger transaction. The Board agreed that an investment banking firm should be engaged by HTE at this time to assist and advise HTE as to its strategic alternatives, including a possible sale or merger of HTE.

Between October 4 and 11, 2002, HTE had
discussions with Broadview International LLC (Broadview) and formally confirmed that the financial advisory agreement between HTE and Broadview, dated September 2, 1999, remained in effect and in full force. HTE and Broadview then
entered into an amendment to the financial advisory agreement dated as of October 11, 2002 and the HTE board of directors then authorized Broadview to approach certain potential strategic and financial partners in order to assess the viability of a
business combination. 

In mid-October 2002, Mr.
Markey subsequently telephoned Mr. Tarbox to indicate that HTEs board of directors had engaged Broadview to advise HTE in exploring strategic alternatives, including a possible acquisition of all of HTEs common stock. SunGard
subsequently received a booklet of information concerning HTE, including financial projections for the quarter ending December 31, 2002 and for the fiscal year 2003 and a projection of HTEs balance sheet as of December 31, 2002. 

On October 21, 2002, Mr. Tarbox telephoned Scott Sedlacek of
Broadview and indicated that SunGard was interested in having discussions relating to a business combination with HTE. 

On October 22, 2002, the Board held a telephonic meeting to discuss 18 companies identified by Broadview as potential acquirors of HTE and
to develop a plan of action to deal with discussions with these companies. Based on the advice of Broadview as to each company identified, HTEs board of directors instructed Broadview to approach and explore the interest of 12 companies within
the next two weeks. 

From late October through
November 2002, Broadview contacted several companies with HTEs approval to ascertain their potential interest in pursuing a business combination with HTE. During this time, Broadview, via telephone, regularly updated members of the HTE board
of directors regarding the status of the ongoing process of evaluating potential suitors for a business combination. As a result of Broadviews discussions with prospective companies, representatives of HTE and Broadview held informational
meetings with, and provided certain financial information to, several potential acquirors, during the period from early November 2002 to early January 2003. 



On November
12, 2002, Mr. Tarbox received a communication via e-mail from Mr. Sedlacek that provided instructions on how SunGard should respond in writing if SunGard had interest in submitting a preliminary indication of interest for a cash purchase of all of
HTEs outstanding shares and outstanding vested and unvested stock options. 

On November 15, 2002, in response to a request from Broadview, Constellation Software, Inc. (Constellation) submitted to Broadview a preliminary indication of interest to acquire all of the
outstanding common stock of HTE for a cash purchase price of $4.50 per share. The indication of interest was subject to Constellations satisfactory completion of a due diligence review of HTE. Broadview agreed to present the proposal for
consideration to the HTE board of directors, and to provide feedback to representatives of Constellation. 

On November 18, 2002, based upon the information provided by HTE and publicly available information, SunGard submitted to Broadview a
non-binding letter of interest to acquire HTE for a cash purchase price in the range of $5.00 to $5.25 per share plus an amount not to exceed $12.0 million to acquire all of HTEs outstanding vested and unvested options. This expression of
interest was subject both to SunGards satisfactory completion of a due diligence review of HTE and to receiving the approval of SunGards board of directors. Broadview agreed to present the proposal for consideration to the HTE board of
directors, and to provide feedback to representatives of SunGard. 

On November 20, 2002, Mr. Sedlacek indicated to Mr. Tarbox in a phone discussion that SunGards valuation of the shares of HTE was lower than what HTEs board of directors considered to be the appropriate valuation
of HTE based upon commonly used indices of valuation for recent comparable transactions of public companies. Messrs. Sedlacek and Tarbox also discussed the appropriate amount of cash in excess of normal operating cash requirements that SunGard
should consider in determining its valuation of the shares of HTE. 

On November 22, 2002, HTE issued a press release announcing that it had received indications of interest in business combinations at a premium to the current trading price of the HTE common stock, and had re-engaged
Broadview to provide strategic financial advice to HTE, including evaluating the initial approaches as well as additional proposals from strategic and financial buyers. HTE also disclosed that it had received the preliminary indication of interest
from Constellation, as well as several other indications of interest from qualified buyers at cash prices higher than Constellations proposed bid of $4.50 per share. 

On November 25, 2002, Messrs. Sedlacek and Tarbox had a further conversation in which Mr. Sedlacek indicated
that, because the cost to acquire HTEs outstanding options would be less than SunGards estimate based upon its indicative valuation of the per-share price of HTEs common stock, that HTE considered SunGards then-current
valuation of HTEs shares to be a range of $5.25 to $5.50. Mr. Sedlacek further indicated that, based upon the significant amount of excess cash in HTE, the board of directors of HTE considered SunGards preliminary indication of value to
be too low to consider SunGards proposal any further. 

On November 26, 2002, Mr. Tarbox verbally proposed to Mr. Sedlacek a cash price in the range of $6.00 per share as a basis for continuing discussions with HTE. Mr. Sedlacek agreed to present the proposal for consideration to the HTE
board of directors and to provide feedback to Mr. Tarbox. 

On December 3, 2002, Mr. Tarbox verbally reiterated to Mr. Sedlacek a cash price in the range of $6.00 per share as a basis for continued discussions with HTE. 

On December 3 and 10, 2002, Messrs. Sedlacek and Tarbox had further conversations concerning both the
appropriate valuation of HTEs shares and that HTE had received indications of interest from other third parties at amounts higher than what SunGard had indicated. 

On December 11, 2002, Mr. Sedlacek in a telephone conversation indicated to Mr. Tarbox that, based upon other
indications of interest and the valuation that the board of directors of HTE considered to be the appropriate valuation of HTE, SunGard would need to consider proposing a minimum cash price of $6.50 per share for HTEs shares. 



On December
16, 2002, Mr. Tarbox indicated in a telephone conversation with Mr. Sedlacek that SunGard was prepared to increase its proposal to acquire HTEs share to $6.50 per share. Messrs. Sedlacek and Tarbox agreed to arrange to have representatives
from SunGard meet with representatives of HTE to conduct further due diligence, concentrating on HTEs results of operations for 2002 and financial projections for 2003. 

On December 18, 2002, Mr. Markey and Mr. Loughry invited Mr. Tarbox and other representatives of SunGard to
conduct confirmatory due diligence. Mr. Loughry indicated that other interested third parties had conducted more detailed on-site due diligence than SunGard had conducted to that point and that the board of directors of HTE was concerned about the
certainty of SunGards new proposal given the amount of SunGards due diligence to date relative to other interested parties. 

On December 20, 2002, SunGard submitted a request for information to be received in advance of this due diligence meeting. On December 30,
2002, HTE provided this information to SunGard. 

On January 3, 2003, Messrs. Clarke, Feather and Langston and Donald Appleton, president of SunGard Pentamation, met with Mr. Loughery and Susan Falatico, chief financial officer of HTE, to review HTEs preliminary financial
results for the fiscal year 2002 and its 2003 projections. 

On January 9, 2003, Mr. Sedlacek in a telephone conversation with Mr. Tarbox indicated that another party had proposed a purchase of HTEs shares for a cash price in excess of SunGards proposal of $6.50 per share.

On January 10, 2003, based upon the information
provided by HTE and publicly available information, representatives of SunGard verbally proposed to Broadview a cash price in the range of $7.00 per share as a basis for continuing discussions with HTE. At Broadviews suggestion, SunGard
submitted a written proposal to Broadview indicating their interest to acquire all of the outstanding HTE shares for a cash price of $7.00 per share. Later that day, Broadview indicated to representatives of SunGard that the board of directors of
HTE was interested in pursuing negotiation of the proposed transaction, including a definitive agreement, at a cash price of $7.00 per share. 

Between January 13, 2003 and January 31, 2003, representatives of SunGard and its legal and accounting advisors conducted extensive due
diligence on HTEs business, including conducting meetings with HTEs management and reviewing financial and legal documents provided by HTE. Also during this time, legal and financial representatives of SunGard and HTE and their
respective advisors discussed and negotiated on many occasions all aspects of the proposed merger and the merger agreement therefor. These negotiations covered all aspects of the transaction, including, among other things: the representations and
warranties made by the parties; the restrictions on the conduct of HTEs business following execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement; the conditions to completion of the Offer and the Merger; the provisions regarding termination; the
details of the fiduciary out provisions; the amount, triggers and payment of the termination fee and the consequences of termination; and the delivery and terms of the Tender and Voting Agreements. 

On January 31, 2003, the board of directors of SunGard
approved the Merger Agreement in the form presented. 

On February 1, 2003, the board of directors of HTE met telephonically to review and consider the final terms of the transaction. Participating in the meeting were all members of the Board, HTE management and representatives of
Broadview and Greenberg Traurig, P.A., HTEs legal counsel. A representative of Greenberg Traurig reviewed with the HTE board of directors the principal provisions of the proposed Merger Agreement and Tender and Voting Agreements.
Representatives of Broadview presented Broadviews fairness opinion to the HTE board of directors that as of the date of the meeting and based upon and subject to certain matters stated in such opinion, the $7.00 per share cash offer price was
fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of HTE common stock. The Broadview representatives described the procedures followed, Broadviews findings, the bases and methods of arriving at Broadviews fairness opinion, including the
financial analysis Broadview made 



of certain information supporting its fairness opinion, and responded to questions from the directors. The HTE board of directors then
affirmed that the Merger was fair to, and in the best interests of, HTEs shareholders, declared the Merger advisable, approved the proposed terms of the Offer, Merger, the Merger Agreement and the Tender and Voting Agreements in substantially
the forms presented, and resolved to recommend that HTEs shareholders accept the Offer and tender their shares in the Offer. 

On February 4, 2003, the Merger Agreement was executed by SunGard, the Purchaser and HTE and the Tender and Voting Agreements were
executed by the shareholders named therein, SunGard and the Purchaser. 

On February 5, 2003, before the opening of trading on the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq, SunGard and HTE issued a joint press release announcing the transaction. 

Reasons for SunGard Entering into the Merger Agreement

At a meeting held on January 31, 2003,
SunGards board of directors approved the transaction, subject to satisfactory negotiation of the Merger Agreement. In approving the transaction, SunGards board of directors consulted with SunGards management and legal advisors. The
board considered, among other things, the following: 



the strategic fit between SunGards Public Sector and Non-Profit Systems Group and HTE, including: the benefits that SunGards financial resources could
provide to HTE; the opportunity to cross-sell SunGard and HTE products into the others customer base; and the opportunity to provide a broad range of products and services to public sector-industry customers; 



the opportunity to realize certain cost synergies from combining HTE with SunGards Public Sector and Non-Profit Systems Group, including the savings resulting
from HTE no longer being an independent public company; 



prospects for the demand for software systems solutions and services in the public sector industry; 



the quality and state of development of HTEs products and the reputation of HTE in the public sector industry; and 



the provisions of the Merger Agreement, including the price, respective representations, warranties and covenants of the parties. 

12.    Purpose of the Offer; Plans for HTE; The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreements 

Purpose of the Offer 

The purpose of the Offer and Merger is to enable SunGard to acquire the entire equity interest in, and thus control of, HTE. The Offer, as
the first step in the acquisition of HTE, is intended to facilitate the acquisition of all the outstanding shares of HTE common stock or, if less, all shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the
Expiration Date, subject to the conditions to the Offer described in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. The purpose of the Merger is to acquire any and all outstanding shares of HTE common stock that are not
tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment by the Purchaser in the Offer. 

Plans for HTE 

If the Minimum Condition and the other conditions to the Offer described in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase have been satisfied and the Purchaser purchases the shares of HTE common stock that
are tendered in the Offer, SunGard intends and will have the right to designate representatives to HTEs board of directors who will constitute at least a majority of the board of directors and therefore control HTE. Following successful
completion of the Offer and the Merger, SunGard intends to integrate HTEs operations with those of SunGard under the direction of SunGard management. SunGards principal reason for 



acquiring HTE is to expand its integrated software solutions for the public sector industry. SunGard intends to continue to review HTE and
its assets, corporate structure, dividend policy, capitalization, operations, properties, policies, management and personnel and, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, to consider whether any changes would be desirable in light of the
circumstances then existing, and reserves the right to take such actions or effect such changes as it deems desirable. Except as disclosed in this Offer to Purchase, neither the Purchaser nor SunGard has any present plans or proposals that would
result in an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization, liquidation, relocation of operations or sale or transfer of assets, involving HTE or any of its subsidiaries, or any material changes in HTEs corporate
structure or business. The Purchaser will honor all obligations under all existing employment agreements and has not entered into any employment or employment-related agreements in connection with the Offer. 

The Merger Agreement 

The following is a summary of the Merger Agreement. The
following summary does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the Tender Offer
Statement on Schedule TO that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Purchaser and SunGard in connection with the Offer. A copy of the Merger Agreement has been provided to each shareholder as Appendix A to this Offer to
Purchase pursuant to Section 607.1104 of the Florida Business Corporation Act (the FBCA) relating to short-form mergers. If the Purchaser acquires more than 80% of the outstanding common stock of HTE, it intends to effect a short-form
merger pursuant to Section 607.1104 of the FBCA without a meeting or vote of the HTE shareholders. See Section 14 (Certain Legal Matters) for more information. You should read the Merger Agreement in its entirety for a more complete description of
the matters summarized below. 

The Offer

The Merger Agreement provides for the
commencement of the Offer. The Purchasers obligation to accept for payment shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, if permitted under the Merger Agreement, of each of the conditions
to the Offer that are described in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. The Purchaser may not, without HTEs prior written consent, make any change to the terms and conditions of the Offer that (i) decreases
the Offer Price, (ii) changes the form of consideration to be paid in the Offer, (iii) changes the number of shares of HTE common stock sought in the Offer, (iv) imposes new conditions to the Offer in addition to those described in Section 13 of
this Offer to Purchase, (v) extends the Offer except as provided for in the Merger Agreement and described below, (vi) amends or waives the Minimum Condition or (vii) is adverse to the holders of shares of HTE common stock. 

If at any then-scheduled expiration date of the Offer, any of
the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied or waived, the Purchaser is entitled to extend the Offer for such amount of time as is reasonably necessary to cause such conditions to the Offer to be satisfied. Additionally, the Purchaser may
(but is not required to) extend the Offer (one or more times) for an aggregate additional period of not more than 20 business days if the number of shares of HTE common stock that have been validly tendered (and not withdrawn) as of the scheduled or
extended expiration date of the Offer (plus any such shares of HTE common stock tendered under the Tender and Voting Agreements and any shares of HTE common stock with respect to which SunGard or Purchaser has sole beneficial ownership)
represent more than a majority of HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares, but less than 80% of HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares as of such date or, if greater, the number and type of shares of common stock including shares of common stock
entitled to vote and shares of common stock not entitled to vote, required to satisfy the conditions of the FBCA relating to short-form mergers. See Section 14 (Certain Legal Matters) for more information. 

If any of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied
or waived at any then-scheduled expiration date of the Offer, the Purchaser has agreed to extend the Offer by 10 business days, if so requested by HTE in writing; provided, however, that the Purchaser is not required to extend the expiration date
more than one time pursuant to this provision. 



The Purchaser
also may (but is not required to) provide for a subsequent offering period (within the meaning of Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act) of at least three but not more than 20 business days following the expiration of the Offer. 

The Merger Agreement further provides that the Purchaser will,
on the terms and subject to the conditions to the Offer, accept for payment, and pay for, all the shares of HTE common stock that are validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in the Offer as promptly as practicable after the Expiration Date. If
the Purchaser provides for a subsequent offering period, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, all shares of HTE common stock that are validly tendered during the subsequent
offering period as promptly as practicable after such shares are tendered. 

Appointment of Directors after Acceptance of Shares Tendered in the Offer 

The Merger Agreement provides that, effective upon acceptance for payment of any shares of HTE common stock in the Offer, SunGard shall be
entitled to designate the number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on HTEs board of directors that equals the product of (i) the total number of directors on HTEs board of directors (giving effect to the election of any
additional directors pursuant to these provisions) and (ii) a fraction whose numerator is the aggregate number of shares of HTE common stock then beneficially owned by SunGard or Purchaser (including shares of HTE common stock accepted for payment
pursuant to the Offer), and whose denominator is the total number of shares of HTE common stock then outstanding. 

The Merger Agreement further provides that following a request by SunGard, HTE must take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to
cause the individuals designated by SunGard to be elected or appointed to HTEs board of directors, including, if necessary, either increasing the size of HTEs board of directors or securing the resignations of then incumbent directors.
Furthermore, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, HTE must take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to cause the individuals so designated by SunGard to constitute substantially the same percentage (rounding up where appropriate)
as is on HTEs board of directors on (i) each committee of HTEs board of directors, (ii) each board of directors of each subsidiary of HTE and (iii) each committee of each such board of directors of each subsidiary of HTE. The Merger
Agreement requires that at all times until the completion of the Merger, SunGard and HTE shall use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to cause at least two of the members of HTEs board of directors to be individuals who were
directors of HTE and were not officers or employees of HTE or any of its subsidiaries on the date of the Merger Agreement (the Continuing Directors). 

Notwithstanding anything in the Merger Agreement to the contrary, after the election or appointment of the
directors designated by SunGard to HTEs board of directors and prior to the completion of the Merger, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the approval of the Continuing Directors will be required to (i) amend or terminate the Merger
Agreement on behalf of HTE, (ii) extend the time for performance by SunGard or the Purchaser of, or waive compliance by HTE with, any of the agreements or conditions contained in the Merger Agreement for the benefit of HTE, (iii) authorize any
required or permitted consent or action by HTEs board of directors under the Merger Agreement or (iv) authorize any other action of HTE under the Merger Agreement which adversely affects the holders of shares of HTE common stock (other than
SunGard or the Purchaser); provided, that if for any reason there are no Continuing Directors and HTE has used commercially reasonable efforts to appoint Continuing Directors, such actions may be effected by majority vote of HTEs entire board
of directors. 

The Merger 

The Merger Agreement provides that, following the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions to the Merger described below under the caption Conditions to the Merger, the Purchaser will be merged with and into HTE in accordance with the applicable provision of Florida law, HTE will continue as the
surviving corporation of the Merger and the separate corporate existence of the Purchaser will cease. 



Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation 

The Merger Agreement provides that upon the completion of the Merger, the articles of incorporation of HTE, other than those provisions with respect to indemnification of directors and officers, shall be amended and restated to
conform to the articles of incorporation of the Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the completion of the Merger. The bylaws of HTE, other than those with respect to indemnification of directors and officers of HTE, will be amended and
restated to conform to the bylaws of the Purchaser as in effect immediately prior to the completion of the Merger. 

Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation 

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon the completion of the Merger, the directors of HTE will be the
directors of the Purchaser immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, and the officers of HTE will be the officers of HTE immediately prior to the completion of the Merger. 

Conversion of Shares of HTE Common Stock 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of HTE common stock that is issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the completion of the Merger (other than shares owned by SunGard, the Purchaser or HTE or any wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard or HTE which shares will be canceled without any consideration), will be converted into the right to receive
$7.00, the price per share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

Dissenters Rights 

Under Section 607.1302(4) of the FBCA, because HTEs common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market, no shareholder of HTE will be entitled to exercise dissenters rights under the FBCA
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Offer and the Merger. 

Treatment of HTE Options 

Each holder of an option to purchase common stock of HTE (each a Company Option) will be entitled to receive in settlement of
each Company Option an amount equal to the product of (i) the excess, if any, of the Offer Price over the exercise price per share of such Company Option and (ii) the number of shares subject to such Company Option, less applicable tax withholdings.
Except as otherwise agreed to by SunGard and HTE, all stock option plans established by HTE or any of its subsidiaries shall terminate as of the date of the Merger and the provisions in any other plan, program or arrangement providing for the
issuance or grant of any other interest in respect of the capital stock of HTE or any subsidiary of HTE shall be deleted, terminated and of no further force or effect as of the date of the Merger. 

Representations and Warranties 

HTE made customary representations and warranties to the
Purchaser and SunGard in the Merger Agreement, including representations relating to: 



organization; 



capital stock and ownership; 



financial and corporate records; 



compliance with law; 



SEC filings; 





assets; 



obligations; 



operations since September 30, 2002; 



accounts receivable; 



tangible property; 



real property; 



environmental; 



software and other intangibles; 



contracts; 



employees and independent contractors; 



employee benefit plans; 



customers and suppliers; 



taxes; 



proceedings and judgments; 



insurance; 



questionable payments; 



related party and affiliate transactions; 



effect of agreement; inapplicability of anti-takeover statutes; 



sections 607.0901 and 607.0902 of the FBCA not applicable; 



vote required; 



non-contravention; consents; 



fairness opinion; 



financial advisory and other fees; 



financial advisory agreements; and 



full disclosure. 

The Purchaser and SunGard made customary representations and warranties to HTE in the Merger Agreement, including representations relating
to their: 



due organization; 



authority; binding nature of agreement; 



non-contravention; consents; 



disclosure; and 



funds. 

Interim Conduct of Business 

The Merger Agreement provides that, except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, during the period from the date of the Merger
Agreement through the acceptance of shares of HTE common stock for purchase in the Offer: (i) HTE shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that it and each of its subsidiaries conducts its businesses and operations (A) in the ordinary
course consistent with past practices and (B) in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable law and the requirements of certain specified contracts; (ii) HTE shall 



use all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that it and each of its subsidiaries preserves intact its current business organization,
keeps available the services of its current officers and employees and maintains its existing material relations and goodwill with all suppliers, customers, landlords, creditors, licensors, licensees, employees and other persons having business
relationships with it or any of its subsidiaries; (iii) HTE shall keep in full force all insurance policies; (iv) HTE shall cause to be provided all notices, assurances and support required by specified contracts relating to any intellectual
property in order to ensure that no condition under such contract occurs that could result in (A) any transfer or disclosure by it or any of its subsidiaries of any source code or (B) a release from any escrow of any source code that has been
deposited or is required to be deposited in escrow under the terms of such contract; and (v) HTE shall promptly notify SunGard of (A) any notice or other communication from any person alleging that the consent of such person is or may be required in
connection with any of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and (B) the commencement of any litigation or any proceeding against or affecting the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger. 

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during the
period from the date of the Merger Agreement through the acceptance of shares of HTE common stock for purchase in the Offer, neither HTE nor any of HTEs subsidiaries may: 



(A) declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend on, or make any other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) in respect of, any of its
outstanding capital stock (other than, with respect to a subsidiary of HTE, to its corporate parent), (B) split, combine or reclassify any of its outstanding capital stock or other equity interests or issue or authorize the issuance of any other
securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its outstanding capital stock or other equity interests (other than the valid exercise of HTE stock options outstanding as of the date of the Merger Agreement), or (C) purchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of outstanding capital stock or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares; 



sell, issue, grant, pledge or encumber or authorize the issuance, grant, pledge or encumbrance of (A) any capital stock or other security, (B) any option, call,
warrant or right to acquire any capital stock or other security or (C) any instrument convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other security (except that HTE may issue shares of HTE common stock upon the valid exercise of stock
options outstanding as of the date of the Merger Agreement); 



amend or waive any of its rights under any provision of any of HTEs stock option plans (other than the acceleration of certain Company Options), any provision
of any agreement evidencing any outstanding stock option or any restricted stock purchase agreement, or otherwise modify any of the terms of any outstanding option, warrant or other security or any related contract, in each case with respect to the
capital stock of HTE or its subsidiaries; 



amend or permit the adoption of any amendment to its articles of incorporation or bylaws or other charter or organizational documents, or effect or become a party
to any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, amalgamation, recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock split, reverse stock split, division or subdivision of shares, consolidation of shares or similar transaction;



form any subsidiary or directly or indirectly acquire any equity or other interest in, or make any other investment in or capital contribution to, any other entity;



make any capital expenditure that would, when added to all other capital expenditures made on behalf of HTE and its subsidiaries during the pre- closing period,
exceed the aggregation of $200,000 for each month during the pre-closing period; 



except as otherwise permitted by these provisions, enter into or become bound by, or permit any of the material assets owned or used by it to become bound by, any
material contract, or amend or terminate, or waive or exercise any material right or remedy under, any material contract, in each case other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices; 





acquire, lease or license any right or other material asset from any other person or sell or otherwise dispose of, or lease or license, any material right or other
material asset, including without limitation, any software or intangibles of HTE and its subsidiaries to any other person, except in each case for assets acquired, leased, licensed or disposed of by HTE in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practices; 



dispose of or permit to lapse any material rights to the use of any software or intangibles of HTE and its subsidiaries, or dispose of or disclose to any person
other than representatives of SunGard any material trade secret, formula, process, know-how or other intangibles not theretofore a matter of public knowledge, except in each case in ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices;



lend money to any person, or incur or guarantee any indebtedness, including without limitation, any additional borrowings under any existing lines of credit (except
that HTE may make routine borrowings and advancement of expenses in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices); 



except as required to comply with applicable law, establish, adopt or amend any employee benefit plan, pay, commit to pay or accelerate the payment of any bonus or
make, commit to make or accelerate any profit-sharing or similar payment to, or increase or commit to increase the amount of the wages, salary, commissions, fringe benefits, severance, insurance or other compensation or remuneration payable to, any
of its directors, officers, employees or consultants, except that HTE may (A) make routine, reasonable salary increases in connection with HTEs customary employee review process and may pay customary bonus payments in accordance with existing
bonus plans, or (B) other than as permitted in these provisions, enter into or amend any employment, consulting, severance or similar agreement with any individual other than consulting agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business
involving payments in the aggregate for all such consulting agreements not in excess of $50,000 in any month and not with a term in excess of 90 days; 



hire any employee with an annual base salary in excess of $100,000 or with total annual compensation in excess of $200,000, or promote any employee except to fill a
position vacated after the date of the Merger Agreement; 



(A) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, change any of its pricing policies, product return or warranty policies, product
maintenance policies, service policies, product modification or upgrade policies, personnel policies or other business policies in any material respect or (B) make any change in any method of accounting or accounting practice or policy (including
any method, practice or policy relating to taxes), except as required by any changes in generally accepted accounting principles or as otherwise required by law; 



make or rescind any material tax election or settle or compromise any material tax liability of HTE or of any of it subsidiaries; 



(A) commence or settle any material proceeding, or (B) pay, discharge or satisfy any material claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or
unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of claims, liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in the consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of HTE and its consolidated
subsidiaries (except in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices); 



adopt or enter into a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other material reorganization
or any agreement relating to any acquisition proposal with respect to HTE; 



permit any material insurance policy naming it as a beneficiary or a loss payable payee to be cancelled or terminated without notice to SunGard;



enter into any agreement, understanding or commitment that restrains, limits or impedes, in any material respect, the ability of it or any of its subsidiaries to
compete with or conduct any business or line of business; 





plan, announce, implement or effect any reduction in force, lay-off, early retirement program, severance program or other program or effort concerning the
termination of employment of employees of HTE or its subsidiaries generally; 



take any action that could be reasonably expected to result in any of the conditions to the Offer not being satisfied; 



enter into any material transaction or take any other material action outside the ordinary course of business and inconsistent with past practices;



acquire, lease or enter into any agreement to acquire or lease any real property; or 



agree or commit to take any of the actions described above. 

Non-Solicitation Provisions 

The Merger Agreement provides that HTE and its subsidiaries must immediately cease any and all existing activities, discussions or
negotiations with respect to any offer, proposal or indication of interest relating to or involving any of the following (each, an Acquisition Proposal), other than the transactions provided for in the Merger Agreement: 



any merger, consolidation, share exchange, recapitalization, business combination or other similar transaction involving HTE or any of its subsidiaries;



any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of all or a significant portion of the assets of HTE and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, including, without limitation, any license, lease or other transfer or disposition of all or a significant portion of software and intangibles of HTE and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a single transaction or series of related
transactions; 



any purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, 10% or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock of HTE or the filing of a registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in connection therewith; or 



any public announcement of a proposal, plan or intention to do any of the foregoing or any agreement to engage in any of the foregoing. 

The Merger Agreement further provides that HTE shall not, nor
shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize (and shall use its best efforts not to permit) any affiliate, officer, director, manager, or employee of, or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative
(collectively, Representatives) of HTE or any of its subsidiaries to: 



solicit, initiate, facilitate, or encourage, directly or indirectly, any inquiries relating to, or the submission of, any Acquisition Proposal;



participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Acquisition Proposal, or in connection with any Acquisition Proposal, or furnish to any person any
information or data with respect to or provide access to the properties of HTE or any of its subsidiaries, or take any other action to facilitate the making of any proposal that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition
Proposal; or 



enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or approve or resolve to approve any Acquisition Proposal; 

provided, however, that neither HTE nor HTEs board of directors are
prohibited from taking and disclosing to HTEs shareholders a position with respect to a tender or exchange offer by a third party pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act, provided that HTE may not, unless
HTEs board of directors determines in good faith that such action is required to discharge the boards fiduciary duties to HTEs shareholders under applicable law and meets certain other requirements set forth in the Merger
Agreement, withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, the recommendation of HTEs board of directors that HTEs shareholders accept the Offer and tender their shares of HTE common stock in the Offer and adopt the Merger
Agreement (the HTE Board Recommendation), or approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend any Acquisition Proposal, or enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. 



For purposes
of the Merger Agreement, Superior Proposal means an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal on terms that HTEs board of directors, taking into consideration such matters that it determines in good faith to be relevant (including, without
limitation, the additional time necessary to consummate the Acquisition Proposal), determines in good faith to be more favorable to HTEs shareholders than the Offer and the Merger (based on advice of HTEs independent financial advisor
that the value of the consideration provided for in such proposal is superior to the value of the consideration provided for in the Offer), for which financing, to the extent required, is (based upon the advice of HTEs independent financial
advisor) reasonably capable of being obtained; provided, however, that for purposes of this definition, Acquisition Proposal shall be deemed to refer only to a transaction involving a majority of the outstanding voting securities of HTE
or all or substantially all of the assets of HTE. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the time of acceptance of HTEs common stock for payment in the Offer, HTE may furnish information concerning its businesses or its subsidiaries, properties or assets to any person or
group (as defined in the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) and may negotiate and participate in discussions and negotiations with such person or group concerning a Superior Proposal, provided that such person or group
shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement, the confidentiality provisions of which shall not be materially more favorable to such third party than those provided for in the confidentiality agreement with SunGard (provided that such
confidentiality agreement must permit HTE to disclose to SunGard all of the information required to be disclosed by HTE to SunGard by the nonsolicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement), if: 



such Person or group has submitted a Superior Proposal; 



in the good faith opinion of HTEs board of directors, determined only after consulting with independent legal counsel to HTE, such action is required to
discharge the boards fiduciary duties to HTEs shareholders under applicable law; and 



HTE has notified SunGard in writing of its intention to engage in such discussions or negotiations or to provide such confidential information not less than 24
hours prior to so doing. 

The
Merger Agreement also provides that HTE will promptly (but in no case later than 24 hours after receipt thereof) notify SunGard in writing of the existence of any proposal, discussion, negotiation or inquiry received by HTE regarding any Acquisition
Proposal, and HTE will immediately communicate to SunGard the terms of any proposal, discussion, negotiation or inquiry which it may receive regarding any Acquisition Proposal (and will promptly provide SunGard copies of any written materials
(including e-mails) received by HTE or its Representatives in connection with such proposal, discussion, negotiation or inquiry) and the identity of the party making such proposal or inquiry or engaging in such discussion or negotiation. HTE will
promptly provide to SunGard any non-public information concerning HTE provided to any other person in connection with any Acquisition Proposal that was not previously provided to SunGard. HTE will keep SunGard informed on a prompt basis of the
status and details of any such Acquisition Proposal and of any amendments or proposed amendments to any Acquisition Proposal and of the status of any discussions or negotiations relating to any Acquisition Proposal. 

The Merger Agreement further provides as follows:



Except as provided below, neither HTEs board of directors nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a
manner adverse to SunGard or the Purchaser the HTE Board Recommendation, (ii) approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal or (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal (other than a
confidentiality agreement that is entered into in accordance with the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement). 



Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to compliance with the nonsolicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement, prior to the time of acceptance for payment of
HTE common stock in the Offer, HTEs board of directors, after consulting with independent legal counsel, may withdraw or modify the HTE 



Board Recommendation, approve or recommend a Superior Proposal, or enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal, if the board
determines in good faith that such action is required to discharge the boards fiduciary duties to HTEs shareholders under applicable law, provided that in each case HTE has given SunGard written notice at least three business days in
advance of such action that HTEs board of directors has received a Superior Proposal that it intends to accept, specifying the material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal and identifying the person making such Superior Proposal.

HTE Shareholders
Meeting 

If adoption of the Merger Agreement
by the shareholders of HTE is required under applicable law in order to complete the Merger, the Merger Agreement provides that HTE must call, give notice of and hold a meeting of the shareholders of HTE for the purpose of voting upon the adoption
of the Merger Agreement. 

Under the terms of the
Merger Agreement, SunGard agreed to cause all shares of HTE common stock owned by SunGard or any subsidiary of SunGard to be voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement at the HTE shareholder meeting. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of the Merger
Agreement, if the Purchaser shall own by virtue of the Offer or otherwise at least 80% of the outstanding shares of HTE common stock (such that the conditions of Section 607.1104(1)(a) of the FBCA relating to a short-form merger are satisfied), the
parties shall take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the merger of the Purchaser and HTE to become effective as soon as practicable after the expiration date of the Offer (as such expiration date may have been extended in accordance with
the terms of the Merger Agreement) without a meeting or vote of the HTE shareholders in accordance with Section 607.1104 of the FBCA. See Section 14 (Certain Legal Matters) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Proxy Statement; Recommendation of HTEs Board of
Directors 

The Merger Agreement provides that
if the adoption of the Merger Agreement by HTEs shareholders is required by applicable law in order to complete the Merger, HTE must prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a proxy statement for use in connection with the
solicitation of proxies from HTEs shareholders in connection with the Merger. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to the right of HTEs board of directors to withdraw or modify its recommendation as described below, the proxy
statement must contain the HTE Board Recommendation. 

Reasonable Effort 

The
Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, SunGard and HTE shall use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary to purchase shares of HTE common stock in the Offer and consummate the
Merger and make effective the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including (i) making all filings and giving all notices required to be made and given in connection with the Offer and the Merger, (ii) using all reasonable
efforts to obtain each consent (if any) required to be obtained by such party in connection with the Offer and the Merger, and (iii) using all reasonable efforts to lift any restraint, injunction or other legal bar to the Offer or the Merger.
However, notwithstanding the foregoing, SunGard does not have any obligation: (i) to dispose of or transfer or cause any of its subsidiaries to dispose of or transfer any assets, or to commit to cause HTE or any of its subsidiaries to dispose of any
assets; (ii) to discontinue or cause any of its subsidiaries to discontinue offering any product or service, or to commit to cause HTE or any of its subsidiaries to discontinue offering any product or service; (iii) to license or otherwise make
available, or cause any of its subsidiaries to license or otherwise make available to any third party any technology, software or intangible, or to commit to cause HTE or any of its subsidiaries to license or otherwise make available to any third
party any technology, software or intangible; (iv) to hold separate or cause any of its 



subsidiaries to hold separate any assets or operations, or to commit to cause HTE or any of its subsidiaries to hold separate any assets or
operations; (v) to make or cause any of its subsidiaries to make any commitment regarding its future operations or the future operations of HTE or any of its subsidiaries; or (vi) to contest any legal proceeding relating to the Offer or the Merger
if SunGard determines in good faith that contesting such legal proceeding might not be advisable. 

Employee Benefit Matters 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, SunGard has agreed that all employees of HTE and its subsidiaries who continue employment with SunGard,
HTE and HTEs or SunGards subsidiaries after the completion of the Merger (Continuing Employees) shall be eligible to continue to participate in HTEs or SunGards health and welfare benefit plans; provided, however,
that (i) nothing shall limit the right of SunGard or HTE to amend or terminate any such health or welfare benefit plan at any time (including as of the consummation of the Merger), and (ii) if SunGard or HTE terminates any such health or welfare
benefit plan, then the Continuing Employees shall be immediately eligible to participate in SunGards health and welfare benefit plans, to substantially the same extent as similarly situated employees of SunGard. Immediately after the
consummation of the Merger, the Continuing Employees shall be entitled to participate in a plan that contains a cash or deferred arrangement intended to qualify under Section 401(k) of the IRC sponsored, maintained or contributed to by SunGard or
its subsidiaries (a SunGard 401(k) Plan). Each Continuing Employees period of service and compensation history with HTE and its subsidiaries shall be counted in determining eligibility for, and the amount and vesting of, benefits
under each SunGard employee benefit plan (including, without limitation, the SunGard 401(k) Plan). Each Continuing Employee who participates in a SunGard employee benefit plan that provides health care benefits (whether or not through insurance)
shall participate without regard to any waiting period or any condition or exclusion based on pre-existing conditions, medical history, claims experience, evidence of insurability, or genetic factors, and shall receive full credit for any
co-payments or deductible payments, or account balances under any cafeteria or flexible spending plan made before the closing date of the Merger. In the event that any Continuing Employee receives an eligible rollover distribution
(within the meaning of Section 402(c)(4) of the IRC) from an employee benefit plan of HTE intended to qualify under Section 401(k) of the Code (a HTE 401(k) Plan), SunGard shall cause a SunGard 401(k) Plan to accept a direct rollover of
such eligible rollover distribution (including, but not limited to, any portion of such eligible rollover distribution comprised of the outstanding balance of a loan from such HTE 401(k) Plan). Nothing in the Merger Agreement shall be construed to
create a right in any employee to employment with SunGard, HTE or any other subsidiary of HTE and the employment of each Continuing Employee shall be at will employment. 

Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance 

The Merger Agreement provides that all rights to
indemnification existing in favor of those persons who are or have at any time been directors and officers of HTE (the Indemnified Persons) for their acts and omissions occurring prior to the completion of the Merger, as provided in
HTEs bylaws, articles of incorporation and indemnification agreements with its directors and officers, or the FBCA, each as in effect as of the date of the Merger Agreement, will survive the Merger and shall be observed by HTE to the fullest
extent available under Florida law for a period of six years from the completion of the Merger. 

In addition, the Merger Agreement requires HTE to maintain in effect HTEs existing policies of directors and officers liability insurance through their expiration date of July 1, 2003
or to purchase a tail policy of directors and officers liability insurance for the benefit of the Indemnified Persons with respect to their acts and omissions occurring prior to the completion of the Merger providing coverage
comparable to HTEs existing policies through July 1, 2003, and, to the extent available from HTEs current insurance carriers, to extend such policies or purchase a tail policy for an additional one year period until July 1, 2004 for the
benefit of the Indemnified Persons with respect to their acts and omissions occurring prior to the completion of the Merger. However, HTE will not be required to pay an aggregate premium for such policies of directors and officers



liability insurance and tail policies in excess of $300,000. HTE may elect after July 1, 2004 to purchase a tail policy for the benefit of
the Indemnified Persons with respect to their acts and omissions occurring prior to the completion of the Merger providing coverage comparable to HTEs existing policies, covering the period of time from July 1, 2004 until the sixth anniversary
of the completion of the Merger. 

SunGard will
cause HTE to perform all of HTEs obligations under the indemnification provisions of the Merger Agreement. In the event that at any time from and after the completion of the Merger until the sixth anniversary thereof, HTE does not have the
policies of directors and officers liability insurance or tail policies required or permitted under the indemnification provisions of the Merger Agreement, SunGard will guarantee the indemnification obligations of HTE to the Indemnified
Persons in an amount not to exceed in the aggregate the Guaranteed Amount. The Guaranteed Amount means (i) Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) less (ii) any amounts paid to or for the benefit of any or all of the Indemnified Persons by HTE
or SunGard (or any other affiliate of SunGard) or pursuant to any policies of directors and officers liability insurance or tail policies maintained by or on behalf of SunGard or HTE (or any other affiliate of SunGard); provided,
however, that except as provided in this provision, SunGard will have no other obligations concerning indemnification with respect to Indemnified Persons or the guarantee of indemnification obligations. Nothing in the indemnification provisions of
the Merger Agreement obligates SunGard to provide general funding or other financial support to HTE. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Merger Agreement provides that if the Net Tangible Assets (as defined below) of SunGard, as reflected
in its audited financial statements for any fiscal year ended after December 31, 2003 and prior to the sixth anniversary of the completion of the Merger, is less than Five Hundred Million Dollars ($500,000,000), HTE will promptly purchase one or
more new tail policies of directors and officers liability insurance for the benefit of the Indemnified Persons with respect to their acts and omissions occurring prior to the completion of the Merger providing coverage in an amount
equal to the Guaranteed Amount as of such date, and otherwise comparable to HTEs existing policies, covering the period of time commencing on the date such new policies are issued until the sixth anniversary of the completion of the Merger.
Net Tangible Assets means the total assets of SunGard (excluding goodwill, and other intangible assets), less total liabilities, all as reflected on SunGards audited consolidated balance sheet. Further, HTE will promptly purchase
such new policies in an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amount as of such date prior to (i) the filing of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding of SunGard as debtor, (ii) an assignment for the benefit of creditors by or on behalf of
SunGard, or (iii) any other insolvency proceeding involving SunGard, in any case covering the period of time commencing on the date such new policies are issued until the sixth anniversary of the completion of the Merger. These provisions are
enforceable by each Indemnified Person and his heirs and representatives. 

Conditions to the Merger 

The Merger Agreement provides that the respective obligations of each party to complete the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, consisting of the following: 



if required by applicable law (i.e. if, following successful completion of the Offer the Purchaser owns less than 80% of the then outstanding shares of HTE common
stock), the Merger must have been approved by the shareholders of HTE in accordance with the FBCA and HTEs charter documents; 



the Purchaser or SunGard must have accepted for payment, and paid for, all of the shares of HTE common stock that were validly tendered in the Offer and not
properly withdrawn; and 



no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the completion of the Merger shall have been issued by any court of
competent jurisdiction and remain in effect, and there shall not be any law enacted or deemed applicable to the Merger that makes completion of the Merger illegal; provided, that, subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement, in the case of a
restraining order, injunction or other order, each of the parties shall have used their commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of any such restraining order, injunction or other order and to appeal as promptly as possible any
restraining order, injunction or other order that may be entered. 



Termination
of the Merger Agreement 

The Merger Agreement
may be terminated, and the Offer may be abandoned, at any time prior to the closing of the Offer or the completion of the Merger: 



by mutual written consent of SunGard and HTE; 



prior to the completion of the Merger, by either SunGard or HTE if a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental body shall have issued a final and
nonappealable order, decree or ruling, or shall have taken any other action, having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the acceptance of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer or the Merger or making the
purchase by the Purchaser of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer or completion of the Merger illegal; provided, that in the case of a restraining order, injunction or other order, each of the parties are required to use their commercially
reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of any such restraining order, injunction or other order and to appeal as promptly as possible any restraining order, injunction or other order that may be entered; 



prior to the completion of the Offer, by either SunGard or HTE if the Offer shall have expired without the acceptance for payment of shares of HTE common stock,
provided that (i) a party shall not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement for that reason if the failure of the acceptance for payment of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer is attributable to a failure on the part of such party to
perform any covenant in the Merger Agreement (an Expiration Termination) and (ii) HTE shall not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement for that reason unless it pays the termination fee and makes the other payments required to be
made by HTE to SunGard under the Merger Agreement; 



prior to the completion of the Offer, by either SunGard or HTE if the acceptance for payment of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer shall not have occurred on
or prior to the close of business on April 18, 2003; provided that (i) a party shall not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement for that reason if the failure of the acceptance for payment of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer by the
close of business on April 18, 2003 is attributable to a failure on the part of such party to perform any covenant in the Merger Agreement or a material breach of any representation or warranty by such party (a Drop-Dead Date
Termination) and (ii) HTE shall not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement for that reason unless it pays the termination fee and makes the other payments required to be made by HTE to SunGard under the Merger Agreement;



prior to the completion of the Merger, by SunGard if any triggering event (as defined below) shall have occurred (a Triggering Event
Termination); 



prior to the completion of the Merger, by SunGard if: (i)(x) certain specified representations and warranties of HTE shall not be true and correct in any
material respect (determined without regard to any knowledge or materiality qualifications therein), except to the extent any such representations and warranties are qualified by a material adverse effect qualification, in which case any
such representations and warranties shall not be true and correct in any respect, in each case as of the date of the Merger Agreement or as of a date subsequent to the date of the Merger Agreement as if made on such subsequent date (other than to
the extent any such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case any such representations and warranties shall not be true and correct in any material respect as of such earlier date, determined without regard to
any knowledge or materiality qualifications therein, except to the extent any such representations and warranties are qualified by a material adverse effect qualification, in which case any such representations and warranties shall not
be true and correct in any respect as of such earlier date), or (y) any of the representations and warranties of HTE set forth in the Merger Agreement shall not be true and correct (determined without regard to any knowledge qualifications or any
materiality or material adverse effect qualifications therein), as of the date of the Merger Agreement or as of a date subsequent to the date of the Merger Agreement as if made on such subsequent date (other than to the extent any such
representations and 



warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case any such representations and warranties shall not be true and correct as of
such earlier date, determined without regard to any knowledge qualifications or any materiality or material adverse effect qualifications therein), except for purposes of this subclause (y), to the extent the failure of any such
representations or warranties to be true and correct, taken together in their entirety, would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect, or (ii) HTE shall not have performed and
complied, in all material respects, with each material covenant or agreement contained in the Merger Agreement and required to be performed or complied with by it, subject in either case to certain cure rights (a HTE Breach Termination);



prior to the completion of the Offer, by HTE if: (i) any of SunGards representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement shall fail to be true
and correct as of the date of the Merger Agreement, or as of a date subsequent to the date of the Merger Agreement (as if made on such subsequent date) (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in
which case such representations and warranties shall not be true and correct as of such earlier date), except where such failure does not have a material adverse effect on the ability of SunGard or the Purchaser to consummate the Offer or the
Merger; or (ii) if SunGard shall not have complied with, in all material respects, SunGards covenants contained in the Merger Agreement, except where such noncompliance does not have a material adverse effect on the ability of SunGard or the
Purchaser to consummate the Offer or the Merger, subject in either case to certain cure rights; 



prior to the completion of the Offer, by HTE if HTE has proposed to enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal or has approved or recommended a
Superior Proposal, provided that HTE has complied with all of the nonsolicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement, including the notice provisions therein, and simultaneously with such termination, HTE pays the termination fee and makes the other
payments required to be made by HTE to SunGard under the Merger Agreement (a Superior Proposal Termination); or 



prior to the completion of the Offer, by SunGard if any person or group (as defined in the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) of persons
directly or indirectly acquires or agrees to acquire beneficial or record ownership of securities representing more than 15% of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of HTE (a HTE Stock Acquisition Termination).

A triggering event
shall be deemed to have occurred if: (i) HTEs board of directors shall have failed to recommend that HTEs shareholders accept the Offer and tender their shares of HTE common stock in the Offer or vote to adopt the Merger Agreement, or
shall have withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to SunGard or the Purchaser the HTE Board Recommendation; (ii) HTE shall have failed to include in the Schedule 14D-9 the HTE Board Recommendation or a statement to the effect that HTEs
board of directors has determined and believes that the Offer and the Merger are in the best interests of HTEs shareholders; (iii) HTEs board of directors fails to reaffirm HTE Board Recommendation, or fails to reaffirm its determination
that the Offer and the Merger are in the best interests of HTEs shareholders, within five business days after SunGard requests in writing that such recommendation or determination be reaffirmed; (iv) HTEs board of directors shall have
approved, endorsed, recommended or taken a neutral position with respect to any Acquisition Proposal; (v) HTE shall have entered into any letter of intent or similar document or any Contract relating to any Acquisition Proposal (other than a
confidentiality agreement that is entered into in accordance with the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement); (vi) a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of HTE shall have been commenced and HTE shall not have sent to its
securityholders, within 10 business days after the commencement of such tender or exchange offer, a statement disclosing that HTE recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer; (vii) an Acquisition Proposal is publicly announced, disclosed
or commenced or submitted, made or publicly communicated to HTEs board of directors and HTE fails to comply with certain requirements set forth in the Merger Agreement; or (viii) HTE or any of its subsidiaries or any representative of HTE or
any of its subsidiaries shall have breached any of the nonsolicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement. 



Fees and Expenses; Termination Fee 

The Merger Agreement provides that all fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (including the Offer and the Merger) will be paid by the party or parties, as applicable, incurring such expenses, whether or not the Offer
and the Merger are successfully completed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, under the terms of the Merger Agreement SunGard and HTE will share equally all fees and expenses, other than attorneys fees, accounting fees and financial
advisory fees, incurred in connection with (A) the filing, printing and mailing of the documents relating to the Offer and the proxy statement relating to the Merger and any amendments or supplements thereto and (B) the filing of any notice or other
document under any applicable antitrust law or regulation. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated under the circumstances described below, the fees and expenses described in each of the paragraphs below will become payable: 



If (i) except as provided below, the Merger Agreement is terminated by SunGard or HTE pursuant to an Expiration Termination or a Drop-Dead Date Termination and at
or prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement an Acquisition Proposal shall have been disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted or made, (ii) the Merger Agreement is terminated by SunGard pursuant to a Triggering Event Termination, (iii) the
Merger Agreement is terminated by SunGard pursuant to a HTE Breach Termination and at or prior to the time of the termination of the Merger Agreement an Acquisition Proposal shall have been disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted or made and
within one year from the date of termination HTE enters into an agreement with respect to, approves, recommends or consummates, an Acquisition Proposal or agrees or resolves to do any of the foregoing, (iv) the Merger Agreement is terminated by HTE
pursuant to a Superior Proposal Termination, or (v) except as provided below, the Merger Agreement is terminated by SunGard pursuant to a HTE Stock Acquisition Termination and at or prior to the time of the termination of the Merger Agreement an
Acquisition Proposal shall have been disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted or made, then HTE shall pay to SunGard, in cash (in addition to any reimbursement of expenses described below), a nonrefundable termination fee in the amount equal to
$4,000,000. 

However,
notwithstanding clauses (i) or (v) above, no termination fee shall be required to be paid pursuant to clauses (i) or (v) above if, within five business days after the Acquisition Proposal shall have been publicly disclosed, announced or commenced or
publicly or non-publicly submitted, made or communicated to HTEs board of directors, HTEs board of directors (A) determines that such Acquisition Proposal does not constitute a Superior Proposal, (B) so notifies, in writing, SunGard and
the person or persons that made the Acquisition Proposal and (C) in the case of an Acquisition Proposal that has been publicly disclosed, within five business days thereafter files with the SEC, and mails to HTEs shareholders, a supplement to
HTEs Schedule 14D-9 describing such determination and reaffirming HTEs recommendation of the Offer and the Merger, provided, however, that if at any time prior to the date one year after the date of any such termination pursuant to
clauses (i) or (v) above, HTE enters into an agreement with respect to, approves, recommends or consummates, an Acquisition Proposal, or agrees or resolves to do any of the foregoing, HTE shall pay the termination fee described above. 



If (w) except as provided below, the Merger Agreement is terminated by SunGard or HTE pursuant to an Expiration Termination or a Drop-Dead Date Termination and
prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement an Acquisition Proposal shall have been disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted or made, (x) the Merger Agreement is terminated by SunGard pursuant to a Triggering Event Termination or a HTE Breach
Termination, (y) the Merger Agreement is terminated by HTE pursuant to a Superior Proposal Termination, or (z) the Merger Agreement is terminated by SunGard pursuant to a HTE Stock Acquisition Termination, HTE shall make a nonrefundable cash payment
to SunGard in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all reasonable fees and expenses (including all attorneys fees, 



accountants fees, financial advisory fees and all filing fees) that have been paid or that may become payable by or on behalf of
SunGard in connection with the due diligence review of HTE by SunGard, the Purchaser and their respective representatives, the preparation and negotiation of the Merger Agreement and otherwise in connection with the Offer, the Merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; provided, however, that such nonrefundable cash payment shall not exceed $500,000. 

Procedure for Amendment, Extension or Waiver 

Subject to applicable law and subject to the other provisions of the Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreement
may be amended by the parties at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of SunGard, the Purchaser and HTE. 

Definition of Material Adverse Effect 

The Merger Agreement provides that material adverse effect means an event, occurrence, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or
other matter which, considered alone or together with any other matter or matters, had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the business, condition (financial or otherwise), capitalization, assets, liabilities,
operations, revenues, results of operations, cash flows, financial performance or prospects of HTE and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of HTE to consummate the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement or to perform any of its obligations under the Merger Agreement, or (iii) SunGards or the Purchasers ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to the stock of HTE or
the surviving corporation in the Merger; provided, however, that in determining whether there has been a material adverse effect, any adverse effects directly resulting from or directly attributable to general economic conditions or
general conditions in the industry in which HTE and its subsidiaries do business, which conditions do not affect HTE and its subsidiaries in a materially disproportionate manner, shall be disregarded. 

The Tender and Voting Agreements 

The following is a summary of the Tender and Voting Agreements
entered into by SunGard, the Purchaser and Bernard B. Markey, Joseph M. Loughry, III, L.A. Gornto, Jr., O.F. Ramos, Edward A. Moses, George P. Keeley, D. Van R. Morris, Tyler Technologies, Inc. and Constellation Software, Inc. The following summary
does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Tender and Voting Agreements and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Tender and Voting Agreements, copies of which are filed as exhibits to the Tender
Offer Statement on Schedule TO that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Purchaser and SunGard in connection with the Offer, and which is incorporated in this Offer to Purchase by reference. 

As a condition and inducement to SunGard and the Purchaser to
enter into the Merger Agreement, Bernard B. Markey, Joseph M. Loughry, III, L.A. Gornto, Jr., O.F. Ramos, Edward A. Moses, George P. Keeley and D. Van R. Morris, each of whom is a director and, in certain cases, an officer of HTE, and Tyler
Technologies, Inc. and Constellation Software, Inc. have entered into Tender and Voting Agreements with SunGard and the Purchaser pursuant to which they have agreed, in their capacity as shareholders of HTE, to tender all of their shares of HTE
common stock, and, in the case of Tyler Technologies, Inc. and Constellation Software, Inc., any additional shares of HTE common stock which they may acquire, to the Purchaser in the Offer. As of February 3, 2003, such directors and shareholders
held in the aggregate 7,884,402 shares of HTE common stock, which represented approximately 43.2% of HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares as of such date. 



Under the
terms of the Tender and Voting Agreements, each such director or shareholder has agreed, in such persons capacity as a shareholder of HTE, as follows: 



to promptly (and, in any event, not later than five business days after commencement of the Offer) tender or cause to be tendered into the Offer, pursuant to and in
accordance with the terms of the Offer, and not withdraw or cause to be withdrawn (except following the termination of the Offer in accordance with its terms), all of such shareholders shares of HTE common stock; 



that until the earlier of the completion of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement, at any meeting of HTEs shareholders, and in any action by
consent of HTEs shareholders, such shareholder shall vote (or cause to be voted) all of such shareholders shares of HTE common stock in favor of the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement, the Merger and all the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the Tender and Voting Agreements and otherwise in such manner as may be necessary to consummate the Merger; and 



to appoint SunGard and certain representatives of SunGard as such shareholders attorney, agent and proxy, with full power of substitution, to vote and
otherwise act with respect to all such shareholders shares of HTE common stock at any meeting of HTEs shareholders, and in any action by written consent of HTEs shareholders, on the matters and in the manner specified in the Tender
and Voting Agreements. 

As
discussed below, Tyler Technologies, Inc. does not have voting rights with respect to the shares owned by it and the voting agreement and proxy provided in the Tender and Voting Agreements will be applicable if, and to the extent, that such shares
subsequently receive voting rights. 

Each such
shareholder has also agreed that, with certain limited exceptions, such shareholder shall not (except as contemplated by the Tender and Voting Agreements itself) sell, transfer, tender (except into the Offer) or otherwise dispose of, or grant a
proxy or power of attorney with respect to, or enter into any voting agreement, or create or permit to exist any encumbrances of any nature whatsoever with respect to, any of such shareholders shares of HTE common stock. In addition, each such
shareholder has agreed not to take any action that would make any representation or warranty of such shareholder therein untrue or incorrect or have the effect of preventing, delaying or disabling such shareholder from performing such
shareholders obligations thereunder. Finally, each such shareholder has also agreed not to solicit, initiate, facilitate or encourage any inquiries relating to, or the submission of, any Acquisition Proposal, or participate in any discussions
or negotiations regarding or in connection with any Acquisition Proposal, or furnish to any person any information or data with respect to or provide access to the properties of HTE or any of its subsidiaries, or take any other action to facilitate
the making of any proposal that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, or enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or approve or resolve to approve any Acquisition Proposal, provided
that such provision shall not prevent a shareholder from acting in such shareholders capacity as a director or officer of HTE, or taking any action in such capacity (including at the direction of HTEs board of directors), to the extent
permitted by the nonsolicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement. 

Tyler Technologies, Inc., the owner of 5,618,952 shares of HTE common stock, is a party to a Tender and Voting Agreement with SunGard and the Purchaser. Tyler purchased such shares in 1999 in a control-share
acquisition, as defined in Section 607.0902 of the FBCA. See Section 14 (Certain Legal MattersControl Share Acquisition Statute) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. As a result of litigation between Tyler and HTE, on December
11, 2002, the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida in Orlando, Florida issued a Declaratory Judgment finding, among other things, that: 



Tyler did not have the right to vote any of the 5,618,952 shares that it acquired in the control-share acquisition; and 



any subsequent bona fide purchaser of these shares from Tyler, who was not affiliated with Tyler in any manner, who did not acquire the shares from Tyler in a
control-share acquisition, and who complied with the control-share acquisition statute, would be afforded full voting rights with respect to such shares. 



Tyler has
appealed the Declaratory Judgment with respect to its right to vote shares that do not exceed the control-share statute acquisition threshold. In the Tender and Voting Agreement, Tyler agreed to dismiss its appeal upon the completion of the Offer or
the Merger. 

The board of directors of HTE has
approved the Purchasers acquisition of the shares owned by Tyler and has determined that the Purchaser will meet the conditions set forth in the Declaratory Judgment with respect to voting rights. Accordingly, upon the Purchasers
acquisition of the shares owned by Tyler in the Offer, the Purchaser will have full voting rights with respect to such shares. 

13.    Certain Conditions to the Offer 

The Merger Agreement provides that the Purchaser shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange
Act (relating to the Purchasers obligation to pay for or return tendered shares of HTE common stock promptly after termination or withdrawal of the Offer), pay for, and may delay the acceptance for payment of or the payment for, any tendered
shares of HTE common stock, and may amend the Offer consistent with the terms of the Merger Agreement or terminate the Offer and not accept for payment any tendered shares of HTE common stock, if: 



the Minimum Condition shall not have been satisfied at the time of expiration of the Offer, as it may be extended; or 



on any scheduled expiration date of the Offer, any of the following events or circumstances shall occur or exist or shall be reasonably determined by SunGard or the
Purchaser to have occurred or exist, and in the sole good faith judgment of SunGard or the Purchaser, and regardless of the circumstances giving rise to such event or circumstance, such event or circumstance makes it inadvisable to proceed with the
Offer and/or with such acceptance for payment of or payment for shares of HTE common stock: 



any waiting period under any applicable antitrust law or regulation (including the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended) or other law
shall not have expired or been terminated or any consent required under any applicable antitrust law or regulation or other law shall not have been obtained; 



(i) (x) certain specified representations and warranties of HTE in the Merger Agreement shall not be true and correct in any material respect as of such time
(determined without regard to any knowledge or materiality qualifications therein), except to the extent any such representations and warranties are qualified by a material adverse effect qualification, in which case any such
representations and warranties shall not be true and correct in any respect as of such time (other than to the extent any such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case any such representations and warranties
shall not be true and correct in any material respect as of such earlier date, determined without regard to any knowledge or materiality qualifications therein, except to the extent any such representations and warranties are qualified by
material adverse effect, in which case any such representations and warranties shall not be true and correct in any respect as of such earlier date), or (y) any of the representations and warranties of HTE set forth in the Merger
Agreement shall not be true and correct (determined without regard to any knowledge qualifications or any materiality or material adverse effect qualifications therein), as of such time (other than to the extent any such representations
and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall not be true and correct as of such earlier date, determined without regard to any knowledge qualifications or any materiality or
material adverse effect qualifications therein), except for purposes of this subclause (y), to the extent the failure of any such representations and warranties to be true and correct, taken together in their entirety, would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect; or (ii) HTE shall not have performed and complied, in all material respects, with each material covenant or agreement contained in the Merger
Agreement and required to be performed or complied with by it; 





since the date of the Merger Agreement, there shall have occurred any material adverse effect, or any event shall have occurred or circumstance shall
exist that, in combination with any other events or circumstances, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect; 



any consent identified in the Merger Agreement, or any other material consent required to be obtained in connection with the Offer, the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, shall not have been obtained or shall not be in full force and effect; 



any temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the purchase by the Purchaser of shares of HTE common stock in the
Offer or completion of the Merger shall have been issued by any court of competent jurisdiction and remain in effect, or there shall be any law enacted or deemed applicable by a governmental body to the Offer or the Merger that makes the purchase by
the Purchaser of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer or completion of the Merger illegal; 



there shall be pending or threatened any proceeding in which a governmental body is or is threatened to become a party or is otherwise involved or either SunGard or
HTE shall have received a communication from any governmental body in which such governmental body indicates the intention of commencing any legal proceeding or taking any other action: (i) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the purchase
of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer or completion of the Merger; (ii) relating to the Offer or the Merger and seeking to obtain from SunGard or any of HTE and its subsidiaries, any damages or other relief that may be material to SunGard or
HTE and its subsidiaries; (iii) seeking to prohibit or limit in any material respect SunGards or the Purchasers ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to the stock of HTE;
(iv) that could materially and adversely affect the right of SunGard or any of HTE and its subsidiaries to own the assets or operate the business of HTE and its subsidiaries; or (v) seeking to compel any of HTE and its subsidiaries, SunGard or any
subsidiary of SunGard to dispose of or hold separate any material assets as a result of the Offer or the Merger; 



there shall be pending any proceeding in which, in the reasonable judgment of SunGard, there is a reasonable possibility of an outcome that could have a
material adverse effect or a material adverse effect on SunGard: (i) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the purchase of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer or completion of the Merger; (ii) relating to the Offer or the
Merger and seeking to obtain from SunGard or any of HTE and its subsidiaries, any damages or other relief that may be material to SunGard or HTE and its subsidiaries; (iii) seeking to prohibit or limit in any material respect SunGards or the
Purchasers ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to the stock of HTE; (iv) that would materially and adversely affect the right of SunGard or any of HTE and its subsidiaries, to
own the assets or operate the business of any of HTE and its subsidiaries; or (v) seeking to compel any of HTE and its subsidiaries, SunGard or any subsidiary of SunGard to dispose of or hold separate any material assets as a result of the Offer or
the Merger; 



there shall not have occurred and be continuing: (i) (A) any general suspension of trading in, or limitation on prices for, securities on The Nasdaq Stock
Market or New York Stock Exchange for a period in excess of 24 hours (excluding any organized halt triggered solely as a result of a specified decrease in a market index or suspensions or limitations resulting solely from physical damage,
technological or software breakdowns or malfunctions or interference with such exchange not related to market conditions) or (B) any decline in any of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Standard & Poors Index of 500 Industrial
Companies, the Nasdaq Composite Index or the Nasdaq Computer and Data Processing Index in excess of 25% measured from the close of business on the date of the Merger Agreement; (ii) a declaration by a governmental body of a banking moratorium or any
suspension of payments in respect of banks in the United States; (iii) an act of terrorism or a commencement of a war, armed hostilities or other international or national calamity directly or 



indirectly involving the United States, which in any case could have a material adverse effect or could materially adversely
affect SunGards or the Purchasers ability to purchase shares of HTE common stock in the Offer or consummate the Merger; (iv) any extraordinary limitation (whether or not mandatory) by any governmental body on the extension of credit
generally by banks or other financial institutions; or (v) a change in general financial, bank or capital market conditions which materially and adversely affects the ability of financial institutions in the United States to extend credit or
syndicate loans; 



the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms; 



a triggering event shall have occurred under the Merger Agreement; or 



any person or group (as defined in the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) of persons directly or indirectly acquires or agrees to
acquire beneficial or record ownership of securities representing more than 15% of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of HTE. 

The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of SunGard and the Purchaser and, subject to the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement, may be asserted by SunGard or the Purchaser regardless of the circumstances giving rise to such condition, and must be satisfied, unless waived by SunGard or the Purchaser in one or more respects (as described
below) prior to the Expiration Date. The foregoing conditions may be waived by SunGard or the Purchaser, in their reasonable discretion, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time prior to the Expiration Date, in each case subject to the
terms of the Merger Agreement. The failure by SunGard or the Purchaser at any time prior to the Expiration Date to exercise any of the foregoing rights will not be deemed a waiver of any such right and each such right will be deemed an ongoing right
that may be asserted at any time and from time to time prior to the Expiration Date. 

The foregoing paragraph notwithstanding, the condition requiring compliance with any applicable antitrust law or other governmental regulation may be satisfied or waived by SunGard or the Purchaser, in
their reasonable discretion, after the Expiration Date and prior to the Purchasers acceptance for payment of or payment for validly tendered shares. 

If the Offer is terminated pursuant to the foregoing provisions, all tendered shares of HTE common stock will be promptly returned to the
tendering shareholders. 

14.    Certain Legal Matters 

Except as described in this Section 14, based on information provided by HTE, none of HTE, the Purchaser or SunGard is aware of any license or regulatory permit that appears to be material to the
business of HTE that might be adversely affected by the Purchasers acquisition of shares of HTE common stock in connection with the Offer or the Merger, or of any approval or other action by a domestic or foreign governmental, administrative
or regulatory agency or authority that would be required for the acquisition and ownership of shares of HTE common stock by the Purchaser in connection with the Offer or the Merger. Should any such approval or other action be required, the Purchaser
and SunGard presently contemplate that such approval or other action will be sought, except as described below under State Takeover Statutes. While, except as otherwise described in this Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser does not
presently intend to delay the acceptance for payment of, or payment for, shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer pending the outcome of any such matter, there can be no assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed,
would be obtained or would be obtained without substantial conditions or that failure to obtain any such approval or other action might not result in consequences adverse to HTEs business or that certain parts of HTEs business might not
have to be disposed of or other substantial conditions complied with in the event that such approvals were not obtained or such other actions were not taken or in order to obtain any such approval or other action. If certain types of adverse action
are taken with respect to the matters discussed below, the Purchaser could decline to accept for payment, or pay for, shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer. See Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to
Purchase for certain conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to governmental actions. 



Florida Law

Affiliated Transaction
Statute
.  Because HTE is incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida, it is subject to Section 607.0901 (the Affiliated Transactions Statute) of the FBCA. The Affiliated Transactions Statute generally prohibits a
Florida corporation from engaging in an affiliated transaction with an interested shareholder, unless (i) the affiliated transaction is approved by a majority of the disinterested directors or by the affirmative vote of the
holders of two-thirds of the voting shares other than the shares beneficially owned by the interested shareholder, (ii) the corporation has not had more than 300 shareholders of record at any time for three years prior to the public announcement
relating to the affiliated transaction, or (iii) the corporation complies with certain statutory fair price provisions. 

Subject to certain exceptions, under the FBCA an interested shareholder is a person who beneficially owns more than 10% of the
corporations outstanding voting shares. In general terms, an affiliated transaction includes: (i) any merger or consolidation with an interested shareholder; (ii) the transfer to any interested shareholder of corporate assets with
a fair market value equal to 5% or more of the corporations consolidated assets or outstanding shares or representing 5% or more of the corporations earning power or net income; (iii) the issuance to any interested shareholder of shares
with a fair market value equal to 5% or more of the aggregate fair market value of all outstanding shares of the corporation; (iv) any reclassification of securities or corporate reorganization that will have the effect of increasing by more than 5%
the percentage of the corporations outstanding voting shares beneficially owned by any interested shareholder; (v) the liquidation or dissolution of the corporation if proposed by any interested shareholder; and (vi) any receipt by the
interested shareholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guaranties, pledges or other financial assistance or any tax credits or other tax advantages provided by or through the corporation. 

At the February 1, 2003 meeting of HTEs board of
directors, by unanimous vote of all directors, including a majority of disinterested directors, HTEs board of directors approved the Merger Agreement and each Tender and Voting Agreement and the transactions contemplated by those agreements,
including the Offer and the Merger. As a result, the provisions of the Affiliated Transactions Statute are not applicable to the Offer and the Merger and the transactions contemplated by such agreements. 

Control Share Acquisition Statute
.  HTE also
may be subject to Section 607.0902 of the FBCA (the Control Share Acquisition Statute). The Control Share Acquisition Statute provides that shares of a publicly held Florida corporation that are acquired in a control share
acquisition generally will have no voting rights unless such rights are conferred on those shares by the vote of the holders of a majority of all the outstanding shares other than interested shares. A control share acquisition is defined, with
certain exceptions, as the acquisition of the ownership of or the power to direct voting shares which would cause the acquirer to have voting power within the following ranges or to move upward from one range into another: (i) 20%, but less than

/

%; (ii) 33

/

%, but less than 50%; or (iii) 50% or more of such votes. 

The Control Share Acquisition Statute does not apply to an acquisition of shares of a publicly held Florida corporation (i) pursuant to a
merger or share exchange effected in compliance with the FBCA if the publicly held Florida corporation is a party to the merger or share exchange agreement, or (ii) if such acquisition has been approved by the board of directors of that corporation
before the acquisition. 

Because the Control
Share Acquisition Statute specifically exempts (i) an acquisition of shares of a publicly held Florida corporation which has been approved by the board of directors of the such corporation before the acquisition, and (ii) a merger effected in
compliance with the FBCA if the publicly held Florida corporation is a party to the merger agreement, the provisions of the Control Share Acquisition Statute are not applicable to the Offer or to the Merger. At the February 1, 2003 meeting of
HTEs board of directors, by unanimous vote of all directors, HTEs board of directors approved the acquisition of the Shares (as defined in the Tender and Voting Agreements) pursuant to the Tender and Voting Agreements, the acquisition of
Shares pursuant to the Offer, and the Merger Agreement. 



Short-Form
Merger
.  Section 607.1104 of the FBCA provides generally that, if a parent corporation owns at least 80% of the outstanding shares of each class of a subsidiary corporation, the parent corporation may merge into the subsidiary
corporation by a plan of merger adopted by the board of directors of the parent corporation and the appropriate filings with the Florida Department of State, without the approval of the shareholders of the subsidiary corporation (a short-form
merger). In accordance with the FBCA, if the Purchaser acquires at least 80% of the outstanding Shares, the Purchaser will be able to effect the Merger without a vote of the other shareholders of HTE. In such event, HTE has agreed in the
Merger Agreement to take, at the request of the Purchaser, all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective after such acquisition without a meeting or vote of HTEs shareholders. 

State Takeover Statutes 

A number of states have adopted laws that purport, to varying
degrees, to apply to attempts to acquire corporations that are incorporated in, or that have substantial assets, shareholders, principal executive offices or principal places of business or whose business operations otherwise have substantial
economic effects in, such states. 

Although HTE,
directly or through subsidiaries, conducts business in a number of states throughout the United States, some of which have enacted such laws, SunGard and the Purchaser believe it is unlikely that the antitakeover laws and regulations of any state
other than the State of Florida will by their terms apply to the Offer or the Merger and, except as described above with respect to the Affiliated Transaction Statute and the Control Share Acquisition Statute of the FBCA, neither SunGard or the
Purchaser has attempted to comply with any state antitakeover statute or regulation in connection with the Offer or the Merger. SunGard and the Purchaser reserve the right to challenge the applicability or validity of any state law purportedly
applicable to the Offer or the Merger and nothing in this Offer to Purchase or any action taken in connection with the Offer or the Merger is intended as a waiver of such right. If it is asserted that any state antitakeover statute is applicable to
the Offer or the Merger and an appropriate court does not determine that it is inapplicable or invalid as applied to the Offer or the Merger, SunGard and the Purchaser might be required to file certain information with, or to receive approvals from,
the relevant state authorities, and SunGard and the Purchaser might be unable to accept for payment or pay for shares of HTE common stock tendered pursuant to the Offer, or may be delayed in continuing or consummating the Offer or completing the
Merger. In such case, the Purchaser may not be obligated to accept for payment, or pay for, any shares of HTE common stock tendered pursuant to the Offer. See Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. 

Antitrust 

United States Antitrust Law
.  Under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act), and the rules that have been promulgated under the HSR Act by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC) with the consent of the Assistant Attorney
General in charge of the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the Antitrust Division), certain acquisition transactions may not be consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the FTC and the Antitrust
Division and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied. These requirements apply to SunGards and the Purchasers acquisition of HTE common stock in the Offer and the Merger. 

Under the HSR Act, the purchase of HTE common stock in the
Offer may not be completed until the expiration of a 15-calendar-day waiting period following the filing of certain required information and documentary material concerning the Offer with the FTC and Antitrust Division, unless the waiting period is
earlier terminated by the FTC and the Antitrust Division. On or about February 6, 2003, SunGard filed Premerger Notification and Report Forms under the HSR Act with the FTC and the Antitrust Division in connection with the purchase of shares of HTE
common stock in the Offer and the Merger. As a result, the required waiting period with respect to the Offer and the Merger would expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on or about February 21, 2003, unless earlier terminated by the FTC and the
Antitrust Division or SunGard receives a request 



for additional information or documentary material prior to that time. If, within the 15-calendar-day waiting period, either the FTC or the
Antitrust Division requests additional information or documentary materials from SunGard, the waiting period would be extended for an additional period of 10 calendar days following the date of its substantial compliance with that request. Only one
extension of the waiting period pursuant to a request for additional information is authorized by the HSR Act rules. Thereafter, the waiting period could be extended only by an order of a court or with the consent of the filing party. In practice,
complying with a request for additional information or documentary materials can take a significant period of time. Although HTE is also required to make an HSR Act filing with the FTC and the Antitrust Division in connection with the Offer, neither
HTEs failure to make that filing nor a request made to HTE from the FTC or the Antitrust Division for additional information or documentary materials will extend the waiting period with respect to the purchase of shares of HTE common stock in
the Offer and the Merger. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the FTC and the Antitrust Division frequently scrutinize the legality under the antitrust laws of transactions such as the Purchasers acquisition of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer and the Merger. At any time before the
Purchasers acquisition of shares of HTE common stock, the FTC or the Antitrust Division could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the Purchasers
acquisition of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer, the Merger or otherwise, or seeking the divestiture of shares of HTE common stock acquired by the Purchaser, or the divestiture of substantial assets of HTE or its subsidiaries. At any time
after the Purchasers acquisition of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer and the Merger, the FTC or the Antitrust Division could take such action under the antitrust laws as either deems necessary or desirable in the public interest,
including seeking the divestiture of the shares of HTE common stock acquired by the Purchaser in the Offer and the Merger or the divestiture of substantial assets of HTE or its subsidiaries. Private parties, as well as state governments, may also
bring legal action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer or the Merger or other acquisition of shares of HTE common stock by the Purchaser on antitrust grounds will not be made
or, if such a challenge is made, of the result. See Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for certain conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to litigation and certain governmental actions.

Federal Reserve Board Regulations 

Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board (the
Margin Regulations) restrict the extension or maintenance of credit for the purpose of buying or carrying margin stock, including the shares of HTE common stock, if the credit is secured directly or indirectly by margin stock. Such
secured credit may not be extended or maintained in an amount that exceeds the maximum loan value of all the direct and indirect collateral securing the credit, including margin stock and other collateral. To the extent SunGard funds the purchase of
shares of HTE common stock through its Credit Agreements, such borrowings will be in compliance with the margin regulations. 

15.    Fees and Expenses 

The Purchaser and SunGard have retained D.F. King & Co., Inc. to act as the Information Agent for the Offer, and Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A. to serve as the Depositary for the Offer. Each of the Information Agent
and the Depositary will receive reasonable and customary compensation for their services, be reimbursed for certain reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and be indemnified against certain liabilities and expenses in connection with their services,
including certain liabilities and expenses under United States federal securities laws. 

The Information Agent may contact holders of HTE common stock by mail, telephone, facsimile, email, telegraph and personal interview and may request banks, brokers, dealers and other nominees to
forward materials relating to the Offer to beneficial owners of HTE common stock. 



Neither the
Purchaser nor SunGard will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than to the Depositary, the Information Agent and in the event that the laws of one or more jurisdictions require the Offer to be made by a
licensed broker or dealer to a broker or dealer licensed in such jurisdiction, to such broker or dealer) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of shares of HTE common stock in connection with the Offer. Upon request, the Purchaser will
reimburse brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and other nominees for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding material to their customers. 

16.    Miscellaneous 

The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of shares of HTE common stock in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance of the Offer would not be in
compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. Neither the Purchaser nor SunGard is aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance of the Offer would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. To the
extent that the Purchaser or SunGard becomes aware of any state law that would limit the class of offerees in the Offer, the Purchaser may amend, in its discretion, the Offer and, depending on the timing of such amendment, if any, may extend, in its
discretion, the Offer to provide adequate dissemination of such information to holders of shares of HTE common stock prior to the expiration of the Offer. 

No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation on behalf of the Purchaser or SunGard that is not
contained in this Offer to Purchase or in the Letter of Transmittal and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized. 

The Purchaser and SunGard have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Tender Offer Statement on
Schedule TO pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act, together with exhibits, furnishing certain additional information with respect to the Offer, and may file amendments to such document. In addition, HTE has filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 pursuant to Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, together with exhibits, containing its recommendation with respect to the Offer and the reasons for such recommendation and
furnishing certain additional information with respect to the Offer. Such documents and any amendments to such documents, including the related exhibits, should be available for inspection and copies should be obtainable in the manner described in
Section 8 (Certain Information Concerning HTE) of this Offer to Purchase, except that such material will not be available at the regional offices of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

February 14, 2003 
            LAKE ACQUISITION CORP. INC.



SCHEDULE I 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF 
SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS INC. AND LAKE ACQUISITION CORP. INC. 

Directors and Executive Officers of SunGard Data Systems Inc. 

The name, business address, present principal occupation or employment and material occupations, positions,
offices or employment for the past five years of each of the directors and executive officers of SunGard Data Systems Inc. are set forth below. Except as indicated below, the business address of each such director or executive officer is c/o SunGard
Data Systems Inc., 1285 Drummers Lane, Wayne, Pennsylvania 19087. All directors and officers listed below are citizens of the United States except for Ramon de Oliveira, Till M. Guldimann and Brian Robins. 

Name and Position

Age

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History for Past Five Years

Gregory S. Bentley,

Director (since 1991)

Chief Executive Officer (since September 2000), President and Chairman of the Board
(since 1995) and Vice President (1991 to 1995), Bentley Systems, Inc. (engineering software company), 685 Stockton Drive, Exton, PA 19341; President (1983 to 1991), SunGard Systems International Inc., a subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc., since
1987.

Michael C. Brooks,

Director (since 1985)

General Partner (since May 2000), Venrock Associates (venture capital firm), 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY
10112; General Partner (1985 to April 2000), J. H. Whitney & Co., Stamford, CT (venture capital firm).

Cristbal Conde,

Director (since 1999)

President and Chief Executive Officer

Chief Executive Officer (since August 2002), President (since February 2000), Chief Operating Officer (1999 to August
2002) and Executive Vice President (1998 to 1999), SunGard Data Systems Inc.; Chief Executive Officer (1991 to 1998), SunGard Trading Systems Group.

Ramon de Oliveira,

Director (since October 2001)

Managing Partner (since December 2001), Logan Pass Partners, LLC (strategic advisory and investment firm), 420
Lexington Avenue, Suite 1820, New York, NY 10170; Head of Investment Management & Private Banking businesses (1997 to August 2001) and various senior executive positions (1977 to 1997), J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., (formerly J.P. Morgan &
Co.), New York, NY (investment banking firm); Adjunct Professor of Finance at Columbia University (since February 2002) and at New York University (since September 2002).

Henry C. Duques,

Director (since June 2001)

Chairman of the Board (1992 to December 2002) and Chief Executive Officer
(1992 to December 2001), First Data Corporation (electronic commerce and payment services company), 401 N. Cattleman Road, Suite 106, Sarasota, FL 34232. Director of CheckFree Corporation, First Data Corporation and Unisys
Corporation.

I-1 



Name and Position

Age

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History for Past Five Years

Albert A. Eisenstat,

Director (since 1991)

Director of public companies and private investor (since 1993); various senior
executive positions (1980 to 1993), Apple Computer, Inc., Cupertino, California (computer/software company). Director of all funds in the American Century Fixed Income Funds and Business Objects, S.A.

Bernard Goldstein,

Director (since 1994)

Retired; Director (1997 to December 2002) and Managing Director (1979 to 1996),
Broadview International LLC (investment banking firm), One Bridge Plaza, Suite 500, Fort Lee, NJ 07024. Director of Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. and SPSS, Inc.

Janet Brutschea Haugen,

Director (since August 2002)

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (since July 2000), Corporate Controller (1996 to 2000), Unisys
Corporation (worldwide information technology services and solutions company), Unisys Way, Blue Bell, PA 19424; Partner (1993 to 1996), Ernst & Young LLP.

James L. Mann,

Director (since 1983),

Chairman of the Board

Chairman of the Board (since 1987), Chief Executive Officer (1986 to August 2002), President (1986 to February 2000)
and Chief Operating Officer (1983 to 1985), SunGard Data Systems Inc. Director of T-Netix, Inc.

Malcolm I. Ruddock,

Director (since 1983)

Retired; Treasurer (1989 to 2000), Director of Finance (1988 to 1989) and Director of Acquisitions and Divestments
(1979 to 1988), Sunoco, Inc., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (independent refiner and marketer).

Andrew P. Bronstein,

Vice President and Controller

Vice President and Controller (since 1994), Corporate Controller (1992 to 1994), SunGard Data Systems Inc.; Manager
(1985-1992), Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P., Philadelphia, PA. Director and officer of most of SunGard Data Systems Inc.s domestic subsidiaries.

Robert Greifeld,

Executive Vice President

Executive Vice President (since March 2002), Senior Vice President (February 2000
to March 2002), Vice President (August 1999 to February 2000), SunGard Data Systems Inc.; Chief Executive Officer (May 1999 to August 1999), SunGard Brokerage Systems Group; President (1993 to 1999), Automated Securities Clearance, Ltd., acquired by
SunGard Data Systems Inc. in March 1999. Director and/or officer of many of SunGard Data Systems Inc.s investment support systems subsidiaries.

Lawrence A. Gross,

Senior Vice PresidentLegal and

General Counsel

Senior Vice PresidentLegal (since March 2001), General Counsel (since 1986), Vice President (1986 to March
2001), Secretary (1987 to March 2002), SunGard Data Systems Inc.; Lawyer (1979 to 1986), Blank Rome LLP, Philadelphia, PA. Director and officer of most of SunGard Data Systems Inc.s domestic subsidiaries and some of its foreign
subsidiaries.

I-2 



Name and Position

Age

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History for Past Five Years

Till M. Guldimann,

Vice Chairman

Vice Chairman (since March 2002), Senior Vice President,

Strategy (1999 to March 2002), member of board of directors (1999 to 2002), SunGard Data Systems Inc.; Vice Chairman (1997 to 1999), Senior Vice
President (1995 to 1997), Infinity, A SunGard Company, a subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc. since 1998. Various senior executive positions (1974 to 1995), J.P. Morgan & Co.

Paul C. Jeffers,

Vice PresidentHuman Resources

Vice PresidentHuman Resources (since March 2001) SunGard Data Systems Inc.; National Director of Performance
Management Education (September 2000 to March 2001), Grant Thornton, LLP; Vice PresidentHuman Resources (1999 to September 2000), First USA Bank; Area Director, Human Resources for the Management Consulting Practice (1995 to 1999), Ernst &
Young LLP.

Michael K. Muratore,

Executive Vice President

Executive Vice President (since March 2002), Senior Vice President (October 1998 to March 2002), various senior
executive positions (1985 to 1990), SunGard Data Systems Inc.; Chief Executive Officer (1995 to October 1998), SunGard Financial Systems Group; Chief Executive Officer (1990 to 1995), SunGard Computer Services Group. Director and/or officer of many
of SunGard Data Systems Inc.s domestic subsidiaries.

Brian Robins,

Vice PresidentCorporate Marketing

Vice PresidentCorporate Marketing (since February 2000), SunGard Data Systems Inc.;
Vice PresidentMarketing and various positions (1995 to February 2000), Infinity, A SunGard Company, a subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc. since 1998.

David E. Robinson,

Executive Vice President

Executive Vice President (since March 2002), Senior Vice President (August 1999 to March 2002), SunGard Data Systems
Inc.; Chief Executive Officer (October 1998 to August 1999), SunGard Investment and Shareholder Systems Group; various senior executive positions (1983 to 1999), SunGard Data Systems Inc., including President (1993 to 1999), SunGard Investment
Systems Inc. Director and/or officer of many of SunGard Data Systems Inc.s investment support systems subsidiaries.

Michael J. Ruane,

Senior Vice PresidentFinance

and Chief Financial Officer

Senior Vice PresidentFinance (since March 2001), Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (since 1994), Vice
PresidentFinance (1994 to March 2001), SunGard Data Systems Inc.; Chief Financial Officer and Vice PresidentFinance (1992 to 1994), SunGard Trading Systems Group; Vice PresidentController (1990 to 1992), Corporate Controller (1985
to 1990), SunGard Data Systems Inc. Director and officer of most of SunGard Data Systems Inc.s domestic and foreign subsidiaries.

I-3 



Name and Position

Age

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History for Past Five Years

Bettina Slusar,

Vice PresidentGlobal Accounts Management

Vice PresidentGlobal Accounts Management (since April 2001), SunGard Data Systems
Inc.; President (1999 to March 2001) and Senior Vice President, North American Sales and Operations (1997 to 1998), SunGard Futures Systems.

Richard C. Tarbox,

Senior Vice PresidentCorporate Development

Senior Vice PresidentCorporate Development (since March 2001), Vice PresidentCorporate Development (1987
to March 2001), SunGard Data Systems Inc.; Senior Manager (1983-1987), Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P.

I-4 



Directors and Executive
Officers of Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc. 

The
name, business address, present principal occupation or employment and material occupations, positions, offices or employment for the past five years of each of the directors and executive officers of Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc. are set forth below.
The business address of each such director and executive officer is Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., c/o SunGard Data Systems Inc., 1285 Drummers Lane, Wayne, Pennsylvania 19087. All directors and officers listed below are citizens of the United States.

Name and Position

Age

Present Principal Occupation

or Employment and Employment

History for Past Five Years

Andrew P. Bronstein,

    Director and Vice President

Same as above

Lawrence A. Gross,

    Director, Vice President and Assistant Secretary

Same as above

Michael J. Ruane,

    Director, President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary

Same as above

Richard C. Tarbox,

    Vice President

Same as above

I-5 



The Letter of Transmittal,
certificates for shares of HTE common stock and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each shareholder of HTE or such shareholders broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee to the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth below. 

WELLS FARGO
BANK MINNESOTA, N.A. 

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Registered or Certified Mail
:

By Hand Delivery or Overnight Courier
:

(For Eligible Institutions Only):

(651) 450-2452

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A.

Shareowner Services

Corporate Actions Department

P.O. Box 64858

St. Paul, Minnesota 55164-0858

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A.

Shareowner Services

Corporate Actions Department

161 North Concord Exchange

South St. Paul, Minnesota 55075

Questions regarding the
Offer, and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent at its telephone number and location listed below. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery or any other materials related to the Offer may be obtained from the Information Agent. You may also contact your broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is: 

D.F. King & Co., Inc. 
48 Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550 
All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 755-7250

EX-99.(A)(2)

dex99a2.htm

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

Letter of Transmittal

Exhibit (a)(2)

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL 

To Tender Shares of Common Stock 

of 

H.T.E., Inc. 

Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase 
Dated February 14, 2003 

by 

Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., 
a wholly owned subsidiary of 

SunGard Data Systems Inc. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, 
NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, MARCH
14, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

The Depositary for the Offer is: 
WELLS FARGO BANK MINNESOTA, N.A. 

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Registered or Certified Mail:

By Hand Delivery or Overnight Courier:

(For Eligible Institutions Only):

(651) 450-2452

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A.

Shareowner Services

Corporate Actions Department

P.O. Box 64858

St. Paul, Minnesota 55164-0858

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A.

Shareowner Services

Corporate Actions Department

161 North Concord Exchange

South St. Paul, Minnesota 55075

DELIVERY OF THIS
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER. 

YOU MUST SIGN AND COMPLETE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE
SPACE PROVIDED BELOW ON PAGE 6, WITH SIGNATURE GUARANTEE IF REQUIRED, AND COMPLETE AND SIGN THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW ON PAGE 11 BEFORE DELIVERING TO THE DEPOSITARY. 

PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, INCLUDING THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS, CAREFULLY BEFORE COMPLETING THIS
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL. 

List below the shares
to which this Letter of Transmittal relates. If the space provided below is inadequate, the certificate numbers, number of shares represented by each certificate and number of shares tendered should be listed on a  separate signed schedule and
affixed hereto. 

DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED

Name(s) and Address(es) of Registered Holder(s)
(Please fill in, if
blank,

Exactly as Name(s) and Address(es) Appear(s)
on Share Certificate(s))

(1)
Share Certificate Number(s)*

(2)
Total Number of Shares Represented by Share Certificate(s)*

(3)
Number of Shares Tendered**

TOTAL SHARES TENDERED

*

Need not be completed if tender is made by book-entry transfer. 

**

Unless otherwise indicated in this column, a holder will be deemed to have tendered ALL of the shares represented by the certificate(s) indicated in column 2. See
Instruction 4. If any of the certificates representing shares that you own have been lost or destroyed, see Instruction 10. 

This Letter
of Transmittal is to be used either if certificates for Shares (as defined herein) are to be delivered herewith or, unless an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase, which is defined herein) is utilized, if delivery of Shares is
to be made pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer described in the Offer to Purchase to an account maintained by the Depositary (as defined herein) at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase). Shareholders
whose certificates for Shares are not immediately available or who cannot deliver either the certificates for, or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to their Shares, and all other documents required hereby,
to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) of the Offer (as defined below) must tender their Shares in accordance with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction
2. 
Delivery of this Letter of Transmittal or any documents required hereby to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility does 
not
 constitute delivery to the Depositary.

 

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER MADE TO AN ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE DEPOSITARY WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY
AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY MAY DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER): 

         Name of Tendering
Institution: 

         Account
Number: 

Transaction Code
Number:

 

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY, ENCLOSE A PHOTOCOPY OF SUCH
NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING: 

         Name(s) of Registered
Holder(s):

         Date of Execution of
Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery: 

         Name of Eligible Institution
that Guaranteed
Delivery: 

If
delivered by book-entry transfer check box:  
 

         Name of Tendering
Institution: 

         Account
Number: 

Transaction Code
Number:

NOTE:    SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW. PLEASE READ THE

ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned hereby tenders to Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., a Florida corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned
subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (SunGard), the above described shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Shares), of H.T.E., Inc., a Florida corporation (HTE), upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchasers Offer to Purchase, dated February 14, 2003 (the Offer to Purchase), and this Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto or
hereto, collectively constitute the Offer), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged. 

Upon the terms of the Offer, subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment of, and payment for, the Shares tendered herewith in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the undersigned hereby
sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the order of, the Purchaser all right, title and interest in and to all the Shares that are being tendered herewith (and any and all dividends, distributions, other Shares or other securities or rights issued
or issuable in respect thereof on or after February 14, 2003 (collectively, Distributions)) and irrevocably constitutes and appoints Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A. (the Depositary) the true and lawful agent and
attorney-in-fact of the undersigned, with full power of substitution (such power of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest), to the full extent of the undersigneds rights with respect to such Shares (and any
and all Distributions) (i) to deliver certificates for such Shares (and any such other Shares or securities or rights) or transfer ownership of such Shares (and any and all Distributions) on the account books maintained by the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility together, in any such case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity to, or upon the order of, the Purchaser, (ii) to present such Shares (and any and all Distributions) for transfer on HTEs books and (iii) to
receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such Shares (and any and all Distributions), all in accordance with the terms of the Offer. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to tender,
sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered herewith (and any and all Distributions) and, when the same are accepted for payment by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will acquire good title thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, claims and
encumbrances, and the same will not be subject to any adverse claim. The undersigned will, upon request, execute any additional documents deemed by the Depositary or the Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to complete the sale, assignment and
transfer of the Shares tendered herewith (and any and all Distributions). In addition, the undersigned shall remit and transfer promptly to the Depositary for the account of the Purchaser any and all Distributions in respect of the Shares tendered
hereby, accompanied by appropriate documentation of transfer, and, pending such remittance and transfer or appropriate assurance thereof, the Purchaser shall be entitled to all rights and privileges as owner of each such Distribution and may
withhold the entire purchase price of the Shares tendered hereby or deduct from such purchase price, the amount of value of such Distribution as determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion. 

All authority conferred or agreed to be conferred pursuant to
this Letter of Transmittal shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives of the undersigned and shall not be affected by, and shall survive, the death or incapacity of the undersigned.
Except as described in the Offer to Purchase, this tender is irrevocable. The Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for the Shares or other securities to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchasers acceptance
for payment of such Shares, the Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights with respect to such Shares (and any and all Distributions), including voting at any meeting of HTEs shareholders. 

By executing this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile
hereof) (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) in lieu of this Letter of Transmittal), the undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints SunGard, Lawrence A. Gross and Richard C. Tarbox
each as an attorney-in-fact and 

proxy of the undersigned, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to vote at any annual, special, adjourned or postponed
meeting of HTEs shareholders or otherwise in such manner as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy (or his or its substitute) shall in his or its sole discretion deem proper with respect to, to execute any written consent concerning any matter
as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy (or his or its substitute) shall in his or its sole discretion deem proper with respect to, and to otherwise act as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy (or his or its substitute) shall in his or its sole
discretion deem proper with respect to, the Shares tendered herewith that have been accepted for payment by the Purchaser prior to the time any such action is taken and with respect to which the undersigned is entitled to vote (and any and all
Distributions). This appointment is effective when, and only to the extent that, the Purchaser accepts for payment such Shares as provided in the Offer to Purchase. This power of attorney and proxy are irrevocable and are granted in consideration of
the acceptance for payment of such Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer. Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior powers of attorney, proxies and consents given by the undersigned with respect to the Shares tendered herewith (and any
and all Distributions) will, without further action, be revoked and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be given (and, if given, will not be deemed effective) by the undersigned in respect of such Shares.

The undersigned understands that the valid
tender of Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and in the Instructions hereto will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and the Purchaser upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the
Offer (and if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms or conditions of any such extension or amendment). 

The undersigned acknowledges that under no circumstances will the Purchaser pay interest on the purchase price, including, without
limitation, by reason of any delay in making payment. Without limiting the foregoing, if the price to be paid in the Offer is amended in accordance with the Merger Agreement (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), the price to be paid to the
undersigned will be the amended price. The undersigned recognizes that, under certain circumstances set forth in the Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser may terminate or amend the Offer, or may postpone the acceptance for payment of, or the payment
for, Shares validly tendered, or may not be required to purchase any Shares validly tendered. 

Unless otherwise indicated herein in the box labeled Special Payment Instructions, please issue the check for the purchase price and/or return any certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or
accepted for payment in the name(s) of the registered holder(s) indicated herein in the box labeled Description of Shares Tendered on the cover page of this Letter of Transmittal. Similarly, unless otherwise indicated herein in the above
box labeled Special Delivery Instructions, please mail the check for the purchase price and/or return any certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment (and accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the address(es) of the
registered holder(s) indicated herein in the above box labeled Description of Shares Tendered on the cover page of this Letter of Transmittal. In the event that both of the boxes herein labeled the Special Payment
Instructions and the Special Delivery Instructions, respectively, are completed, please issue the check for the purchase price and/or return any certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment (and any accompanying
documents, as appropriate) in the name of, and deliver such check and/or return such certificates (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to, the person or persons indicated therein. Please credit any Shares tendered herewith by book-entry
transfer that are not accepted for payment by crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility. The undersigned recognizes that the Purchaser has no obligation pursuant to the Special Payment Instructions to transfer any Shares from the
name of the registered holder(s) thereof if the Purchaser does not accept for payment any of the Shares so tendered. 

IF ANY OF THE CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES THAT YOU OWN HAVE BEEN LOST OR DESTROYED, SEE INSTRUCTION 10. 

SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS

(SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

To be completed ONLY if certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of
Shares accepted for payment is/are to be issued in the name of someone other than the undersigned.

Issue 

 

check and/or 

 

 certificate(s) to:

Name 

(Please Print)

Address 

(City, State, Zip Code)

(Employer Identification or Social Security Number)

(Also complete Substitute Form W-9 below)

SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS

(SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

To be completed ONLY if certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of
Shares accepted for payment is/are to be mailed to someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned at an address other than that listed above.

Mail 

 

 check and/or 

 

 certificate(s) to:

Name 

(Please Print)

Address 

(City, State, Zip Code)

(Employer Identification or Social Security Number)

(Also complete Substitute Form W-9
below)

PLEASE SIGN HERE 
(To Be Completed By All Shareholders) 
(Also
Complete Substitute Form W-9 Below) 

  Signature: 

(Signature(s) of Shareholder(s))

Dated: 

, 2003 

(Must be signed by
registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on the certificate(s) for the Shares or on a security position listing or by person(s) authorized to become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents transmitted herewith. If signature is by
a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please provide the following information and see Instruction 5.) 

Name(s): 

(Please Print) 

Capacity (Full Title): 

Address: 

(Include
Zip Code) 

Daytime Area Code and
Telephone Number: 

Tax Identification or Social
Security Number: 

(See Substitute Form W-9) 

GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S) 
(If RequiredSee Instructions 1 and 5) 

FOR USE BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ONLY. 
PLACE
MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN SPACE BELOW. 

Authorized Signature(s): 

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Title: 

Name of Firm: 

Address: 

(Include Zip Code) 

Daytime Area Code and Telephone
Number: 

Dated: 

,  2003

INSTRUCTIONS 
FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 

1.
    Guarantee of Signatures.
    No signature guarantee is required on this Letter of
Transmittal if (i) this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of Shares tendered herewith, unless such registered holder(s) has completed either the box labeled Special Payment Instructions or the box labeled
Special Delivery Instructions on this Letter of Transmittal or (ii) such Shares are tendered for the account of a financial institution (including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in
the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, Nasdaq Stock Market Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program or by any other eligible guarantor institution, as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (each, an Eligible Institution). For purposes of this Instruction, a registered holder of Shares includes any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facilities system whose name appears on a
security position listing as the owner of the Shares. In all other cases, all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See Instruction 5. 

2.
    Requirements of Tender.
    This Letter of Transmittal is
to be completed by shareholders either if certificates are to be tendered herewith or, unless an Agents Message is utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer described in the Offer to
Purchase to an account maintained by the Depositary at the Book Entry Transfer Facility. For a shareholder to validly tender Shares in the Offer, either (i) the certificate(s) representing the tendered Shares, together with this Letter of
Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein prior to the
Expiration Date, (ii) in the case of a tender effected pursuant to a book-entry transfer (a) either this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an
Agents Message, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein prior to the Expiration Date, and (b) the Shares to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer
procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date or (iii) the tendering shareholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer
to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date. 

If a
shareholder desires to tender Shares in the Offer and such shareholders certificates representing such Shares are not immediately available, or the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase cannot be completed on a
timely basis, or time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, such shareholder may tender such Shares if all the following conditions are met: (i) such tender is made by or through an
Eligible Institution; (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by the Purchaser, is received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein prior to the Expiration Date;
and (iii) either (a) the certificates representing such Shares, together with this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees, and any other required documents, are
received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein within three trading days (as described below) after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or (b) in the case of a book-entry transfer effected pursuant to the
book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase, (1) either this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message, and any
other required documents, is received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein and (2) such Shares are delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase, and a Book-Entry Confirmation is
received by the Depositary, in each case within three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. For purposes of the foregoing, a trading day is any day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market is open for business.

The method of delivery of Shares to be
tendered in the Offer, this Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, is at the election and 

risk of the tendering shareholder. Shares to be tendered in the Offer, will be deemed delivered only when actually received by the
Depositary (including, in the case of a book-entry transfer, by Book-Entry Confirmation). If delivery of Shares is by mail, registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be
allowed to ensure timely delivery. 

No
alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted. All tendering shareholders, by execution of this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), waive any right to receive any notice of the acceptance of their Shares for payment.

3.
    Inadequate
Space.
    If the space provided herein is inadequate, the certificate numbers and/or the number of Shares should be listed on a separate signed schedule and attached to this Letter of Transmittal. 

4.
    Partial Tenders (Applicable to
Certificate Shareholders Only)
.    If fewer than all the Shares evidenced by any certificate submitted are to be tendered herewith, fill in the number of Shares that are to be tendered in the above box entitled Number
of Shares Tendered. In any such case, new certificate(s) for the remainder of the Shares not tendered that were evidenced by the old certificate(s) will be sent to the registered holder(s), unless otherwise provided in the Special
Payment Instructions and/or Special Delivery Instructions boxes above in this Letter of Transmittal, as soon as practicable after the acceptance of payment of, and payment for, the Shares tendered herewith. 
All Shares
represented by certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated in the above box entitled Number of Shares Tendered. 

5.
    Signatures on Letter of
Transmittal, Stock Powers and Endorsements.
    If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares tendered herewith, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on the face of
the certificate(s) without any change whatsoever. 

If any of the Shares tendered herewith are owned of record by two or more joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal. 

If any tendered Shares are registered in different names on several certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as
many separate copies of this Letter of Transmittal as there are different registrations of certificates. 

If this Letter of Transmittal or any certificates or stock powers are signed by trustees, executors, administrators, guardians,
attorneys-in-fact, officers of corporations or others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, such persons should so indicate when signing and proper evidence, satisfactory to the Purchaser, of their authority to so act must be submitted.

When this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered owner(s) of the Shares tendered herewith, no endorsements of certificates or separate stock powers are required unless payment is to be made to, or certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment are to be issued to, a person
other than the registered owner(s). Signatures on such certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the registered owner(s) of certificate(s) listed in the above box entitled
Description of Shares Tendered, such certificate(s) must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names of the registered owner(s) appear on such certificate(s) and the
signatures on such certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

6.
    Stock Transfer Taxes.
    Except as otherwise provided in this Instruction 6, the Purchaser will pay any stock transfer taxes with respect to the
transfer and sale of Shares to it or its order in the Offer. If, however, payment of the purchase price is to be made to, or if certificates for Shares not to be tendered or not accepted for 

payment are to be registered in the name of, any person(s) other than the registered owner(s), or if tendered certificate(s) are registered
in the name of any person(s) other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered owner(s) or such person(s)) payable on account of the transfer to such person(s) will
be deducted from the purchase price unless satisfactory evidence of the payment of such taxes, or exemption therefrom, is submitted. 

Except as provided in this Instruction 6, it will not be necessary for transfer tax stamps to be affixed to the certificate(s) listed in
this Letter of Transmittal. 

7.
    Special Payment and Delivery Instructions.
    If a check is to be issued in the name of, and/or certificates for Shares not accepted for payment are to be returned to, a person
other than the person signing this Letter of Transmittal, or if a check is to be sent and/or such certificates are to be returned to a person other than the person signing this Letter of Transmittal or to an address other than that shown above, the
Special Payment Instructions and/or Special Delivery Instructions in this Letter of Transmittal must be completed. 

8.
    Waiver of Conditions.
    Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement
(as defined in the Offer to Purchase), the Purchaser reserves the absolute right in its sole discretion to waive any of the specified conditions (other than the Minimum Condition (as defined in the Offer to Purchase)) of the Offer, in whole or in
part, in the case of any Shares to be tendered herewith. 

9.
    Backup Withholding.
    In order to avoid backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax on payments of cash in the Offer, a shareholder tendering Shares in the Offer who is a U.S.
citizen or a U.S. resident alien must, unless an exemption applies, provide the Depositary with such shareholders correct taxpayer identification number (TIN) on Substitute Form W-9 included below in this Letter of Transmittal and
certify under penalties of perjury that such TIN is correct and that such shareholder is not subject to backup withholding. If a shareholder does not provide such shareholders correct TIN or fails to provide the certifications described above,
the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) may impose a penalty on such shareholder and payment of cash to such shareholder in the Offer may be subject to backup withholding of 30%. 

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the
amount of the backup withholding can be credited against the U.S. federal income tax liability of the person subject to the backup withholding, provided that the required information is given to the IRS. If backup withholding results in an
overpayment of tax, a refund can be obtained by the shareholder upon filing an income tax return. The shareholder is required to give the Depositary the TIN (i.e., social security number or employer identification number) of the record owner(s) of
the Shares tendered herewith. If such Shares are held in more than one name, or are not in the name of the actual owner(s), consult the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional
guidance on which number to report. 

The box in
Part 3 of the Substitute Form W-9 may be checked if the tendering shareholder has not been issued a TIN and has applied for a TIN or intends to apply for a TIN in the near future. If the box in Part 3 is checked, the shareholder or other payee must
also complete the Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number below in order to avoid backup withholding. Notwithstanding that the box in Part 3 is checked and the Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number is completed, the
Depositary will withhold 30% on all payments made prior to the time a properly certified TIN is provided to the Depositary. However, such amounts will be refunded to such shareholder if a TIN is provided to the Depositary within 60 days.

See the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of
Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for more instructions. 

Certain shareholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding. Tendering shareholders who are not U.S. citizens or
U.S. resident aliens should complete and sign the main signature form and a Form W-8BEN, Certificate of Foreign Status of 

Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding, copies of which may be obtained from the Depositary, in order to avoid backup
withholding. Shareholders should consult their tax advisors about qualifying for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining such exemption. 

10.
    Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Certificates.
    If any
certificate representing Shares has been lost, destroyed or stolen, the shareholder should promptly notify the transfer agent for HTE common stock, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, Lost Certificate Department at (212) 509-4000 ext.
292. The shareholder will then be instructed by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company as to the steps that must be taken in order to replace such certificate. This Letter of Transmittal and related documents cannot be processed until the
procedures for replacing lost, destroyed or stolen certificates have been completed. 

Important:    This Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile copy of it) duly completed and signed together with any signature guarantees, or in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message,
and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, and either certificates for tendered Shares must be received by the Depositary or Shares must be delivered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry
transfer described in the Offer to Purchase, in each case prior to the Expiration Date, or the tendering shareholder must comply with the procedures for guaranteed delivery described in the Offer to Purchase. 

PAYERS NAME: WELLS FARGO BANK MINNESOTA,
N.A.

SUBSTITUTE

 Form 
W-9

Department of the

Treasury,

Internal Revenue Service

Payers Request

for Taxpayer Identification

Number (TIN)

PART 1
PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR
TIN IN THE BOX AT RIGHT AND CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND DATING BELOW.

Social Security Number(s)

OR Employer

Identification Number

PART 2CERTIFICATION.
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that:

(1)    The number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number (or I am waiting
for a number to be issued to me), and

(2)    I am not subject to backup withholding because (a) I am exempt from backup withholding or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup
withholding as a result of failure to report all interest or dividends or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup withholding.

CERTIFICATION INSTRUCTION
You must cross out item (2) in Part 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup
withholding because of underreporting interest or dividends on your tax returns. However, if after being notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding, you received another notification from the IRS stating that you are no longer
subject to backup withholding, do not cross out such item (2). If you are exempt from backup withholding, check the box in Part 4 below.

Part 3

Awaiting TIN 

 

Part 4

Exempt TIN 

 

Signature: 

Date: 

YOU
MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU CHECKED 
THE BOX IN PART 3 OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 

CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

I certify under penalties
of perjury that a taxpayer identification number has not been issued to me, and either (a) I have mailed or delivered an application to receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security
Administration Office or (b) I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future. I understand that if I do not provide a taxpayer identification number to the Depositary, 30% of all reportable payments made to me will be withheld, but
will be refunded to me if I provide a certified taxpayer identification number within 60 days. 

Signature

Date

NOTE:

FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF 30% OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU IN THE OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE
ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. 

Manually signed facsimile
copies of this Letter of Transmittal will be accepted. This Letter of Transmittal, certificates for Shares and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each shareholder or such shareholders broker, dealer, bank, trust
company or other nominee to the Depositary at one of its addresses listed below. 

WELLS FARGO BANK MINNESOTA, N.A. 

By Facsimile Transmission:

(For Eligible Institutions Only)

(651) 450-2452

By Registered or Certified Mail:

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A.

Shareowner Services

Corporate Actions Department

P.O. Box 64858

St. Paul, Minnesota 55164-0858

By Hand Delivery or Overnight Courier:

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A

Shareowner Services

Corporate Actions Department

161 North Concord Exchange

South St. Paul, Minnesota 55075

Questions regarding the
Offer, and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone number listed below. Additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery or any other materials related to the Offer may be obtained from the Information Agent and will be furnished promptly free of charge. You may also contact your broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance
concerning the Offer. 

The Information Agent
for the Offer is: 

D.F. King & Co.,
Inc. 
48 Wall Street 
New York, New York 10005 

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550 
All Others Call Toll
Free: 
(800) 755-7250 

EX-99.(A)(3)

dex99a3.htm

NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery

Exhibit (a)(3)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery

for 

Tender of Shares of Common Stock 

of 

H.T.E., Inc. 
to 

Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., 
a wholly owned subsidiary of 

SunGard Data Systems Inc. 
(not to be used for
signature guarantees) 

THE OFFER AND
WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or a form substantially equivalent hereto, must be used to accept the Offer (as defined below) (i) if
certificates (Share Certificates) representing shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Shares), of H.T.E., Inc., a Florida corporation, are not immediately available, (ii) if Share Certificates and all other
required documents cannot be delivered to Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., the depositary for the Offer (the Depositary), or (iii) if the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis. This form may be
delivered by hand to the Depositary or transmitted by facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary and must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution (as defined in Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc.s Offer to Purchase, dated February 14,
2003 (the Offer to Purchase)). See Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The Depositary for the Offer is: 

WELLS FARGO BANK MINNESOTA, N.A. 

By Facsimile Transmission:

(For Eligible Institutions Only)

(651) 450-2452        

(For Confirmation Only)

(651) 450-4110

By Registered or Certified Mail:

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A.

Shareowner Services

Corporate Actions Department

P.O. Box 64858

St. Paul, Minnesota
55164-0858

By Hand Delivery or Overnight Courier:

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A.

Shareowner Services

Corporate Actions Department

161 North Concord Exchange

South St. Paul, Minnesota 55075

DELIVERY OF THIS
NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA A FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY. 

THIS FORM IS NOT TO BE USED TO GUARANTEE SIGNATURES. IF A SIGNATURE ON A
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FOR THE OFFER IS REQUIRED TO BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE) UNDER THE INSTRUCTIONS THERETO, SUCH SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MUST APPEAR IN THE APPLICABLE SPACE PROVIDED IN
THE SIGNATURE BOX ON SUCH LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL. 

THE
ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION THAT COMPLETES THIS FORM MUST COMMUNICATE THE GUARANTEE TO THE DEPOSITARY AND MUST DELIVER THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL OR AN AGENTS MESSAGE (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE) AND SHARES TO THE DEPOSITARY IN THE TIME
PERIOD SHOWN HEREIN. FAILURE TO DO SO COULD RESULT IN A FINANCIAL LOSS TO SUCH ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION. 

THE GUARANTEE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGES MUST BE COMPLETED. 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned hereby tenders to Lake
Acquisition Corp. Inc., a Florida corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and in the
Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the Offer), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of Shares set forth below, all pursuant to the guaranteed delivery
procedures set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase. 

Number of Shares:

Certificate Nos. (if
available):

Name(s) of Record
Holder(s):

(Please Print) 

Address(es):

(Zip Code)

Check box if Shares will be tendered by book-entry
transfer    
 

Name of Tendering Institution:

Account
Number:

Area Code and Tel. No.:

Signature(s):

Dated:

 , 2003 

GUARANTEE

(not to be used for signature guarantee) 

The undersigned, a firm that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program or
Nasdaq Stock Market Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program or is an eligible guarantor institution, as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby guarantees to
deliver to the Depositary either the certificates representing the Shares tendered herewith, in proper form for transfer, or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) with respect to such Shares, in any such case
together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal for the Offer (or a facsimile copy of it), with any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase), and any
other required documents, within three trading days (as described in the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer) after the date hereof. 

The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver a Letter of
Transmittal for the Offer or an Agents Message and certificates for Shares to the Depositary within the time period shown herein. Failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible Institution. 

Name of Firm: 

Address(es): 

(Zip Code)

Area Code and Tel.
No.:

Authorized Signature 

Name:

Please Type or Print 

Title:

Dated: 

, 2003 

NOTE: DO NOT SEND SHARE CERTIFICATES WITH THIS NOTICE. SHARE
CERTIFICATES SHOULD BE SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FOR THE OFFER. 

EX-99.(A)(4)

dex99a4.htm

LETTER TO BROKERS

Letter to Brokers

Exhibit (a)(4) 
Offer to Purchase for Cash 
All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

of 
H.T.E., Inc. 
at 
$7.00 Per Share 
by 
Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., 
a wholly owned subsidiary of 

SunGard Data Systems Inc. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

February 14, 2003 

To Brokers, Dealers, Banks, 
Trust Companies
and other Nominees: 

We have been engaged by Lake
Acquisition Corp. Inc., a Florida corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (SunGard), to act as the information agent (the Information Agent)
in connection with the Purchasers offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Shares), of H.T.E., Inc. a Florida corporation (HTE), at a price of $7.00 per share (the
Offer Price), in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchasers Offer to Purchase, dated February 14, 2003 (the Offer to Purchase), and in the Letter of
Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the Offer). Please furnish copies of the enclosed materials to those of your clients for whom you hold Shares that are registered in your
name or in the name of your nominee. 

Holders of
Shares who wish to tender their Shares but whose certificates for such Shares (the Share Certificates) are not immediately available, who cannot complete the procedures for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, or who cannot deliver all
other required documents to Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A. (the Depositary) prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) must tender their Shares according to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in the
Offer to Purchase. 

Enclosed herewith are copies
of the following documents: 

1.    The Offer to Purchase dated February 14, 2003; 

2.    The Letter of Transmittal to be used by shareholders of HTE to tender Shares in the Offer (manually signed facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal may also be used to
tender Shares); 

3.    A
letter to shareholders of HTE from the President and Chief Executive Officer of HTE accompanied by HTEs Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by HTE, which includes the
recommendation of HTEs board of directors that HTE shareholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares to the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer; 

4.    A printed form of letter that may be sent to your clients for whose account you hold Shares that are registered
in your name or in the name of your nominee, with space provided for obtaining such clients instructions with regard to the Offer; 

5.    Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if
Share Certificates are not immediately available or if such certificates and all other required documents cannot be delivered to the Depositary or if the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis; 

6.    Guidelines for Certification of
Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9; and 

7.    Return envelope addressed to Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A. as the Depositary for the Offer. 

We urge you to contact your clients promptly. Please note that the Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York
City time, on Friday, March 14, 2003, unless the Offer is extended. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), that
number of Shares that, together with the Shares then solely beneficially owned by the Purchaser and SunGard (if any), represent a majority of the number of Shares constituting the sum of all then outstanding Shares of HTE common stock, plus all
Shares of HTE common stock issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options (which number of Shares is referred to as HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares herein). All of HTEs directors and certain shareholders have
entered into Tender and Voting Agreements, each dated as of February 4, 2003, with SunGard and the Purchaser pursuant to which they have agreed, in their capacity as shareholders of HTE, to tender all of their Shares of HTE common stock, as well as,
in the case of the Shareholders, any additional Shares of HTE common stock which they may acquire (pursuant to HTE stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. As of February 3, 2003, such directors and shareholders held in the
aggregate 7,884,402 Shares of HTE common stock, which represented approximately 43.2% of HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares as of such date. The Offer is subject to certain other conditions contained in Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase.

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated February 4, 2003 (the Merger Agreement), by and among SunGard, the Purchaser and HTE pursuant to which, following the purchase of Shares of HTE common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain
conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and into HTE (the Merger), with HTE surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by SunGard, the
Purchaser, HTE or any wholly-owned subsidiary of SunGard or HTE) will be converted into the right to receive the price per Share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

HTEs board of directors has, at a meeting held on February 1, 2003, by the unanimous vote of all
directors of HTE, (i) determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are fair to, and in the best interests of, HTE and the shareholders of HTE; (ii) declared that the merger is
advisable; (iii) adopted and approved the Merger Agreement and approved the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger; and (iv) resolved to recommend that HTEs shareholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares
in the Offer. Accordingly, the HTE board of directors unanimously recommends that the shareholders of HTE tender their Shares of HTE common stock pursuant to the Offer and vote to adopt the Merger Agreement at any meeting of shareholders of HTE that
may be called to consider such adoption. 

On the
terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, promptly after the Expiration Date of the Offer, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, all Shares validly tendered to the Purchaser and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration
Date of the Offer. To validly tender Shares in the Offer (i) the certificate(s) representing the tendered Shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required
signature guarantees, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, (ii) in the case of a 

tender effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase (a) either the Letter of Transmittal (or a
facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary
prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, and (b) the Shares to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase),
must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer or (iii) the tendering shareholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer.

Neither the Purchaser nor SunGard will pay any
fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Depositary and the Information Agent, as described in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of Shares in connection with the Offer. You will
be reimbursed by the Purchaser upon request for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by you in forwarding the enclosed materials to your customers. The Purchaser will pay or cause to be paid all stock transfer taxes applicable to its
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

Questions regarding the Offer, and requests for additional copies of the enclosed material, may be directed to the Information Agent at
the address and telephone number listed on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase. 

Very truly yours, 

D.F. KING & CO., INC. 

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL RENDER YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON THE AGENT OF THE PURCHASER,
SUNGARD, THE DEPOSITARY OR THE INFORMATION AGENT OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER NOT CONTAINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE OR THE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL FOR THE OFFER. 

EX-99.(A)(5)

dex99a5.htm

LETTER TO CLIENTS

Letter to Clients

Exhibit (a)(5)

Offer to Purchase for Cash 
All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 
of 
H.T.E., Inc. 
at 
$7.00 Per Share 
by 
Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., 
a wholly owned subsidiary of

SunGard Data Systems Inc.

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL
EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

February 14, 2003 

To Our Clients: 

Enclosed for your consideration is an Offer to Purchase, dated February 14, 2003 (the Offer to Purchase), and the Letter of Transmittal (which, together with amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the
Offer) relating to the Offer by Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., a Florida corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (SunGard), to purchase all of
the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Shares), of HTE, Inc., a Florida corporation (HTE), at a price of $7.00 per share, in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer. Also enclosed for your consideration is a letter to the shareholders of HTE from the President and Chief Executive Officer of HTE accompanied by HTEs Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9.

We (or our nominees) are the holder of record of
Shares held by us for your account. A tender of such Shares can be made only by us as the holder of record and pursuant to your instructions. The enclosed Letter of Transmittal is furnished to you for your information only and cannot be used to
tender Shares held by us for your account. 

We
request instructions as to whether you wish to tender any or all of the Shares held by us for your account pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer. 

Your attention is directed to the following: 

1.    The offer price for the Offer is $7.00 per Share, in cash (the Offer
Price), without interest thereon, upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer. 

2.    The Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares. 

3.    The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered in
accordance with the terms of the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) that number of Shares that, together with the Shares then solely beneficially owned by the Purchaser and SunGard (if any), represent a
majority of the number of Shares constituting the sum of all then outstanding Shares of HTE common stock, plus all Shares of HTE common stock issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options (which number of Shares is referred to as
HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares herein). All of HTEs directors and certain shareholders have entered into Tender and Voting Agreements, each dated as of February 4, 2003, with SunGard and the Purchaser pursuant to which they
have agreed, in their capacity as shareholders of HTE, to 

tender all of their Shares of HTE common stock, as well as, in the case of the shareholders, any additional Shares of HTE common stock that
they may acquire (pursuant to HTE stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. The Offer is subject to certain other conditions contained in Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase. 

4.    The Offer is being made pursuant to
an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 4, 2003 (the Merger Agreement), by and among SunGard, the Purchaser and HTE pursuant to which, following the purchase of Shares of HTE common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or
waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and into HTE (the Merger), with HTE surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding Share (other than Shares owned
by SunGard, the Purchaser, HTE or any wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard or HTE) will be converted into the right to receive the price per Share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

5.    HTEs board of directors has,
at a meeting held on February 1, 2003, by the unanimous vote of all directors of HTE, (i) determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are fair to, and in the best interests of,
the shareholders of HTE; (ii) declared that the Merger is advisable; (iii) adopted and approved the Merger Agreement and approved the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger; and (iv) resolved to recommend that
HTEs shareholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares in the Offer. Accordingly, the HTE board of directors unanimously recommends that the shareholders of HTE tender their Shares of HTE common stock pursuant to the Offer and vote to
adopt the Merger Agreement at any meeting of shareholders of HTE that may be called to consider such adoption. 

6.
    The Offer and withdrawal rights expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, March 14, 2003
(the Expiration Date), unless the Offer is extended by the Purchaser, in which event the term Expiration Date shall mean the latest time at which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire. 

7.    Any stock transfer taxes applicable
to a sale of Shares to the Purchaser will be borne by the Purchaser, except as otherwise set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

8.    Tendering shareholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions to the Depositary or the
Information Agent or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer, transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by the Purchaser in the Offer. However, federal income tax backup withholding at a rate of 30% may be
required, unless the required taxpayer identification information is provided or an exemption is available. See the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer for more information. 

Your instructions to us should be forwarded promptly to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf prior to
the Expiration Date. 

If you wish to have us
tender any or all of the Shares held by us for your account, please so instruct us by completing, executing and returning to us the instruction form on the back of this letter. An envelope to return your instructions to us is enclosed. If you
authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise specifically indicated in your instructions. 
Your instructions should be forwarded to us in ample time to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf prior to
the Expiration Date. 

On the terms of and
subject to the conditions to the Offer, promptly after the Expiration Date, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, all Shares validly tendered to the Purchaser in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date. To
validly tender Shares in the Offer (i) the certificate(s) representing the tendered Shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees
and any other required documents, must be received by 

the Depositary for the Offer prior to the Expiration Date, (ii) in the case of a tender effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer
procedures described in the Offer to Purchase (a) either the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message described in the Offer
to Purchase, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary for the Offer prior to the Expiration Date, and (b) the Shares to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer
to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation described in the Offer to Purchase must be received by the Depositary for the Offer prior to the Expiration Date or (iii) the tendering shareholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures
described in the Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date. 

Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price of the Shares to be paid by the Purchaser, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment. 

The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted
from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. In those jurisdictions where securities, blue sky or other laws
require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of the Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction to be designated by the Purchaser.

INSTRUCTIONS
WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH ALL 
OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF H.T.E., INC. 

The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter, the
Offer to Purchase of Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., dated February 14, 2003 (the Offer to Purchase), and the Letter of Transmittal relating to shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Shares), of H.T.E., Inc., a
Florida corporation. 

This will instruct you to
tender the number of Shares indicated below (or, if no number is indicated below, all Shares) held by you for the account of the undersigned, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal.

Number of Shares to be
Tendered(1):  

 Shares 

Account
Number:  

SIGN HERE

Signature(s)

Please Type or Print Name(s)

Please Type or Print Address(es)

Area Code and Telephone Number

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security No.

Dated:  

, 2003 

(1)

Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all your Shares are to be tendered. 

Please Return This Form To The Brokerage Firm or Other Nominee Maintaining Your Account. 

EX-99.(A)(6)

dex99a6.htm

W9

W9

Exhibit (a)(6)

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 

Guidelines for Determining the Proper Identification Number for the Payee (You) to Give the
Payer.
Social Security numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens: e.g., 000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by only one hyphen: e.g., 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the number to
give the payer.

For this type of account:

Give the

SOCIAL SECURITY number of

  1.   An individuals account

The individual

  2.   Two or more individuals (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if combined funds, the first individual on the account(1)

  3.   Custodian account of a minor (Uniform Gift to Minors
Act)

The minor(2)

  4.   a. The usual revocable savings trust account
(grantor is also trustee)

The grantor-trustee(1)

        b. So-called trust account that is
not a legal or valid trust under State law

The actual owner(1)

  5.   Sole proprietorship account

The owner(3)

For this type of account:

Give the EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION number of

  6.   Sole proprietorship account

The owner(3)

  7.   A valid trust, estate, or pension trust

The legal entity(4)

  8.   Corporate account

The corporation

  9.   Partnership account held in the name of the
business

The partnership

10.   Association, club, religious, charitable, educational or other
tax-exempt organization

The organization

11.   A broker or registered nominee

The broker or nominee

12.   Account with the Department of Agriculture in the name of a public
entity (such as a State or local government, school district, or prison) that receives agricultural program payments

The public entity

(1)

List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. 

(2)

Circle the minors name and furnish the minors social security number. 

(3)

You must show your individual name but, you may also enter your business or doing business as name. You may use either your social security number or
your employer identification number (if you have one). 

(4)

List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust. (Do not furnish the taxpayer identification number of the personal representative or
trustee unless the legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.) 

Note:

If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be considered to be that of the first name listed.

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 
Page 2 

Obtaining a Number 
If you dont
have a taxpayer identification number or you dont know your number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number, at the local office of the Social Security
Administration or the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and apply for a number. 

Payees Exempt from Backup Withholding 
Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on ALL payments include
the following: 



A corporation. 



A financial institution. 



An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a), or an individual retirement plan. 



The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 



A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any subdivision or instrumentality thereof. 



A foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 



An international organization or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 



A registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the United States or a possession of the United States. 



A real estate investment trust. 



A common trust fund operated by a bank under Section 584(a). 



An exempt charitable remainder trust, or a non-exempt trust described in section 4947(a)(1) . 



An entity registered at all times under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 



A foreign central bank of issue. 

Payments of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 



Payments to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under Section 1441. 



Payments to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the United States and which have at least one nonresident alien partner. 



Payments of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in money. 



Payments made by certain foreign organizations. 



Payments made to a nominee. 

Payments of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 



Payments of interest on obligations issued by individuals. 
Note:
 You may be subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more and is paid in the
course of the payers trade or business and you have not provided your correct taxpayer identification number to the payer. 



Payments of tax-exempt interest (including exempt-interest dividends under section 852). 



Payments described in Section 6049(b)(5) to nonresident aliens. 



Payments on tax-free covenant bonds under Section 1451. 



Payments made by certain foreign organizations. 



Payments made to a nominee. 

Exempt payees described above should file Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous backup withholding. FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYER. FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE EXEMPT ON THE FORM, AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYER. IF THE PAYMENTS ARE INTEREST, DIVIDENDS, OR PATRONAGE DIVIDENDS, ALSO SIGN AND DATE THE FORM. 

Certain payments other than interest dividends, and patronage dividends, that are not subject to information reporting are
also not subject to backup withholding. For details, see the regulations under Sections 6041, 6041A(a), 6045, and 6050A. 

Privacy Act Notice

Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividends, interest,
or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payers who must report the payments to IRS. IRS uses the numbers for identification purposes. Payers must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are required to file tax returns.
Payers must generally withhold 30% of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a payer. Certain penalties may also apply.

Penalties 
(1)  Penalty for Failure to Furnish Taxpayer Identification Number.
If you fail to furnish your taxpayer identification number to a
payer, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 

(2)  Civil Penalty for False Information With Respect fo Withholding.
If you make a false statement with no reasonable basis which
results in no imposition of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500. 

(3)  Criminal Penalty for Falsifying Information.
Falsifying certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including fines and/or imprisonment. 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL
REVENUE SERVICE. 

EX-99.(A)(7)

dex99a7.htm

JOINT PRESS RELEASE

Joint Press Release

Exhibit (a)(7)

February 5, 2003

SunGard
:

HTE
:

Madeline Hopkins

Sue Falotico

(610) 341-4357

(407) 304-3235

SunGard to Acquire HTE 

Leading Provider of Integrated Software Solutions for the Public Sector Expands SunGard Offerings 

Wayne, PASunGard Data Systems Inc. (NYSE:SDS) and HTE Inc. (Nasdaq:HTEI) announced today that they have reached a definitive agreement for the
acquisition by SunGard of all the shares of HTE for $7.00 per share in cash. Based on HTEs estimated 17.3 million fully diluted common shares outstanding, the transaction has an aggregate value of approximately $121 million. The board of
directors of each company has approved the transaction. The acquisition is not expected to have a material impact on SunGards financial results. 

Under the terms of the definitive agreement, a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard will commence a cash tender offer to acquire all of HTEs
outstanding shares at a price of $7.00 per share. Following successful completion of the tender offer, any remaining shares of HTE will be acquired in a cash merger at the same price. HTE will be an operating unit within SunGard Public Sector and
Non-Profit Systems, a SunGard operating group, and will continue to be led by Joseph Loughry, HTEs president and chief executive officer. 

HTE, a proven leader in government information technologies, provides a broad range of innovative software solutions to more than 2,200 government
offices, agencies and utility companies throughout North America. HTEs products offer a broad array of solutions to local government agencies, including financial management, land development management, and public safety and justice. With
approximately $70 million in calendar 2002 revenues, HTE is one of the largest independent providers of IT solutions to local governments. 

The HTE team is to be congratulated for building a consistently profitable, industry-leading provider of information technology solutions to local
governments, said Bernard Markey, HTEs chairman of the board. Having achieved this position, the board of directors undertook a strategic planning process to determine the best future path for the companys shareholders,
employees and customers. As a result of this process, the board, working with its financial advisors, determined that a cash merger with SunGard is in the best interest of HTEs shareholders. 

Mr. Loughry said, We believe that our customers also will benefit from
this transaction. As we become a strategic part of SunGard Public Sector and Non-Profit Systems, customers can count on our sustaining the same service level standards weve achieved in the past few years, while we also should be able to
introduce enhancements to our product lines more quickly. Mr. Loughry continued, For HTEs employees, whose dedicated efforts over the years have made us an industry leader, combining with SunGards public sector business
should enhance their career opportunities while allowing HTE to continue its mission of 
Helping Government Work Better

. 

Robert Clarke, group chief executive officer of SunGard Public Sector and Non-Profit Systems, said,
The acquisition of HTE is an important opportunity to combine with our business a company that shares our objectives of product excellence and high customer service. HTE has a great reputation in the public sector industry for public safety
and justice as well as for financial management applications. Adding HTE to our other Public Sector operating units will give SunGard a comprehensive array of products and services for the entire public sector. 

The consummation of the transaction is subject to customary conditions,
including the tender of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of HTE in the tender offer and the expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended. Assuming satisfactory results of
the tender offer, it is estimated that the transaction will be completed in the first quarter of 2003. 

Certain shareholders of HTE holding in the aggregate stock representing approximately 49.6% of the total outstanding shares have entered into a definitive agreement with SunGard in which they have
agreed to tender their shares. 

NOTICE TO
INVESTORS

This announcement is neither an offer to
purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell securities. The tender offer for the outstanding shares of HTE common stock described in this announcement has not commenced. At the time the offer is commenced, SunGards subsidiary will file a
tender offer statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and HTE will file a solicitation and recommendation statement with respect to the offer. The tender offer statement (including an offer to purchase, a related letter of transmittal
and other offer documents) and the solicitation/recommendation statement will contain important information that should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the tender offer. Those materials will be made available to
HTEs security holders at no expense to them. In addition, all of those materials (and all other offer documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) will be available at no charge on the Securities and Exchange Commissions
Website at www.sec.gov. 

About HTE 
HTE has become a proven leader in government information technologies by providing innovative software solutions that perform reliably for more than 2,200
government offices, agencies and utility companies throughout North America. HTE focuses on 
Helping Government Work Better

. The companys products address the wireless computing requirements of a rapidly changing public sector market and support the end-to-end delivery of e-government access to citizens and businesses. Founded in
1981, HTE is headquartered near Orlando, Florida. Additional information is available at www.hteinc.com. 

Safe Harbor Statement under Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected are the following: business and general
economic conditions; competitive factors, such as pricing, new products and marketing efforts of rival companies; the timing and magnitude of software sales; customer acceptance of new or enhanced product offerings; integration of new technologies;
delays in product delivery; the ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel; and other factors discussed from time to time in reports filed by HTE with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including risks summarized in HTEs latest
Annual Report on Form 10-K. HTE undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement for events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. 

About SunGard Public Sector and Non-Profit Systems 
SunGard Public Sector and Non-Profit Systems offers enterprise-wide administrative systems designed for public sector and non-profit institutions. These
systems include solutions for accounting, personnel, utility billing, land management, student administration, fundraising, and grant and project management. Institutions served by SunGard include local governments, special districts, universities
and colleges, schools and not-for-profit organizations such as associations, hospitals and charitable trusts. SunGard Public Sector and Non-Profit Systems is comprised of SunGard Bi-Tech, Chico, CA; SunGard Pentamation, Bethlehem, PA; and SunGard
BSR, Waltham, MA. 

About SunGard 
SunGard is a global leader in integrated IT solutions for financial services. SunGard is also the pioneer and leading provider of information availability
services. SunGard serves more than 20,000 clients in over 50 countries, including 47 of the worlds 50 largest financial services institutions. SunGard (NYSE:SDS) is a member of the S&P 500 and has annual revenues of $2 billion. Visit
SunGard at www.sungard.com. 

Safe Harbor Statement under Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995

Statements about the expected effects on SunGard of the acquisition of
HTE, statements about the expected timing and scope of the acquisition, and all other statements in this release other than historical facts are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed
future financial results and usually contain words such as believes, intends, expects, anticipates, or similar expressions. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at
any time, and, therefore, actual results may differ materially from expected results due to a variety of factors, including but not limited to, the satisfaction of the conditions to closing of the offer, and SunGards ability to successfully
integrate HTEs operations and employees, as well as the additional factors discussed below and in SunGards annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001.

SunGard derives most of its forward-looking statements from its operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many
detailed assumptions. While SunGard believes that its assumptions are reasonable, it cautions that there are inherent difficulties in predicting certain important factors, such as: the effect of the slowdown in the domestic and global economies on
information technology spending levels and processing revenues; the ramifications of the events of September 11, 2001; the timing and magnitude of software sales; the timing and scope of technological advances, including those resulting in more
alternatives for high-availability services; the integration and performance of acquired businesses, including the availability services businesses of Comdisco, Inc., acquired on November 15, 2001, and of Guardian iT plc, acquired on July 1, 2002;
the prospects for future acquisitions; the ability to attract and retain customers and key personnel; and the overall condition of the financial services industry. SunGard may not be able to complete the HTE acquisition on the terms summarized above
or other acceptable terms, or at all, due to a number of factors, including the failure to obtain either regulatory approval or sufficient acceptances of SunGards offer by HTEs shareholders. The factors described in this paragraph and
other factors that may affect SunGard or its ability to complete acquisitions and realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, as and when applicable, are discussed in SunGards filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, a copy of which may be obtained from SunGard without charge.

# # #

EX-99.(A)(8)

dex99a8.htm

SUMMARY NEWSPAPER ADVERTISEMENT

Summary Newspaper Advertisement

Exhibit
(a)(8) 

This announcement is neither an
offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of H.T.E., Inc. common stock. The Offer (as defined below) described herein is made solely by the Offer to Purchase dated February 14, 2003, and the related Letter of Transmittal and
any amendments or supplements thereto, each of which is being delivered to holders of H.T.E., Inc. common stock. The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of shares of H.T.E., Inc. common stock in any
jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction or any administrative or judicial action pursuant thereto. The Purchaser (as defined below) may, in its discretion,
take such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in any jurisdiction and extend the Offer to holders of shares of H.T.E., Inc. common stock in such jurisdiction. In those jurisdictions where securities, blue sky or other laws require the
Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of the Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction to be designated by the Purchaser.

Notice of Offer to Purchase for Cash

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 
of 
H.T.E., Inc. 
by 
Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., 
a wholly owned subsidiary of 

SunGard Data Systems Inc. 

at 
$7.00 Per Share 

Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., a Florida corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard Data Systems Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (SunGard), is offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of H.T.E., Inc., a Florida corporation (HTE), at a price of $7.00 per share, in cash, without
interest thereon (the Offer Price), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated February 14, 2003 (the Offer to Purchase), and the related Letter of Transmittal which, together with
any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the Offer described herein. Tendering HTE shareholders whose shares of HTE common stock are registered in their own names and who tender their shares directly to Wells Fargo
Bank Minnesota, N.A. (the Depositary) will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions in connection with the Offer or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the sale of shares in
the Offer. Shareholders of HTE who hold their shares of HTE common stock through brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies or other nominees should consult with such institutions to determine whether they will charge any service fees for tendering
such shareholders shares to the Purchaser in the Offer. The Purchaser is offering to acquire all of the shares of HTE common stock as a first step in acquiring the entire equity interest in, and thus control of, HTE. Following the purchase of
shares of HTE common stock in 

the Offer, the Purchaser intends to complete the merger described below to acquire all of the outstanding shares of HTE common stock that are
not tendered to and purchased by the Purchaser in the Offer. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, 
NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 2003, UNLESS THE OFFER IS 
EXTENDED. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being
validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in accordance with the terms of the Offer prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) that number of shares of HTE common stock that, together with the shares of HTE common stock then solely
beneficially owned by the Purchaser and SunGard (if any), represents a majority of all then outstanding shares of HTE common stock, including all shares of HTE common stock issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options to purchase
shares of HTE common stock (which shares are collectively referred to as HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares herein). All of HTEs directors and certain shareholders have entered into Tender and Voting Agreements, each dated as
of February 4, 2003, with SunGard and Purchaser (the Tender and Voting Agreements) pursuant to which they have agreed, in their capacity as shareholders of HTE, to tender all of their shares of HTE common stock, as well as, in the case
of the shareholders, any additional shares of HTE common stock which they may acquire (pursuant to HTE stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. As of February 3, 2003, such directors and shareholders held an aggregate of 7,884,402
shares of HTE common stock, which represented approximately 42.3% of HTEs Adjusted Outstanding Shares as of such date. The Offer is also subject to other conditions as set forth in Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated February 4, 2003, by and among SunGard, the Purchaser and HTE (the Merger Agreement) pursuant to which, following the purchase of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions,
the Purchaser will be merged with and into HTE (the Merger), with HTE surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard. Upon the completion of the Merger, each outstanding share of HTE common stock (other than shares owned by
SunGard, the Purchaser, HTE or any wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard or HTE) will be converted into the right to receive the price per share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

HTEs board of directors has, at a meeting held on
February 1, 2003, by the unanimous vote of all directors of HTE, (i) determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are fair to, and in the best interests of, the shareholders of
HTE; (ii) adopted and approved the Merger Agreement and approved the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger; (iii) declared that the Merger Agreement is advisable; and (iv) resolved to recommend that the shareholders
of HTE accept the Offer and tender their shares of HTE common stock in the Offer. 
Accordingly, the HTE board of directors unanimously recommends that the shareholders of HTE tender their shares of HTE common stock pursuant to the Offer and vote
to adopt the Merger

Agreement at any meeting of
shareholders of HTE that may be called to consider such adoption. 

On the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, promptly after the Expiration Date, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, all shares of HTE common stock validly tendered to the Purchaser in the
Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date. The Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, such shares of HTE common stock that are validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior
to the Expiration Date as, if and when the Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of the Purchasers acceptance for payment of such shares. Payment for shares of HTE common stock that are accepted for payment in the Offer will
be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent for shareholders tendering shares in the Offer for the purpose of receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting payment to such shareholders whose
shares of HTE common stock have been accepted for payment in the Offer. For a shareholder to validly tender shares of HTE common stock in the Offer (i) the certificate(s) representing the tendered shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal (or
a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, (ii) in the case of a tender effected
pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures (a) either a Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message (as defined in Section 2 of
the Offer to Purchase), and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, and (b) the shares to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to
Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, or (iii) the tendering shareholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures
described in the Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date. 

Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the Offer Price for shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer, regardless of any extension of, or amendment to, the Offer or any delay in paying for such shares.

For purposes of the Offer and as used herein
and in the Offer to Purchase, the term Expiration Date means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, March 14, 2003, unless and until the Purchaser extends the period of time during which the Offer is open in accordance with the
terms of the Merger Agreement, in which event the term Expiration Date will mean the latest time and date on which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire. 

If the Purchaser extends the Offer, the Purchaser will inform the Depositary of that fact and will make a
public announcement of the extension not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date. During any such extension, all shares of HTE common stock previously tendered and not
withdrawn will remain subject to the Offer, subject to the right of a tendering shareholder to withdraw such shares. Shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures described in the Offer to
Purchase at any time prior to the Expiration Date, and shares 

that are tendered may also be withdrawn at any time after April 15, 2003, unless accepted for payment on or before that date. In the event
that the Purchaser provides for a subsequent offering period following the completion of the Offer, (i) no withdrawal rights will apply to shares tendered during such subsequent offering period and (ii) no withdrawal rights will apply to shares that
were previously tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. 

For a withdrawal of shares of HTE common stock previously tendered in the Offer to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the
back cover of the Offer to Purchase, specifying the name of the person having tendered the shares to be withdrawn, the number of shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the shares to be withdrawn, if different from the name
of the person who tendered the shares. If certificates for shares have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be
submitted to the Depositary and, unless such shares have been tendered by a financial institution (including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion
Program, Nasdaq Stock Market Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (each an Eligible Institution), any and all signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.
If shares have been tendered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as
defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) to be credited with the withdrawn shares and otherwise comply with the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedures. Withdrawals of tenders of shares may not be rescinded, and any shares properly
withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. Withdrawn shares may be re-tendered in the Offer, however, by following one of the procedures described in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase at any time prior to
the Expiration Date. All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion, which determination will be final and binding. None of the Purchaser,
SunGard, HTE, the Depositary, D.F. King & Co., Inc. the information agent for the Offer (the Information Agent), or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of
withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. 

Under Rule 14d-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and subject to the conditions described in the Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser may elect to provide
for a subsequent offering period, immediately following the Expiration Date, of not less than three business days nor more than 20 business days in length. If provided, a subsequent offering period would be an additional period of time, immediately
following the Expiration Date, during which holders of shares of HTE common stock that were not previously tendered in the Offer may tender such shares to the Purchaser in exchange for the Offer Price on the same terms and conditions that applied to
the Offer. A subsequent offering period is not the same as an extension of the Offer, which will have been previously completed if a subsequent offering period is provided. The Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, any shares of HTE common
stock that are validly tendered to the Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if provided, as promptly as practicable after any such shares are validly tendered to the Purchaser during such subsequent offering period, for the same price paid
to holders of shares of HTE 

common stock that were validly tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, to the holders thereof in cash. Holders
of shares of HTE common stock that are validly tendered to the Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if provided, will not have the right to withdraw such tendered shares. 

HTE has provided the Purchaser with a list, and security position listings, of HTEs shareholders for
the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of shares of HTE common stock. The Offer to Purchase, and the Letter of Transmittal and other materials related to the Offer will be mailed to record holders of shares of HTE common stock, and will
be furnished to brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and other nominees whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the list of HTEs shareholders, or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agencys
security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of shares of HTE common stock. 

The receipt of cash in the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign income or other tax laws. Generally, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. shareholder tendering shares of HTE common
stock in the Offer will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received by the shareholder in the Offer or the Merger and the shareholders aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares tendered by the
shareholder and purchased in the Offer or converted into cash in the Merger, as the case may be. If shares of HTE common stock that are tendered in the Offer or converted into cash in the Merger are held by a U.S. shareholder as capital assets, gain
or loss recognized by such shareholder will be capital gain or loss, which will be long-term capital gain or loss if such shareholders holding period for such shares exceeds one year. All shareholders should consult with their own tax advisors
as to the particular tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger to them, including the applicability and effect of the alternative minimum tax and any state, local or foreign income and other tax laws and of changes in such tax laws. For a more
complete description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger, see Section 5 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The Purchaser expressly reserves the right (but shall not be obligated), at any time and from time to time prior to the expiration of the
Offer, to increase the Offer Price or to make any other changes in the terms of and conditions to the Offer, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, which provides that certain conditions may not be waived and certain modifications may not be
made without the consent of HTE. 

The information
required to be disclosed by paragraph (d)(1) of Rule 14d-6 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal contain
important information and should be read carefully and in their entirety before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. 

Questions regarding the Offer, and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent as set
forth below. Requests for copies of the Offer to 

Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and all other materials related to the Offer may be directed to the Information Agent, as set forth
below, or brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies or other nominees, and copies will be furnished promptly at the Purchasers expense. No fees or commissions will be payable to brokers, dealers or other persons (other than the Information
Agent) for soliciting tenders of shares of HTE common stock in the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is: 

D.F. King & Co., Inc. 

48 Wall Street 
New York, New York 10005 

Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550 
All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 755-7250

February 14, 2003 

EX-99.(A)(9)

dex99a9.htm

PRESS RELEASE DATED FEBRUARY 14, 2003

Press Release dated February 14, 2003

Exhibit
(a)(9) 

February 14, 2003

Madeline Hopkins

Internet

(610) 341-4357

www.sungard.com

SUNGARD COMMENCES TENDER OFFER FOR H.T.E., INC. 

Wayne, PASunGard Data Systems Inc. (NYSE:SDS) today announced that Lake Acquisition Corp. Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of SunGard, has commenced a tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock of
H.T.E., Inc. (Nasdaq:HTEI) for $7.00 per share. The offer and withdrawal rights are scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, March 14, 2003, unless the offer is extended by SunGard. 

The offer is being made in accordance with the previously
announced definitive agreement among SunGard, Lake Acquisition Corp. and HTE for the acquisition by SunGard of all the shares of HTE for $7.00 per share in cash. The offer is subject to customary conditions, including the tender of a majority of the
outstanding HTE shares in the offer and the expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended. 

The offer is being made pursuant to a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO to be filed today by SunGard and Lake Acquisition Corp. with
the Securities and Exchange Commission and mailed to HTE shareholders. 

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A. is the depositary for the tender offer, and D.F. King & Co., Inc. is the information agent for the tender offer. 

Additional Information and Where to Find It 
This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell HTE shares. The tender offer will only be made
through an offer to purchase, letter of transmittal and related tender offer materials. SunGard will file these tender offer materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and HTE will file a solicitation/recommendation statement with
respect to the offer. The tender offer materials and the solicitation/ recommendation statement contain important information. Shareholders of HTE are urged to read this information carefully before making any decisions about the tender offer. The
tender offer materials, certain other offer materials, and the solicitation/recommendation statement will be sent free of charge to all shareholders of HTE. All of these materials will also be available free of charge at the SECs Web site at

www.sec.gov
 or by contacting the Information Agent, D.F. King & Co., Inc., at 212-269-5550 or 800-755-7250. 

About
SunGard 
SunGard is a global leader in integrated IT solutions for financial services. SunGard is also the pioneer and
leading provider of information availability services. SunGard serves more than 20,000 clients in over 50 countries, including 47 of the worlds 50 largest financial services institutions. SunGard (NYSE:SDS) is a member of the S&P 500 and
has annual revenues of $2 billion. Visit SunGard at www.sungard.com. 

SunGard Forward Looking Statements 

Statements about the expected effects on SunGard of the acquisition of HTE, statements about the expected timing and scope of the
acquisition, and all other statements in this release other than historical facts are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future financial results and usually contain words such as
believes, intends, expects, anticipates, or similar expressions. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, actual results may differ
materially from expected results due to a variety of factors, including but not limited to, the satisfaction of the conditions to closing of the offer, and SunGards ability to successfully integrate HTEs operations and employees, as well
as the additional factors discussed below and in SunGards annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. 

SunGard derives most of its forward-looking statements from its operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed
assumptions. While SunGard believes that its assumptions are reasonable, it cautions that there are inherent difficulties in predicting certain important factors, such as: the effect of the slowdown in the domestic and global economies on
information technology spending levels and processing revenues; the ramifications of the events of September 11, 2001; the timing and magnitude of software sales; the timing and scope of technological advances, including those resulting in more
alternatives for high-availability services; the integration and performance of acquired businesses, including the availability services businesses of Comdisco, Inc., acquired on November 15, 2001, and of Guardian iT plc, acquired on July 1, 2002;
the prospects for future acquisitions; the ability to attract and retain customers and key personnel; and the overall condition of the financial services industry. SunGard may not be able to complete the HTE acquisition on the terms summarized above
or other acceptable terms, or at all, due to a number of factors, including the failure to obtain either regulatory approval or sufficient acceptances of SunGards offer by HTEs shareholders. The factors described in this paragraph and
other factors that may affect SunGard or its ability to complete acquisitions and realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, as and when applicable, are discussed in SunGards filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, a copy of which may be obtained from SunGard without charge. 

Trademark Information: SunGard and the SunGard logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of SunGard Data
Systems Inc. or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and other countries. All other trade names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. 

# # # 

EX-99.(B)(2)

dex99b2.htm

AMENDED 364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT

Amended 364-Day Credit Agreement

Exhibit
(b)(2) 

CONFORMED COPY 

AMENDMENT dated as of September 30, 2002
(this 
Amendment
) to the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of January 25, 2002 (as amended, restated or otherwise supplemented from time to time, the 
364-Day Credit Agreement
) and the Three-Year Credit Agreement
dated as of January 25, 2002 (as amended, restated or otherwise supplemented from time to time, the 
Three-Year Credit Agreement
, and together with the 364-Day Credit Agreement, the 
Credit Agreement
s), in each
case among SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the 
Borrower
), the financial institutions from time to time party thereto (the 
Lenders
), JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as Administrative Agent for the
Lenders (in such capacity, the 
Administrative Agent
), PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Syndication Agent for the Lenders, and FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK, ABN AMRO BANK, N.V. and FLEET NATIONAL BANK, as Co-Documentation Agents for
the Lenders. 

A.    The
Borrower has requested that the Lenders amend the Credit Agreements so as to provide the Borrower with the ability to make up to $15,000,000 of loans to its existing customers outside the ordinary course of business, which loans are currently
prohibited by the terms of Section 6.06 of each Credit Agreement. 

B.    The undersigned Lenders are willing to agree to such amendments, on the terms, subject to the conditions and to the extent set forth herein. 

In consideration of the premises and the agreements,
provisions and covenants herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, as
follows: 

SECTION
1.    
Definitions; References.
    Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each capitalized term used but not defined herein which is defined in the Credit Agreements shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in the Credit Agreements. 

SECTION 2.    
Amendment of Section 6.06 of each Credit Agreement.
    Pursuant to Section 9.02 of the Credit Agreements, effective as of the Effective Date (as defined in Section 4
hereof), the Lenders hereby amend and restate clause (g) of Section 6.06 of each Credit Agreement in its entirety as follows: 

(g)    loans or extensions of credit to customers; 
provided
, 
however
, that any such loans or
extensions of credit made outside the ordinary course of business may not exceed $15,000,000 at any one time outstanding;. 

SECTION
3.    
Representations and Warranties.
    To induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Amendment, the Borrower represents to each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that, as of the
Effective Date: 

(i)    after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreements are true and correct in all material respects on the date hereof with the same
effect as if made on the Effective Date, except for representations and warranties that expressly relate to an earlier date, which representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; 

(ii)    after giving
effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under either Credit Agreement; and 

(iii)    this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation the Borrower, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 

SECTION 4.    
Conditions to Effectiveness.
    This Amendment shall become effective as of the date (the 
Effective Date
) upon which (i)
the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment that, when taken together, bear the signatures of the Borrower and the Required Lenders under each of the Credit Agreements and (ii) each Lender under each Credit Agreement
that executes and delivers a copy of this Amendment at or prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time, on September 30, 2002 shall have received from the Borrower an amendment fee in an amount equal to .02% of such Lenders outstanding Loans and
unused Commitments under each Credit Agreement on such date; 
provided
, that the Borrower shall not have liability for any amendment fee if this Amendment does not become effective. 

SECTION 5.    
Effect of Amendment.
    Except as expressly set
forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, amend, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreements and shall not alter,
modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreements, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. Nothing
herein shall be deemed to entitle the Borrower to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreements in similar or different
circumstances. This Amendment shall apply and be effective with respect to the matters expressly referred to herein. After the Effective Date, any reference to either Credit Agreement shall mean such Credit Agreement, as modified hereby. 

SECTION
6.    
Applicable Law.
    THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

SECTION 7.    
Counterparts.
    This Amendment may be executed
in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.
Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

SECTION 8.    
Costs and Expenses.
    The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Administrative
Agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this Amendment, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Cravath, Swaine & Moore, counsel for the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION
9.    
Headings.
    The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 

[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first written above. 

SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS, INC.,

by:

/s/ Michael J. Ruane         

Name: Michael J. Ruane

Title: Sr. Vice President & CFO

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,

individually and as Administrative Agent

by:

/s/ Thomas F. Conroy, Jr.         

Name: Thomas F. Conroy, Jr.

Title: Vice President

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT
DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2002 TO
THE SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS
CREDIT
AGREEMENTS EACH DATED
AS OF JANUARY 25, 2002

ALLFIRST BANK,

by:

/s/ Theodore K. Oswald

Name: Theodore K. Oswald

Title: Vice President

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

by:

/s/ Kevin M. McMahon         

Name: Kevin M. McMahon

Title: Managing Director

BANK OF COMMUNICATIONS, NEW YORK BRANCH,

by:

/s/ Liu, Yuning       

Name: Liu, Yuning

Title: Deputy General Manager

BANK HAPOALIM, B.M.,

by:

/s/ James P. Surless

Name: James P. Surless

Title: Vice President

by:

/s/ Laura Anne Raffa

Name: Laura Anne Raffa

Title: Corporate Manager

BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI TRUST COMPANY,

by:

/s/ Spencer Hughes

Name: Spencer Hughes

Title: Vice President

BNP PARIBAS,

by:

/s/ Robert Mimaki

Name: Robert Mimaki

Title: Vice President

by:

/s/ Richard Ong Pho

Name: Richard Ong Pho

Title: Associate

CITIZENS BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA,

by:

/s/ W. Anthony Watson        

Name: W. Anthony Watson

Title: Vice President

FIFTH THIRD BANK,

by:

/s/ Christine L. Wagner      

Name: Christine L. Wagner

Title: Assistant Vice President

FLEET NATIONAL BANK,

by:

/s/ Kevin Tien        

Name: Kevin Tien

Title: Senior Associate

KEY CORPORATE CAPITAL INC.,

by:

/s/ Jeff Kalinowski        

Name: Jeff Kalinowski

Title: Vice President

MIZUHO CORPORATE BANK, LTD.,

by:

/s/ Andreas Panteli      

Name: Andreas Panteli

Title: Senior Vice President

NATIONAL AUSTRALIA BANK,

by:

/s/ Eduardo Salazar        

Name: Eduardo Salazar

Title: Director

NATIONAL CITY BANK,

by:

/s/ Tara M. Handforth        

Name: Tara M. Handforth

Title: Vice President

NORINCHUKIN BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH,

by:

/s/ Toshiyuki Futaoka        

Name: Toshiyuki Futaoka

Title: Joint General Manager

PB CAPITAL CORPORATION,

by:

/s/ Maria C. Levy        

Name: Maria C. Levy

Title: Vice President

by:

/s/ Tyler J. McCarthy        

Name: Tyler J. McCarthy

Title: Assistant Vice President

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

by:

/s/ Keith R. White        

Name: Keith R. White

Title: Vice President

THE BANK OF NEW YORK,

by:

/s/ Russell A. Burr        

Name: Russell A. Burr

Title: Senior Vice President

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

by:

/s/ M. Kus        

Name: M. Kus

Title: Director

WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, (formerly known as First Union
National Bank),

by:

/s/ Anne L. Sayles      

Name: Anne L. Sayles

Title: Director

EX-99.(B)(3)

dex99b3.htm

AMENDMENT  TO 364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT

Amendment  to 364-Day Credit Agreement

Exhibit
(b)(3) 

Execution Copy 

AMENDMENT dated as of January 10, 2003 (this

Amendment
) to the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of January 25, 2002 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the 
Credit Agreement
), among SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the 
Borrower
), the financial institutions from time to time party thereto (the 
Lenders
), JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the 
Administrative
Agent
), PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Syndication Agent for the Lenders, and FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK, ABN AMRO BANK, N.V. and FLEET NATIONAL BANK, as Co-Documentation Agents for the Lenders. 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders amend the
Credit Agreement so as to, among other things, extend the Termination Date for an additional 364 days; and 

WHEREAS, the undersigned Lenders are willing to agree to such amendments, on the terms, subject to the conditions and to the extent set
forth herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the above premises, the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, as follows: 

SECTION
1.    
Definitions; References
.    Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each capitalized term used herein but not defined herein which is defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. 

SECTION 2.    
Amendment of Credit Agreement
.    Pursuant to Section 9.02 of the Credit Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), the Lenders hereby
amend the Credit Agreement as follows: 

(a)    
Amendment of Section 1.01
.     Section 1.01 is amended as follows: 

(i)    The definition of 
Maturity Date
 is amended and restated as follows:


Maturity Date
 means the Termination Date, unless the Maturity Date is extended pursuant to Section 2.07(e) to the first anniversary of the Termination Date. 

(ii)    The definition of

Termination Date
 is amended by replacing the reference therein to January 24, 2003 with a reference to January 9, 2004. 

(b)    
Amendment of Section 2.07
.    Section
2.07 is amended by adding a new clause (e) immediately following clause (d) as follows: 

(e)    The Borrower may by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent not less than 20
and not more than 30 days prior to the Termination Date extend the Maturity Date from the Termination Date to the first anniversary of the Termination Date. 

(c)    
Amendment of Section 6.13
.    Section
6.13 is amended by replacing the reference therein to March 31, 2002 with a reference to September 30, 2002 and by replacing the reference therein to $850,000,000 with a reference to $929,881,000.

(d)    
Amendment of Schedule 2.01
.    Schedule 2.01 is replaced with Schedule 2.01 attached hereto. 

SECTION 3.    
Representations and Warranties
.    To induce the
other parties hereto to enter into this Amendment, the Borrower represents to each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that, as of the Effective Date: 

(a)    after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower set
forth in the Credit Agreement are true and correct with the same effect as if made on the Effective Date, except for representations and warranties that expressly relate to an earlier date, which representations and warranties were true and correct
as of such earlier date; 

(b)    after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Agreement or the Three-Year Credit Agreement; and 

(c)    this Amendment has
been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation the Borrower, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 

SECTION 4.    
Conditions to Effectiveness
.    This Amendment
shall become effective on the date (the 
Effective Date
) upon which each of the following conditions is satisfied: 

(a)    The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment that, when taken together, bear the signatures of the Borrower and each of the Lenders under the Credit Agreement. 

(b)    The Administrative
Agent shall have received a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of each of (i) Sara G. Armstrong, Assistant General Counsel of the Borrower, substantially in the form of
Exhibit A-1 hereto, and (ii) Blank Rome Comisky & McCauley LLP, outside counsel for the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, and, in the case of each such opinion, covering such other matters relating to the Borrower, the
Credit Agreement, this Amendment, the transactions contemplated hereby and such other matters as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Borrower hereby requests that each such counsel deliver such opinion. 

(c)    The Administrative
Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Borrower, the authorization of this Amendment and the
transactions contemplated hereby and any other legal matters relating to the Borrower, the Subsidiaries, the Credit Agreement, this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
and its counsel. 

(d)    The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the President, a Vice President or a Financial Officer of the Borrower, confirming (i) the representations
and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, are true and correct as of the Effective Date, except for representations and warranties that expressly relate to an earlier date, which representations
and warranties were true and correct as of such earlier date, (ii) the Borrower is in compliance with all the terms and provisions set forth in the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, on its part to be observed or performed and (iii)
after giving effect to this Amendment on the Effective Date, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under the Credit Agreement or the Three-Year Credit Agreement. 

(e)    The Administrative
Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel)
required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement. 

(f)    The Administrative Agent shall have received, for its own account and the accounts of the Lenders, all outstanding amounts under the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the effectiveness of this
Amendment. 

(g)    The amended and restated Three-Year Credit Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by all parties thereto and become effective pursuant to its terms. 

SECTION 5.    
Effect of
Amendment
.    Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, amend, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the
Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement, all of which are ratified and affirmed in
all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle the Borrower to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or
agreements contained in the Credit Agreement in similar or different circumstances. This Amendment shall apply and be effective with respect to the matters expressly referred to herein. After the Effective Date, any reference to the Credit Agreement
shall mean the Credit Agreement, as modified hereby. 

SECTION 6.    
Applicable Law
.    
THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

SECTION
7.    
Counterparts
.    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed
an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart
hereof. 

SECTION
8.    
Costs and Expenses
.    The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this Amendment, including the reasonable fees, charges
and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 9.    
Headings
.    The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 

[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first written above. 

SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS INC.,

by:

        /s/    Michael J.
Ruane      

Name:    Michael J. Ruane

Title:      Sr. Vice President - Finance

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,

individually and as Administrative Agent,

by:

        /s/    Thomas H. Kozlark

Name:    Thomas H. Kozlark

Title:      Vice President

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT

DATED AS OF JANUARY 10, 2003 TO

THE SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS 364-

DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS

OF JANUARY
25, 2002

To Approve this Amendment:

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Keith R. White

Name:    Keith R. White

Title:      Vice President

To Approve this Amendment:

WACHOVIA BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

Formerly Known As First Union National Bank

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Anne L. Sayles

Name:    Anne L. Sayles

Title:      Director

To Approve this Amendment:

FLEET NATIONAL BANK

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    John B. Desmond

Name:    John B. Desmond

Title:      Director

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT

DATED AS OF JANUARY 10, 2003 TO

THE SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS 364-

DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS

OF JANUARY
25, 2002

To Approve this Amendment:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Kevin M. McMahon

Name:    Kevin M. McMahon

Title:      Managing Director

To Approve this Amendment:

KEY CORPORATE CAPITAL INC.

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Jeff Kalinowski

Name:    Jeff Kalinowski

Title:      Vice President

To Approve this Amendment:

NATIONAL AUSTRALIA BANK

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Eduardo Salazar

Name:    Eduardo Salazar

Title:      Director

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT

DATED AS OF JANUARY 10, 2003 TO

THE SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS 364-

DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS

OF JANUARY
25, 2002

To Approve this Amendment:

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    M. Kus

Name:    M. Kus

Title:      Director

To Approve this Amendment:

SVENSKA HANDELSBANKEN AB (PUBL)

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Mark
Emmett    /s/    Jonas Daun

Name:    Mark
Emmett            Jonas Daun

Title:      Vice
President          Senior Vice President

To Approve this Amendment:

ABN AMRO BANK N.V.

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Richard DaCosta

Name:    Richard DaCosta

Title:      Group Vice President

by:

        /s/    Jana Dombrowski

Name:    Jana Dombrowski

Title:      Vice President

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT

DATED AS OF JANUARY 10, 2003 TO

THE SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS 364-

DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS

OF JANUARY
25, 2002

To Approve this Amendment:

THE BANK OF NEW YORK

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    David Csatari

Name:    David Csatari

Title:      Assistant Vice President

To Approve this Amendment:

BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI TRUST COMPANY

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Spencer Hughes

Name:    Spencer Hughes

Title:      Vice President

To Approve this Amendment:

BANK OF COMMUNICATIONS, NEW YORK BRANCH,

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Li, De Cai

Name:    Li, De Cai

Title:      General Manager

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT

DATED AS OF JANUARY 10, 2003 TO

THE SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS 364-

DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS

OF JANUARY
25, 2002

To Approve this Amendment:

BNP PARIBAS

San Francisco Branch

180 Montgomery Street

San Francisco, CA 94104

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    James F. McCann

Name:    James F. McCann

Title:      Director

by:

        /s/    Rafael C. Lumanian

Name:    Rafael C. Lumanian

Title:      Director

To Approve this Amendment:

E. SUN COMMERCIAL BANK, LTD.,

Los Angeles Branch

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Benjamin Lin

Name:    Benjamin Lin

Title:      EVP & General Manager

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT

DATED AS OF JANUARY 10, 2003 TO

THE SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS 364-

DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS

OF JANUARY
25, 2002

To Approve this Amendment:

MIZUHO CORPORATE BANK, LTD.

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Naoki Yamamori

Name:    Naoki Yamamori

Title:      Deputy General Manager

To Approve this Amendment:

NATIONAL CITY BANK

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Tara M. Handforth

Name:    Tara M. Handforth

Title:      Vice President

To Approve this Amendment:

ALLFIRST BANK

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Theodore K. Oswald

Name:    Theodore K. Oswald

Title:      Vice President

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT

DATED AS OF JANUARY 10, 2003 TO

THE SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS 364-

DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS

OF JANUARY
25, 2002

To Approve this Amendment:

BANK HAPOALIM, B.M.

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    James P. Surless

Name:    James P. Surless

Title:      Vice President

by:

        /s/    Conrad Wagner

Name:    Conrad Wagner

Title:      First Vice President

To Approve this Amendment:

CITIZENS BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA

as a new Lender, a 
continuing Lender
, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    W. Anthony Watson

Name:    W. Anthony Watson

Title:      Vice President

To Approve this Amendment:

FIFTH THIRD BANK

as a new Lender, a continuing Lender, or an exiting Lender

by:

        /s/    Christine L. Wagner

Name:    Christine L. Wagner

Title:      Assistant Vice President

EX-99.(B)(4)

dex99b4.htm

AMENDED AND RESTATED THREE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT

Amended and Restated Three-Year Credit Agreement

Exhibit
(b)(4) 

EXECUTION COPY 

AMENDED AND
RESTATED 

THREE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of 

January 10, 2003 

among 

SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS INC., 
as a Borrower and as Guarantor, 

The Other Borrowing 
Subsidiaries Party Hereto, 

The
Lenders Party Hereto, 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK,

as Administrative Agent, 

J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED, 
as London Agent, 

PNC BANK,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
as Syndication Agent, 

FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK, 
as Documentation Agent, 

ABN AMRO BANK, N.V., 
as Co-Documentation Agent, 

and 

FLEET NATIONAL BANK, 
as Co-Documentation Agent 

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES INC.,

as Advisor, Lead Arranger 
and Sole Bookrunner 

PNC
CAPITAL MARKETS, INC., 
as Co-Arranger 

FIRST UNION SECURITIES, INC., 
as Co-Arranger 

ABN AMRO, 

as Co-Arranger, 

FLEET SECURITIES, INC., 
as Co-Arranger, 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK, 
as Co-Arranger, 

and 

KEY TECHNOLOGY FINANCE, 
as Co-Arranger 

 

Page

ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01.

Defined Terms

SECTION 1.02

Classification of Loans and Borrowings

SECTION 1.03.

Terms Generally

SECTION 1.04.

Accounting Terms; GAAP

SECTION 1.05.

Exchange Rates

SECTION 1.06.

Redenomination of Sterling

ARTICLE II

The Credits

SECTION 2.01.

Commitments

SECTION 2.02.

Loans and Borrowings

SECTION 2.03.

Requests for Borrowings

SECTION 2.04.

Funding of Borrowings

SECTION 2.05.

Interest Elections

SECTION 2.06.

Termination and Reduction of Commitments

SECTION 2.07.

Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt

SECTION 2.08.

Prepayment of Loans

SECTION 2.09.

Fees

SECTION 2.10.

Interest

SECTION 2.11.

Alternate Rate of Interest

SECTION 2.12.

Increased Costs

SECTION 2.13.

Break Funding Payments

SECTION 2.14.

Taxes

SECTION 2.15.

Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs

SECTION 2.16.

Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders

SECTION 2.17.

Borrowing Subsidiaries

ARTICLE III 

Representations and
Warranties

SECTION 3.01.

Organization; Powers

SECTION 3.02.

Authorization; Enforceability

SECTION 3.03.

Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts

SECTION 3.04.

Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change

SECTION 3.05.

Properties

SECTION 3.06.

Litigation and Environmental Matters

SECTION 3.07.

Compliance with Laws and Agreements

SECTION 3.08.

Investment and Holding Company Status

SECTION 3.09.

Taxes

SECTION 3.10.

ERISA

SECTION 3.11.

Disclosure

SECTION 3.12.

Subsidiaries

SECTION 3.13.

Insurance

SECTION 3.14.

Solvency

SECTION 3.15.

Federal Reserve Regulations

SECTION 3.16.

Pari Passu Status

ARTICLE IV

Conditions

SECTION 4.01.

Effective Date

SECTION 4.02.

Each Credit Event

SECTION 4.03.

Initial Borrowing by each Borrowing Subsidiary

ARTICLE V

Affirmative
Covenants

SECTION 5.01.

Financial Statements and Other Information

SECTION 5.02.

Notices of Material Events

SECTION 5.03.

Existence; Conduct of Business

SECTION 5.04.

Payment of Obligations

SECTION 5.05.

Maintenance of Properties

SECTION 5.06.

Insurance

SECTION 5.07.

Books and Records; Inspection Rights

SECTION 5.08.

Compliance with Laws

SECTION 5.09.

Use of Proceeds

ARTICLE VI

Negative Covenants

SECTION 6.01.

Indebtedness

SECTION 6.02.

Liens

SECTION 6.03.

Sale and Leaseback Transactions

SECTION 6.04.

Fundamental Changes

SECTION 6.05.

Asset Sales

SECTION 6.06.

Investments, Loans, Advances and Guarantees

SECTION 6.07.

Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness

SECTION 6.08.

Restrictive Agreements

SECTION 6.09.

Transactions with Affiliates

SECTION 6.10.

Fiscal Year

SECTION 6.11.

Interest Expense Coverage Ratio

SECTION 6.12.

Total Debt Ratio

SECTION 6.13.

Minimum Net Worth

SECTION 6.14.

Hedging Agreements

ARTICLE VII

Events of Default

ARTICLE VIII

The Agents

ARTICLE IX

Guarantee

ARTICLE X

Miscellaneous

SECTION 10.01.

Notices

SECTION 10.02.

Waivers; Amendments

SECTION 10.03.

Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver

SECTION 10.04.

Successors and Assigns

SECTION 10.05.

Survival

SECTION 10.06.

Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness

SECTION 10.07.

Severability

SECTION 10.08.

Right of Setoff

SECTION 10.09.

Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process

SECTION 10.10.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

SECTION 10.11.

Headings

SECTION 10.12.

Confidentiality

SECTION 10.13.

Interest Rate Limitation

SECTION 10.14.

Entire Agreement

SECTION 10.15.

Additional Agents

SECTION 10.16.

Conversion of Currencies

SCHEDULES:

Schedule 2.01    Commitments

Schedule 3.05    Existing Liens

Schedule 3.06    Litigation and Environmental
Matters

Schedule 3.12    Subsidiaries

Schedule 3.13    Insurance

Schedule 6.01    Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 6.08    Existing
Restrictions

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A       Form of Assignment
and Acceptance

Exhibit B-1    Form of Opinion of Borrowers
Assistant General Counsel

Exhibit B-2    Form of Opinion of Borrowers
Outside Counsel

Exhibit C-1    Form of Borrowing Subsidiary
Agreement

Exhibit C-2    Form of Borrowing Subsidiary
Termination

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of January 10, 2003, among SUNGARD DATA SYSTEMS INC., the other BORROWING SUBSIDIARIES (as hereinafter defined), the LENDERS party hereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as Administrative Agent,
J.P. MORGAN EUROPE LIMITED, as London Agent, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Syndication Agent, FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO BANK, N.V., as Co-Documentation Agent, and FLEET NATIONAL BANK, as Co-Documentation Agent.

On January 25, 2002, the Company (as hereinafter
defined), the Administrative Agent and certain of the Lenders entered into the Existing Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined) pursuant to which the lenders thereunder agreed to extend credit to the Company on a revolving credit basis and to make
term loans to the Company. The parties hereto desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement and to restate it in its entirety giving effect to such amendment. Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and
valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree that the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 

The parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions

SECTION 1.01.    
Defined
Terms
.    As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 


ABR
, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 


Adjusted LIBO Rate
 means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such
Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 


Administrative Agent
 means JPMorgan Chase Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder, or any successor thereto appointed in accordance with Article VIII. 


Administrative Questionnaire
 means an
Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 


Affiliate
 means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common
Control with the Person specified. 


Agents
 means, collectively, the Administrative Agent and the London Agent. 


Agreement Currency
 has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.16(b). 


Alternate Base Rate
 means, for any day, a
rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1%. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate or the Federal
Funds Effective Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, respectively. 


Applicable Agent
 means (a) with respect to a Loan or Borrowing denominated in US Dollars,
or with respect to any payment that does not relate to any Loan or Borrowing, the Administrative Agent, and (b) with respect to a Loan or Borrowing denominated in Euro or Sterling, the London Agent. 


Applicable Creditor
 has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 10.16(b). 


Applicable Percentage
 means, with respect to any Revolving Lender, the percentage of the total Revolving Commitments represented by such Lenders Revolving Commitment. If the Revolving Commitments have
terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 


Applicable Rate
 means, (a) for any day, with respect to any ABR Term Loan or Eurocurrency Term Loan, as the case may
be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR Spread or Eurocurrency Spread, as the case may be, based upon the ratings by Moodys and S&P, respectively, applicable on such date to the Index
Debt: 

Index Debt Ratings:

ABR

Spread

Eurocurrency

Spread

Category 1

A- or A3 or higher

.000%

.750%

Category 2

BBB+ or Baa1

.000%

1.000%

Category 3

BBB or Baa2

.250%

1.250%

Category 4

BBB- or Baa3

.500%

1.500%

Category 5

BB+ or Ba1 or lower or unrated

1.000%

2.000%

and (b) for any day,
with respect to any ABR Revolving Loan or Eurocurrency Revolving Loan, as the case may be, the applicable rate set forth below under the caption ABR Spread, Eurocurrency Spread or Commitment Fee Rate, as the case
may be, based on the ratings by Moodys and S&P, respectively, applicable on such date to the Index Debt: 

Index Debt Ratings:

ABR

Spread

Eurocurrency

Spread

Commitment Fee

Rate

Category 1

A- or A3 or higher

.000%

.750%

.075%

Category 2

BBB+ or Baa1

.000%

1.000%

.150%

Category 3

BBB or Baa2

.250%

1.250%

.200%

Category 4

BBB- or Baa3

.500%

1.500%

.275%

Category 5

BB+ or Ba1 or lower or unrated

1.000%

2.000%

.400%

For
purposes of the foregoing, (i) if either Moodys or S&P shall not have in effect a rating for the Index Debt (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this paragraph), then such rating agency shall be
deemed to have established a rating in Category 5; (ii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moodys and S&P for the Index Debt shall fall within different Categories, the Applicable Rate shall be based on the
higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more Categories lower than the other, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the Category next below that of the higher of the two ratings; and (iii) if
the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moodys and S&P for the Index Debt shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moodys or S&P), such change shall be effective as of the
date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency. Each change in the Applicable Rate shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of
the next such change. If the rating system of Moodys or S&P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Company and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to
amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating most
recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. 


Assignment and Acceptance
 means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.04), and accepted by the Administrative
Agent, in the form of Exhibit A hereto or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 


Board
 means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 


Borrower
 means the Company or any Borrowing Subsidiary. 


Borrowing
 means Loans of the same Class and Type and currency, made, converted or
continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 


Borrowing Minimum
 means (a) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, $5,000,000 and (b) in the case of a
Borrowing denominated in any other currency, the smallest amount of such other currency that is a multiple of 1,000,000 units of such currency that has a US Dollar Equivalent equal to or in excess of $5,000,000. 


Borrowing Multiple
 means (a) in the case of
a Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, $1,000,000 and (b) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in any other currency, 1,000,000 units of such currency. 


Borrowing Request
 means a request by a Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03. 


Borrowing Subsidiary
 means, at any time,
each of the Subsidiaries that (a) is named on the signature pages to this Agreement or (b) has been designated as a Borrowing Subsidiary by the Company pursuant to Section 2.17, other than any such Subsidiary that has ceased to be a Borrowing
Subsidiary as provided in Section 2.17. 


Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement
 means a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1. 


Borrowing Subsidiary Termination
 means a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2.


Business Day
 means any day
that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; 
provided
 that, (a) when used in connection with a Eurocurrency Loan, the term 
Business
Day
 shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in the applicable currency in the London interbank 

market and (b) when used in connection with a Loan denominated in Euro, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which
the TARGET payment system is not open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 


Calculation Date
 means the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter of the Company. 


Capital Lease Obligations
 of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any
lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the
amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 


Change in Control
 means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any
Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), of shares representing more than 30% of the aggregate
ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company; (b)(i) the Company consolidates with or merges into another corporation or conveys, transfers or leases all or substantially all of its properties and
assets (determined on a consolidated basis for the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole) to any Person, or (ii) any corporation consolidates with or merges into the Company or a Subsidiary in a transaction in which the outstanding voting
stock of the Company is changed into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than a transaction solely between the Company and a Subsidiary of the Company or a transaction involving only stock consideration which is permitted
under Section 6.04 or (c) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Company by Persons who were neither (i) nominated by the board of directors of the Company nor (ii) appointed by directors so
nominated. 


Change in Law

means (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental 

Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.12(b), by any lending office of
such Lender or by such Lenders holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement. 


Class
, when used in reference to any Loan
or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are US Tranche Revolving Loans, European Tranche Revolving Loans or Term Loans and, when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a
US Tranche Revolving Commitment or a European Tranche Revolving Commitment. 


Code
 means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 


Commitment
 means a US Tranche Revolving Commitment or a European Tranche Revolving Commitment, or any combination
thereof (as the context requires). 


Company
 means SunGard Data Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation. 


Consolidated Cash Interest Expense
 means, for any period, the excess of (a) the sum of (i) the interest expense
(including imputed interest expense in respect of Capital Lease Obligations) of the Company and the Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any interest accrued during such period in respect of
Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary that is required to be capitalized rather than included in consolidated interest expense for such period in accordance with GAAP, plus (iii) any cash payments made during such period in respect of
obligations referred to in clause (b)(iii) below that were amortized or accrued in a previous period, minus (b) the sum of (i) interest income of the Company and the Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with
GAAP, (ii) to the extent included in such consolidated interest expense for such period, non-cash amounts attributable to amortization of financing costs paid in a previous period, plus (iii) to the extent included in such consolidated interest
expense for such period, non-cash amounts attributable to amortization of 

debt discounts or accrued interest payable in kind for such period. 


Consolidated EBITDA
 means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus
(a) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of (i) consolidated interest expense for such period, (ii) consolidated income tax expense for such period, (iii) all amounts attributable to
depreciation and amortization for such period, and (iv) any extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash charges for such period, and minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Consolidated Net Income, any extraordinary
or non-recurring gains for such period, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 


Consolidated Intangible Assets
 means, on any date, the consolidated intangible assets of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, as such amounts would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP. 


Consolidated Net Assets
 means, on any date, the excess of Consolidated Total Assets over Consolidated Current
Liabilities. 


Consolidated Net
Income
 means, for any period, the net income or loss of the Company and the Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; 
provided
 that there shall be excluded (a) the income of any Person
(other than the Company) in which any other Person (other than the Company or any Subsidiary or any director holding qualifying shares in compliance with applicable law) owns an Equity Interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or
other distributions actually paid to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries during such period and (b) the income or loss of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Company or any
Subsidiary or the date that such Persons assets are acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary. 


Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
 means, on any date, the excess of Consolidated Total Assets over Consolidated
Intangible Assets. 


Consolidated Net Worth
 means, on any date, the excess of Consolidated Total Assets over Consolidated Total Liabilities. 


Consolidated Total Assets
 means, on any date, the consolidated total assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries, as
such amount would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Subsidiaries prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 


Consolidated Total Debt
 means, on any date, the sum of all Indebtedness (including without limitation Capitalized Lease
Obligations) of the Company and the Subsidiaries that would be reflected on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Subsidiaries prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 


Consolidated Total Liabilities
 means, on
any date, the consolidated total liabilities of the Company and the Subsidiaries as such amount would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Subsidiaries prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 


Consolidated Total Revenues
 means, for any
period, the consolidated total revenues of the Company and the Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 


Control
 means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. 
Controlling
 and 
Controlled
 have meanings correlative thereto. 


Default
 means any event or condition which
constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 


Disclosed Matters
 means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06.


dollars
, 
US
Dollars
 or 
$
 refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 


Domestic Subsidiary
 means any Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary. 


Effective Date
 means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance
with Section 10.02). 


EMU
Legislation
 means the legislative measures of the European Union for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of the Euro in one or more member states. 


Environmental Laws
 means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees,
judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened
release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters. 


Environmental Liability
 means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Company or any
Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) the violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous
Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.


Equity Interests
 shall mean
shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity interests in any Person, or any obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or giving any
Person a right, option or warrant to acquire such equity interests or such convertible or exchangeable obligations. 


ERISA
 means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 


ERISA Affiliate
 means any trade or business
(whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under Section 

414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under
Section 414 of the Code. 


ERISA
Event
 means (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the existence with
respect to any Plan of an accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an
application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt
by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA
Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Company or
any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; (h) the occurrence
of a prohibited transaction with respect to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a disqualified person (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code) or with respect to which the Company or any such Subsidiary
could otherwise be liable; or (i) any other event or condition with respect to a Plan or Multiemployer Plan that could result in liability of the Company or any Subsidiary under Title IV of ERISA. 


Euro
 or  means the single
currency of the European Union as constituted by the treaty establishing the European Community being the Treaty of Rome, as amended from time to time and as referred to in the EMU Legislation. 


Eurocurrency
, when used in reference to any
Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans 

comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. 


European Lending Office
 means, as to any
European Tranche Revolving Lender, the applicable branch, office or Affiliate of such European Tranche Revolving Lender in London designated by such European Tranche Revolving Lender to make Loans in Euro or Sterling. 


European Tranche Revolving Borrowing
 means
a Borrowing comprised of European Tranche Revolving Loans. 


European Tranche Revolving Commitment
 means, with respect to each European Tranche Revolving Lender, the commitment of such European Tranche Revolving Lender to make European Tranche Revolving Loans pursuant to
Section 2.01(b), expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate permitted amount of such Lenders European Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06
and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.04. The initial amount of each European Tranche Revolving Lenders European Tranche Revolving Commitment is set forth on Schedule
2.01, or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such European Tranche Revolving Lender shall have assumed its European Tranche Revolving Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the European Tranche Revolving Commitments on the
Effective Date is $75,000,000. 


European
Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure
 means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of the European Tranche Revolving Loans denominated in US Dollars outstanding at such time and (b) the US Dollar Equivalent of the
aggregate principal amount of the European Tranche Revolving Loans denominated in Euro or Sterling outstanding at such time. The European Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be such Lenders European Tranche
Revolving Percentage of the total European Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure at such time. 


European Tranche Revolving Lender
 means a Lender with a European Tranche Revolving Commitment or with outstanding European Tranche Revolving Loans. 


European Tranche Revolving Loan
 means a Loan made by a European Tranche Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(b). Each European Tranche Revolving Loan denominated in US Dollars shall be a Eurocurrency Loan or
an ABR Loan and each European Tranche Revolving Loan denominated in Euro or Sterling shall be a Eurocurrency Loan. 


European Tranche Revolving Percentage
 means, with respect to any European Tranche Revolving Lender, the percentage of
the total European Tranche Revolving Commitments represented by such Lenders European Tranche Revolving Commitment. If the European Tranche Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the European Tranche Revolving Percentages shall be
determined based upon the European Tranche Revolving Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 


Event of Default
 has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 


Exchange Rate
 means, on any day, for
purposes of determining the US Dollar Equivalent of any other currency, the rate at which such other currency may be exchanged into US Dollars, as set forth at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such day on the Reuters World Currency Page for
such currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Currency Page, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the
Administrative Agent and the Company, or, in the absence of such an agreement, such Exchange Rate shall instead be the arithmetic average of the spot rates of exchange of the Administrative Agent in the market where its foreign currency exchange
operations in respect of such currency are then being conducted, at or about 10:00 a.m., Local Time, on such date for the purchase of US Dollars with such other currency for delivery two Business Days later; 
provided
 that if at the time of
any such determination, for any reason, no such spot rate is being quoted, the Administrative Agent may use any reasonable method it deems appropriate to determine such rate, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.


Excluded Taxes
 means, with
respect to any Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to 

be made by or on account of any Obligation of any Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed
on (or measured by) its net income by the United States of America, or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending
office is located, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction described in clause (a) above and (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a
request by the Company under Section 2.16(b)), any withholding tax that (i) is in effect and would apply to amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending
office), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the applicable Borrower with respect to any
withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.14(a), or (ii) is attributable to such Foreign Lenders failure to comply with Section 2.14(e). 


Existing Credit Agreement
 means the Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Company, the lenders party
thereto, the Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, and ABN Amro, N.V. and Fleet National Bank, as Co-Documentation Agents. 


Federal Funds Effective Rate
 means, for any
day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding
Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such day for such transactions
received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 


Financial Officer
 means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the
Company. 


Foreign Lender
 means, as to any Borrower, any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is located. For purposes of this definition, the United States of
America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 


Foreign Subsidiary
 means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States
of America or any State thereof or the District of Columbia. 


GAAP
 means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 


Governmental Authority
 means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political
subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or
pertaining to government. 


Guarantee
 of or by any Person (the 
guarantor
) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other
obligation of any other Person (the 
primary obligor
) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the
purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of
assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to
pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; 
provided
, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements
for collection or deposit. 


Hazardous Materials
 means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos
containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 


Hedging Agreement
 means any interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange
agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement. 


Indebtedness
 of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with
respect to deposits or advances of any kind (excluding deferred revenue incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person
under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable and
accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or
acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise,
of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, and (j) all obligations in respect of Third Party
Securities issued by such Person in connection with Receivables Sales (regardless of whether denominated as debt or equity securities). The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in
which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such 

Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. The Indebtedness of any Person shall not on any date include the obligation to
make earnout payments resulting from acquisitions, except to the extent such obligation would be required to be reflected as a liability on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 


Indemnified Taxes
 means Taxes other than
Excluded Taxes. 


Index Debt

means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company that is not guaranteed by any other Person or subject to any other credit enhancement. 


Interest Election Request
 means a request by a Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving
Borrowing or a Term Loan Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05. 


Interest Payment Date
 means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and December and the date on which such Loan is repaid and (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency
Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such
Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period. 


Interest Period
 means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing
and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months thereafter, as the applicable Borrower may elect, 
provided
, that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business
Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall
end on the next preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last
calendar month of such Interest Period) 

shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially
shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 


Judgment Currency
 has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.16(b). 


Lenders
 means the Persons listed on
Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance. 


LIBO Rate
 means, (a) with respect to any
Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in US Dollars or Sterling for any Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Applicable Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the Quotation Day for such Interest Period by reference to the
British Bankers Association Interest Settlement Rates for deposits in the currency of such Borrowing (as reflected on the applicable Telerate screen), for a period equal to such Interest Period; and (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency
Borrowing denominated in Euro for any Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the London Agent at approximately 10:00 a.m., London time, on the Quotation Day for such Interest Period by reference to the Banking Federation of the European
Union Settlement Rates for deposits in Euro (as reflected on the applicable Telerate screen), for a period equal to such Interest Period; 
provided
 that, to the extent that an interest rate is not ascertainable pursuant to the foregoing
provisions of this definition, the LIBO Rate shall mean the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the rates per annum at which deposits in the currency of such Eurocurrency Borrowing are offered for such
Interest Period to the principal London office of the Administrative Agent in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the Quotation Day for such Interest Period. 


Lien
 means, with respect to any asset, (a)
any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under 

any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic
effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset. 


Loan Documents
 means this Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Termination and each promissory note delivered pursuant to this Agreement, as such documents may be amended,
modified, supplemented or restated from time to time. 


Loans
 means the Revolving Loans and the Term Loans made by the Lenders to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement. 


Local Time
 means (a) with respect to a Loan or Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, New York City time, and (b) with
respect to a Loan or Borrowing denominated in Euro or Sterling, London time. 


London Agent
 means J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, in its capacity as London agent for the Lenders hereunder, or any successor thereto appointed in accordance with Article VIII.


Material Adverse Effect
 means
a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Company to perform any of its material obligations under any Loan Document or (c)
the rights of or benefits available to the Lenders under any Loan Document. 


Material Foreign Subsidiary
 means any Foreign Subsidiary (i) the net assets of which were greater than 1% of Consolidated Net Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal
period for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, prior to the first delivery of such financial statements, greater than 1% of Consolidated Net Assets as of the date of the most recent financial
statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)) or (ii) the total revenues of which were greater than 1% of Consolidated Total Revenues for the four-fiscal-quarter period ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal period for which financial
statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, prior to the first delivery of such financial statements, 

greater than 1% of Consolidated Total Revenues for the four-fiscal-quarter period ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal period set
forth in the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)). For purposes of making the determinations required by this definition, total revenues and net assets of Foreign Subsidiaries shall be converted into US dollars at the
rates used in preparing the financial statements of the Company to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, prior to the first delivery of such financial statements, at the rates used in preparing the Companys most recent financial
statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)). 


Material Indebtedness
 means Indebtedness (other than the Loans), or obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements, of any one or more of the Company and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount
exceeding $10,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Hedging Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount
(giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Hedging Agreement were terminated at such time. 


Maturity Date
 means January 25, 2005. 


Moodys
 means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 


Multiemployer Plan
 means a multiemployer
plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 


Obligations
 shall mean the obligations of the Company and the other Borrowers under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (as the same may hereafter be amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time) with respect to the due and punctual payment, whether at maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of (i) the principal amount of and interest on the Loans (including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), (ii) all other monetary obligations of the Company and the other Borrowers, whether for fees, costs, expenses, indemnification or
otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any 

bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) and (iii)
the due and punctual payment of all obligations of the Borrowers under each Hedging Agreement (A) entered into prior to the date hereof with a counterparty that is a Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender) on the date hereof or (B) entered into on or
after the date hereof with a counterparty that is a Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender) at the time such Hedging Agreement is entered into. 


OECD
 means the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. 


Other Taxes
 means any and all present or
future recording, stamp, documentary, excise, transfer, sales, property or similar taxes, charges or levies arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any
Loan Document. 


Participant

shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(e). 


PBGC
 means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 


Permitted Encumbrances
 means: 

(a)    Liens imposed by
law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; 

(b)    carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens and
other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 60 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; 

(c)    pledges and
deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations; 

(d)    deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary
course of business; 

(e)    judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII; and 

(f)    easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar
encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of
business of the Company or any Subsidiary; 

provided
 that
the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 


Permitted Investments
 means: 

(a)    direct obligations of the Government of the United States of America or any agency or
instrumentality thereof; 

(b)    stock or obligations issued in settlement of claims of the Company or any Subsidiary against other Persons by reason of bankruptcy or a composition or readjustment of debt or reorganization of any debtor of
the Company or such Subsidiary; 

(c)    readily marketable commercial paper rated A3 or better by Moodys (or similar rating by any similar organization which rates commercial paper); 

(d)    municipal
securities rated A or MIG-2 or higher by or higher by S&P; 

(e)    repurchase agreements relating to securities of the type described in clause (a) above issued by any commercial banking institution with a rating of BBB or higher by S&P;

(f)    shares of money market funds issued by a banking or other financial institution with a rating 

of BBB or higher by S&P or invested with a prudently selected nationally recognized money market fund; 

(g)    commercial bank
certificates of deposit issued by banking institutions with a rating of BBB or higher by S&P and having maturities not in excess of one (1) year; and 

(h)    deposits in dollars or in the currency of any other OECD country held outside the United States
by a bank or financial institution the head office of which is in an OECD country and which has a combined capital and surplus of $1,000,000,000. 


Person
 means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 


Plan
 means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Company
or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 


Prime Rate
 means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by
JPMorgan Chase Bank as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 


Quotation Day
 means, with respect to any
Eurocurrency Borrowing and any Interest Period, the day on which it is market practice in the relevant interbank market for prime banks to give quotations for deposits in the currency of such Borrowing for delivery on the first day of such Interest
Period. If such quotations would normally be given by prime banks on more than one day, the Quotation Day will be the last of such days. 


Receivables Sale
 means the transfer and sale by the Company or the Subsidiaries of accounts receivable to the
Receivables Subsidiary, which shall finance its acquisition of such accounts receivable (i) with proceeds 

from the issuance of Third Party Securities, (ii) with Sellers Retained Interests and (iii) with proceeds from the sale or collection
of accounts receivable previously purchased by it. For purposes of measuring compliance with Section 6.01(f), the amount of any Indebtedness existing in respect of any Receivables Sale at any time shall be deemed to equal the greater of (i) the
aggregate principal amount of Third Party Securities issued in connection with any Receivables Sale which are outstanding at such time or (ii) the maximum purchase limit, however denominated, under the financing of such Receivables Sale.


Receivables Subsidiary
 means
a special purpose trust, partnership, limited liability company or similar entity formed by the Company for the purpose of effecting one or more Receivables Sales which, in connection therewith, issues Third Party Securities; 
provided
 that
such Subsidiary shall engage in no other business other than the purchase of accounts receivable pursuant to Receivables Sales permitted hereunder and the funding of such Receivables Sales. 


Register
 has the meaning set forth in
Section 10.04. 


Regulation D

shall mean Regulation D of the Board from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 


Regulation T
 shall mean Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and
interpretations thereunder or thereof. 


Regulation U
 shall mean Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 


Regulation X
 shall mean Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all
official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 


Related Parties
 means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates.


Required Lenders
 means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures, Term Loans and unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures, outstanding Term
Loans and unused Commitments at such time. 


Reset Date
 has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.05. 


Restricted Payment
 means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with
respect to any Equity Interest of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than the Receivables Subsidiary), or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase,
redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancelation or termination of any Equity Interest of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than the Receivables Subsidiary) or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares of capital stock of the
Company or any Subsidiary (other than the Receivables Subsidiary). 


Revolving Availability Period
 means the period from and including the date hereof to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments. 


Revolving Credit Exposure
 means, with
respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lenders US Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure and European Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure. 


Revolving Lender
 means a Lender with a Revolving Commitment or a Revolving Credit
Exposure. 


Revolving Loan

means a US Tranche Revolving Loan or a European Tranche Revolving Loan. 


SEC
 means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto. 


Sellers Retained Interests
 means the debt or equity interests held by the Company or any Subsidiary in the
Receivables Subsidiary to which accounts receivable of the Company and the Subsidiaries have been transferred in a 

Receivables Sale, including any such debt or equity received in consideration for the assets transferred. 


S&P
 means Standard & Poors.


Statutory Reserve Rate
 means
a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve, liquid asset or similar requirements (including any marginal, special, emergency
or supplemental reserves or other requirements) established by the Board or any other central bank, monetary authority or other Governmental Authority for any category of deposits or liabilities customarily used to fund loans in dollars, Sterling or
Euro, as applicable, or by reference to which interest rates applicable to loans in dollars, Sterling or Euro, as applicable, are determined, expressed in the case of each such requirement as a decimal. Such reserve percentages shall include those
imposed pursuant to Regulation D in the case of Loans denominated in dollars. Eurocurrency Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve, liquid asset or similar requirements without benefit of or credit
for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any other applicable law, rule or regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective
date of any change in any reserve, liquid asset or similar requirement. 


Sterling
 or 

 means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 


subsidiary
 means, with respect to any Person (the 
parent
) at any date, any corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with
GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the
ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, 

otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.


Subsidiary
 means any
subsidiary of the Company. 


Taxes
 means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority. 


Term Loan
 means each term loan made on January 25, 2001 to the Company pursuant to clause
(a) of Section 2.01 as in effect on such date. The initial aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans was $175,000,000. 


Term Loan Lender
 means a Lender with an outstanding Term Loan. The amount of each Term Loan Lenders outstanding
Term Loans on the Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01. 


Third Party Securities
 means, with respect to any Receivables Sale, notes, bonds or other debt instruments, beneficial interests in a trust, undivided ownership interests or other securities issued for cash
consideration by the Receivables Subsidiary to banks, investors or other financing sources (other than the Company and the Subsidiaries) the proceeds of which are used to finance, in whole or part, the purchase by the Receivables Subsidiary of
accounts receivable in a Receivables Sale. 


364-Day Credit Agreement
 means the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of the date hereof among the Company, the lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent,
First Union National Bank, as Documentation Agent, ABN AMRO Bank, N.V., as Co-Documentation Agent, and Fleet National Bank, as Co-Documentation Agent, as such agreement is amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 


Tranche
 means a category of Revolving
Commitments and extensions of credits thereunder. For purposes hereof, each of the following comprises a separate Tranche: (a) the US Tranche Revolving Commitments and the US Tranche Revolving Loans and (b) the European Tranche 

Revolving Commitments and the European Tranche Revolving Loans. 


Transactions
 means the execution, delivery and performance by each Borrower of this
Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof and the other transactions effected on the date hereof and to be effected on the Effective Date. 


Type
, when used in reference to any Loan or
Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Alternate Base Rate. 


US Dollar Equivalent
 means, on any date of determination, (a) with respect to any amount
in US Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount in Euro or Sterling, the equivalent in US Dollars of such amount, determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.05 using the Exchange Rate with respect to such currency at
the time in effect under the provisions of such Section. 


US Dollars
, 
dollars
 or 
$
 refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 


US Lending Office
 means, as to any Lender, the applicable branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender designated by such
Lender to make Loans in US Dollars. 


US
Tranche Revolving Borrowing
 means a Borrowing comprised of US Tranche Revolving Loans. 


US Tranche Revolving Commitment
 means, with respect to each US Tranche Revolving Lender, the commitment of such US Tranche Revolving Lender to make US Tranche Revolving Loans
pursuant to Section 2.01(a), expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate permitted amount of such Lenders US Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section
2.06 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.04. The initial amount of each US Tranche Revolving Lenders US Tranche Revolving Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01,
or in 

the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such US Tranche Revolving Lender shall have assumed its US Tranche Revolving Commitment, as
applicable. The aggregate amount of the US Tranche Revolving Commitments on the Effective Date is $100,000,000. 


US Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure
 means, at any time, the sum of the aggregate principal amount of the US Tranche
Revolving Loans outstanding at such time. The US Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be such Lenders US Tranche Revolving Percentage of the total US Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure at such time. 


US Tranche Revolving Lender
 means a Lender
with a US Tranche Revolving Commitment or with outstanding US Tranche Revolving Loans. 


US Tranche Revolving Loan
 means a Loan made by a US Tranche Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(a). Each US Tranche Revolving Loan shall be a Eurocurrency Loan or an ABR Loan.


US Tranche Revolving
Percentage
 means, with respect to any US Tranche Revolving Lender, the percentage of the total US Tranche Revolving Commitments represented by such Lenders US Tranche Revolving Commitment. If the US Tranche Revolving Commitments have
terminated or expired, the US Tranche Revolving Percentages shall be determined based upon the US Tranche Revolving Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 


Wholly Owned Subsidiary
 shall mean a Subsidiary of which securities or other ownership
interests (except for directors qualifying shares and other de minimis amounts of outstanding securities or ownership interests) representing 100% of the ordinary voting power or 100% of the general partnership interests are, at the time any
determination is being made, owned, controlled or held by the Company or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of the Company or by the Company and one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of the Company. 


Withdrawal Liability
 means liability to a
Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

SECTION
1.02.    
Classification of Loans and Borrowings.
    For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a 
US Tranche Revolving Loan
 or a

Term Loan
) or by Type (e.g., a 
Eurocurrency Loan
) or by Class and Type (e.g., a 
Eurocurrency Revolving Loan
). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a 
US
Tranche Revolving Borrowing
) or by Type (e.g., a 
Eurocurrency Borrowing
) or by Class and Type (e.g., a 
Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing
). 

SECTION 1.03.    
Terms Generally.
    The definitions of terms
herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes
and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires
otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
(subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (c) the words herein,
hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to the date hereof, the
date of this Agreement and like terms shall be construed to refer to January 25, 2002, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and
Schedules to, this Agreement and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities,
accounts and contract rights. References herein to the taking of any action hereunder of an administrative nature by any Borrower shall be deemed to include references to the Company taking such action on such Borrowers behalf and the Agents
are expressly authorized to accept any such action taken by the Company 

as having the same effect as if taken by such Borrower. Any notice given to the Company shall be deemed to have been given simultaneously to
each Borrower. 

SECTION
1.04.    
Accounting Terms; GAAP.
    Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to
time; 
provided
 that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof
on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such
change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such
provision amended in accordance herewith. 

SECTION 1.05.    
Exchange Rates.
    Not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of receipt by the Administrative Agent of each Borrowing Request made by a Borrower pursuant
to Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall (i) determine the Exchange Rate as of such date with respect to Euro and Sterling and (ii) give notice thereof to the Lenders and the Company. The Exchange Rates so determined shall become effective on
the first Business Day immediately following the relevant date of determination (a 
Reset Date
), and shall for all purposes of this Agreement (other than Section 10.16 or any other provision expressly requiring the use of a current
Exchange Rate) be the Exchange Rates employed in converting any amounts between US Dollars and other currencies. 

(b)    Not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on each Calculation Date on which any Revolving Loans are
outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall (i) determine the aggregate amount of the European Tranche Revolving Credit Exposure (after giving effect to any Loans made or repaid on such date) and (ii) notify the Lenders and the Company of the
results of such determination. 

SECTION
1.06.    
Redenomination of Sterling.
    (a)    E