URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/726512/000095014903000456/0000950149-03-000456.txt

RESS:	
		STREET 1:		820 W MAUDE AVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94086
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4086168200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		820 W MAUDE AVENUE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94085

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CALIFORNIA BIOTECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920302

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCIOS NOVA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930423

PREM14A

f87862prem14a.htm

PRELIMINARY SPECIAL MEETING PROXY STATEMENT

prem14a



SCHEDULE 14A

(Rule 14a-101)

INFORMATION
REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT

SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
(  Amendment No. __  )

Filed by the
Registrant  
x

Filed by a Party other than the
Registrant  
o

Check the appropriate box:

x

Preliminary Proxy Statement

o

Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

o

Definitive Proxy Statement

o

Definitive Additional Materials

o

Soliciting Material under  240.14a-12

Scios Inc.

(Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

o

 No fee required.

x

 Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11

1)

Title of each class of securities to which transaction
applies:

             Common Stock, par value $.001 per
share (Common Stock) and Series B Preferred Stock, par
value $.001 per share (Series B Preferred Stock)

2)

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

3)

55,655,850 shares of Common Stock and 4,991 shares of Series B Preferred Stock

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction
computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on
which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):

$45.00 per share of Common Stock and $4,500.00 per share of Series B Preferred Stock

4)

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

$2,526,972,750

5)

Total fee paid:

$204,432

o

 Fee paid previously by written preliminary materials.

o

 Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act
Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee
was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration
statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

1)

Amount
Previously Paid:

2)

Form Schedule
or Registration Statement No.:

3)

Filing Party:

4)

Date Filed:



                              ,

Dear Stockholder:

You are cordially invited to attend the special
meeting of stockholders of Scios Inc., to be held
on                               ,
2003, at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the Stanford Park
Hotel, 100 El Camino Real, Menlo Park, California 94025.

At the special meeting, we will ask you to vote
to adopt the merger agreement among our company, Johnson &
Johnson and a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson.
If the merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive
$45.00 in cash, without interest, for each share of our common
stock that you own.

Our board of directors has carefully reviewed and
considered the terms and conditions of the proposed merger.
Based on its review, the board of directors has determined that
the merger agreement is fair, advisable to, and in the best
interests of, our stockholders. 
ACCORDINGLY, OUR BOARD OF
DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED AND DECLARED ADVISABLE THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE
FOR THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

Your vote is important. We cannot complete the
merger unless the merger agreement is adopted by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of our shares of common stock
outstanding at the close of business on the record date. The
obligations of Scios and Johnson & Johnson to complete the
merger are also subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain
conditions, including receiving clearance from regulatory
agencies. Failure to submit a signed proxy or vote in person at
the special meeting will have the same effect as a vote against
the adoption of the merger agreement. Only stockholders who
owned shares of our common stock at the close of business
on                               ,
2003 will be entitled to vote at the special meeting.

PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN YOUR
PROXY.
 If you hold your shares in
street name, you should instruct your broker how to
vote in accordance with your voting instruction form.

This proxy statement explains the proposed merger
and merger agreement and provides specific information
concerning the special meeting. Please review this document
carefully.

Sincerely,

Richard B. Brewer

President, Chief Executive Officer and
    Director

This proxy statement is
dated                               ,
2003, and is first being mailed to stockholders of Scios Inc. on
or
about                               ,
2003.



NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS

To be Held
on                ,

10:00 a.m.

To the stockholders of Scios Inc.:

Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of
the stockholders of Scios Inc. will be held at the Stanford Park
Hotel, 100 El Camino Real, Menlo Park, California 94025,
on                ,
2003, at 10:00 a.m., local time, for the following purposes:

1.     To consider and
    vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement among
    Johnson & Johnson, Saturn Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly
    owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, and us, pursuant
    to which we will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
    Johnson & Johnson, each outstanding share of our common
    stock will be converted into the right to receive $45.00 in
    cash, without interest and each outstanding share of our
    Series B preferred stock will be converted into the right
    to receive $4,500.00 in cash, without interest; and

2.     To transact such
    other business that may properly come before the special meeting
    or any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting.

Holders of record of shares of our common stock
at the close of business
on                ,
2003, the record date for the special meeting, are entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any
adjournments or postponements of the special meeting.

We cannot complete the merger unless the merger
agreement is adopted by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding at the
close of business on the record date.

Under Delaware law, holders of our common stock
who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement
and holders of our preferred stock will have the right to seek
appraisal of the fair value of their shares as determined by the
Delaware Court of Chancery if the merger is completed, but only
if they submit a written demand for an appraisal prior to the
vote on the merger agreement and if they comply with the
Delaware law procedures explained in the accompanying proxy
statement. See The Merger  Appraisal
Rights on page 27.

Whether or not you plan to attend the special
meeting, please sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card.
Executed proxies with no instructions indicated thereon will be
voted FOR the adoption of the merger agreement. Even
if you have returned your proxy, you may still vote in person if
you attend the special meeting. Please note, however, that if
your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other
nominee and you wish to vote at the meeting, you must obtain
from the record holder a proxy issued in your name. If you fail
to return your proxy or to vote in person at the special
meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of
determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting,
and will effectively be counted as a vote against the adoption
of the merger agreement.

Please do not send any stock certificates at
this time.

By order of the Board of Directors,

Matthew R. Hooper

Secretary

Sunnyvale, California

               ,



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY

The Companies

The Merger

Conditions to Completion of the Merger (see page 39)

No Solicitation of Other Acquisition Proposals by Scios (see page 40)

Termination of the Merger Agreement (see page 42)

The Special Meeting

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors (see page 18)

Opinion of Our Investment Banker (see page 19)

Interests of Our Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (see page 22)

Treatment of Our Stock Options and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (see page 31)

Convertible Notes (see page 38)

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences (see page 25)

Appraisal Rights (see page 27)

Regulatory Approvals (see page 26)

The Paying Agent

THE COMPANIES

Scios Inc.

Johnson & Johnson

Saturn Merger Sub, Inc.

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of the Special Meeting

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum

Vote Required

Shares Owned by Our Directors and Executive Officers

Voting of Proxies

Revocability of Proxies

Solicitation of Proxies

Assistance

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors

Opinion of Our Investment Banker -- J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.

Interests of Our Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

Regulatory Approvals

Appraisal Rights

Structure of the Merger

Effective Time of the Merger

The Common Stock Merger Consideration

The Preferred Stock Merger Consideration

Treatment of Our Stock Options and Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Surrender of Stock Certificates

Lost Certificates

Unclaimed Amounts

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Representations and Warranties

Covenants

Directors and Officers Indemnification, Advancement of Expenses, Exculpation and Insurance

Employee Benefits Matters

Efforts to Complete the Merger

Convertible Notes

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

No Solicitation of Other Acquisition Proposals by Scios

Termination

Amendment, Extension and Waiver

Fees and Expenses

STOCK OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS

OTHER MATTERS

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION





QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
    MERGER

Q-1

SUMMARY

The Companies

The Merger

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

No Solicitation of Other Acquisition Proposals by
    Scios

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The Special Meeting

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors

Opinion of Our Investment Banker

Interests of Our Directors and Executive Officers
    in the Merger

Treatment of Our Stock Options and Employee Stock
    Purchase Plan

Convertible Notes

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

Appraisal Rights

Regulatory Approvals

The Paying Agent

THE COMPANIES

Scios Inc.

Johnson & Johnson

Saturn Merger Sub, Inc. 

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of the Special Meeting

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum

Vote Required

Shares Owned by Our Directors and Executive
    Officers

Voting of Proxies

Revocability of Proxies

Solicitation of Proxies

Assistance

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors

Opinion of Our Investment Banker  J.P.
    Morgan Securities Inc. 

Interests of Our Directors and Executive Officers
    in the Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

Regulatory Approvals

Appraisal Rights

Structure of the Merger

Effective Time of the Merger

The Common Stock Merger Consideration

The Preferred Stock Merger Consideration

i



Treatment of Our Stock Options and Employee Stock
    Purchase Plan

Surrender of Stock Certificates

Lost Certificates

Unclaimed Amounts

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Representations and Warranties

Covenants

Directors and Officers
    Indemnification, Advancement of Expenses, Exculpation and
    Insurance

Employee Benefits Matters

Efforts to Complete the Merger

Convertible Notes

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

No Solicitation of Other Acquisition Proposals by
    Scios

Termination

Amendment, Extension and Waiver

Fees and Expenses

STOCK OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL
    STOCKHOLDERS

OTHER MATTERS

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
    STATEMENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL
    INFORMATION

ANNEXES:

Annex A  Agreement and Plan of Merger

Annex B  Opinion of J.P. Morgan
    Securities Inc. 

Annex C  Section 262 of the
    General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

ii



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
MERGER

Q: 

What will happen to Scios as a result of the
    merger?

A: 

If the merger is completed, we will become a
    wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson.

Q: 

What will happen to my shares of Scios common
    stock or preferred stock after the merger?

A: 

At the effective time of the merger and except as
    described in this proxy statement, each outstanding share of our
    common stock will automatically be canceled and will be
    converted into the right to receive a per share amount equal to
    $45.00 in cash, without interest, and each outstanding share of
    our Series B preferred stock will automatically be canceled
    and will be converted into the right to receive a per share
    amount equal to $4,500.00 in cash, without interest. The
    Series B preferred stock merger consideration is equal to
    the common stock merger consideration multiplied by the number
    of shares of common stock into which each share of our
    Series B preferred stock is convertible.

Q: Where and when is the special
meeting?

A:

The special meeting will take place at the
    Stanford Park Hotel, 100 El Camino Real, Menlo Park, California
    94025,
    on                     ,
    2003, at 10:00 a.m., local time.

Q: Is the merger expected to be taxable
to me?

A: 

Generally, yes. The receipt of $45.00 in cash for
    each share of our common stock pursuant to the merger will be a
    taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For
    U.S. federal income tax purposes, generally you will recognize
    gain or loss as a result of the merger measured by the
    difference, if any, between $45.00 per share and your adjusted
    tax basis in that share.

You should read The Merger 
    Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences beginning on
    page 25 for a more complete discussion of the federal
    income tax consequences of the merger. Tax matters can be
    complicated and the tax consequences of the merger to you will
    depend on your particular tax situation. You should also consult
    your tax advisor on the tax consequences of the merger to you.

Q: 

How does the Scios board of directors
    recommend that I vote?

A: 

Our board of directors unanimously recommends
    that our stockholders vote FOR the proposal to adopt
    the merger agreement. You should read The
    Merger  Reasons for the Merger for a discussion
    of the factors that our board of directors considered in
    deciding to recommend the adoption of the merger agreement.

Q: 

What vote of our stockholders is required to
    adopt the merger agreement?

A: 

For us to complete the merger, stockholders
    holding at least a majority of the shares of our common stock
    outstanding at the close of business on the record date must
    vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement.

Q: 

Am I entitled to appraisal rights?

A: 

Yes. Under the General Corporation Law of the
    State of Delaware, holders of our common stock who do not vote
    in favor of adopting the merger agreement and holders of our
    preferred stock will have the right to seek appraisal of the
    fair value of their shares as determined by the Delaware Court
    of Chancery if the merger is completed, but only if they submit
    a written demand for an appraisal prior to the vote on the
    adoption of the merger agreement and they comply with the
    Delaware law procedures explained in this proxy statement.

Q-1



Q: 

How do I cast my vote?

A: 

If you are the holder of record of shares of our
    common stock, you can vote by either of the following methods:



by completing, signing, dating and returning the
    enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope; or

 

by appearing and voting in person by ballot at
    the special meeting.

If you return your proxy and do not indicate how
    you want to vote, we will count your proxy as a vote in favor of
    the adoption of the merger agreement.

Q: 

If my Scios shares are held in street
    name by my broker or bank, will my broker or bank vote my
    shares for me?

A: 

Your broker or bank will vote your Scios shares
    only if you provide instructions on how to vote. You should
    follow the directions provided by your broker or bank regarding
    how to instruct your broker or bank to vote your shares. Without
    instructions, your shares will not be voted, which will have the
    effect of a vote against the adoption of the merger agreement.

Q: 

What happens if I do not submit a proxy or
    vote in person at the special meeting?

A: 

Because the required vote of our stockholders is
    based upon the number of outstanding shares of our common stock,
    rather than upon the shares actually voted, the failure by the
    holder of any such shares to submit a proxy or to vote in person
    at the special meeting, including abstentions and broker
    non-votes, will have the same effect as a vote against the
    adoption of the merger agreement.

Q: 

Can I change my vote after I have returned my
    proxy?

A: 

Yes. You can change your vote at any time before
    your proxy is voted at the special meeting. You can do this in
    one of three ways:

 

you can send a written notice stating that you
    would like to revoke your proxy;

 

you can complete and submit a new proxy bearing a
    later date; or

 

you can attend the special meeting and deliver a
    signed notice of revocation, deliver a later-dated duly executed
    proxy, or vote in person.

If you choose either of the first two methods,
    you must submit your notice of revocation or your new proxy to
    us prior to the special meeting at Scios Inc. c/o Equiserve
    Trust Company N.A., P.O. Box 8694, Edison, NJ 08818-8694.
    Attendance at the special meeting will not, in and of itself,
    result in the revocation of a proxy or cause shares to be voted.

Q: 

Should I send in my stock certificates
    now?

A: 

No. After the merger is completed, you will
    receive a transmittal form with instructions for the surrender
    of certificates formerly representing shares of our common stock
    and preferred stock. Please do not send in your stock
    certificates with your proxy.

Q: 

What should I do if I receive more than one
    set of voting materials?

A: 

You may receive more than one set of voting
    materials, including multiple copies of this proxy statement and
    multiple proxy cards or voting instruction cards. For example,
    if you hold your shares in more than one brokerage account, you
    will receive a separate voting instruction card for each
    brokerage account in which you hold shares. If you are a holder
    of record and your shares are registered in more than one name,
    you will receive more than one proxy card. Please complete,
    sign, date and return each proxy card and voting instruction
    card that you receive.

Q-2



Q: 

When do you expect the merger to be
    completed?

A. 

We are working to complete the merger as quickly
    as possible. We currently expect to complete the merger in the
    second quarter of 2003. However, we cannot predict the exact
    timing of the merger because the merger is subject to regulatory
    approvals and other closing conditions. While we expect to
    obtain all required regulatory approvals, we cannot assure you
    that these regulatory approvals will be obtained and, even if
    they are ultimately obtained, they might not be obtained for a
    substantial period of time following the adoption of the merger
    agreement at the special meeting.

Q: 

Who can help answer my questions?

A: 

If you need assistance in completing your proxy
    card or have questions regarding the special meeting, please
    contact Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. at
    (866) 274-2301 or write to the following address:

Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc.

17 State Street, 10th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Q-3



SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information
from this proxy statement and may not contain all the
information that is important to you. You should carefully read
this entire proxy statement and the other documents to which we
have referred you. See also Where You Can Find Additional
Information on page 48. We have included page
references parenthetically to direct you to a more complete
description of the topics presented in this summary.

The Companies

Scios Inc., 820 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale
CA, 94085, Telephone: (408) 616-8200 (See page 9).

We are a biopharmaceutical company
that discovers, develops and markets novel treatments for
cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases. On August 13,
2001, we launched Natrecor following FDA approval of Natrecor
for the treatment of acutely decompensated congestive heart
failure. In addition to Natrecor, we have two focused product
programs, p38 kinase and TGF-beta. Our first program is
directed to the development of inhibitors of p38 kinase, an
enzyme responsible for increased production of various proteins
that cause inflammation. SCIO-469, our first compound designed
to inhibit this enzyme, is targeted for the treatment of
rheumatoid arthritis and is currently in clinical development.
SCIO-323, our second generation inhibitor of p38 kinase,
commenced clinical development in December 2002. Our second
product program is directed to the development of inhibitors of
TGF-beta, a signaling protein that is implicated in a broad
range of diseases characterized by unregulated scarring and
eventual organ failure. We are currently in preclinical
development for compounds designed to inhibit this protein. In
July 2002, we announced that the lead indication for these
compounds is chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Johnson & Johnson, One Johnson &
Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, NJ 08933, Telephone:
(732) 524-0400 (see page 9).

Johnson & Johnson, with
approximately 108,300 employees, is one of the worlds
largest manufacturers of health care products, as well as a
provider of related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical
and medical devices and diagnostics markets. Johnson &
Johnson has more than 198 operating companies in 54 countries
around the world, selling products in more than 175 countries.

Saturn Merger Sub, Inc., One
Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, NJ 08933,
Telephone: (732) 524-0400 (see page 9).

Saturn Merger Sub, Inc., which we
sometimes refer to in this proxy statement as Merger Sub, is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. Merger Sub was
formed solely for the purpose of facilitating our acquisition by
Johnson & Johnson.

The Merger

Structure of the Merger (see page 29).

This proxy statement relates to the
proposed acquisition of our company by Johnson &
Johnson pursuant to a merger agreement, dated as of
February 10, 2003, among Johnson & Johnson, Merger
Sub and us. We have attached a copy of the merger agreement as
Annex A to this proxy statement. We encourage you to read
the merger agreement in its entirety.

Under the terms of the merger agreement, Merger
Sub will merge with and into Scios, with Scios surviving the
merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Johnson &
Johnson.

Consideration (see page 30).

At the effective time of the merger
each share of our common stock (other than shares owned by us,
Johnson & Johnson or Merger Sub and shares for which
appraisal rights have been validly exercised under Delaware law)
will be converted into the right to receive $45.00 in cash,
without interest. In addition, at the effective time of the
merger, each share of our Series B preferred stock (other
than shares owned by us, Johnson & Johnson or Merger
Sub and shares for which appraisal rights have been validly
exercised under Delaware law) will be converted into the right
to receive $4,500.00 in cash, without interest. Based on the
number of shares of our common stock and preferred stock
outstanding
on                  ,
2003 and assuming the exercise of all options and warrants
exercisable as
of                  ,
2003 and the conversion of all other securities convertible for
our common stock as
of             ,



2003, the aggregate consideration paid by
Johnson & Johnson to our stockholders will be
approximately
$          .

Closing. 
We expect
to close the merger as soon as practicable after the adoption of
the merger agreement by our stockholders and after all other
conditions to the merger have been satisfied or waived.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger (see
page 39)

The obligations of Johnson & Johnson and
Merger Sub, on the one hand, and us, on the other, to complete
the merger depend on the satisfaction or waiver of a number of
conditions, including:

 

receipt of the required votes to adopt the merger
    agreement by our stockholders at the special meeting;

 

expiration or termination of the applicable
    waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
    Improvements Act of 1976;

 

absence of legal restraints that would prevent
    the completion of the merger or that have had or would
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on us;

 

performance in all material respects of the other
    partys obligations under the merger agreement;

 

the representations and warranties of the other
    party set forth in the merger agreement that are qualified as to
    materiality being true and correct, and all other
    representations and warranties being true and correct in all
    material respects, in each case as of the date of the merger
    agreement and as of the closing date of the merger as though
    made on the closing date, except to the extent that the
    representations and warranties relate to an earlier date, in
    which case as of that earlier date; and

 

in the case of the obligations of
    Johnson & Johnson and Merger Sub to complete the merger:

 

absence of any pending or threatened suit, action
    or other proceeding by any governmental entity:

 

challenging the acquisition of or seeking to
    limit the ownership of any shares of our capital stock by
    Johnson & Johnson or Merger Sub, seeking to restrain or
    prohibit the merger, or seeking to obtain material damages from
    us, Johnson & Johnson or Merger Sub;

 

seeking to prohibit or materially limit the
    ownership or operation by us, Johnson & Johnson or our
    respective subsidiaries, of our or their businesses or assets,
    or to compel any of us to divest or hold separate any portion of
    our respective businesses or assets;

 

seeking to prohibit Johnson & Johnson or
    any of its subsidiaries from effectively controlling our
    business or operations; or

 

otherwise having or being reasonably expected to
    have a material adverse effect on us; and

 

absence of legal restraints that would reasonably
    be expected to result in any of the effects described in the
    immediately preceding four bullet points.

The merger is not conditioned upon
Johnson & Johnson or Merger Sub obtaining financing.
The total amount of funds necessary to pay the merger
consideration will be approximately
$          .
Johnson & Johnson expects to fund the cash requirements
for the transaction primarily from cash on hand and short term
indebtedness.

No Solicitation of Other Acquisition Proposals
by Scios (see page 40)

The merger agreement contains restrictions on our
ability to solicit or engage in discussions or negotiations with
a third party with respect to a proposal to acquire a
significant interest in our company. Notwithstanding these
restrictions, the merger agreement provides that under specified
circumstances, if prior to the adoption of the merger agreement
by our stockholders we receive an acquisition proposal from a
third party that our board of directors determines in good
faith, after consultation with legal and financial



advisors, is a superior proposal, or is
reasonably likely to lead to one, we may, if our board of
directors determines in good faith (after consultation with
counsel) that the failure to do so would result in a breach of
its fiduciary duties to our stockholders, furnish nonpublic
information to that third party and engage in negotiations
regarding an acquisition proposal with that third party.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (see
page 42)

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the effective time of the merger, regardless of
whether our stockholders have adopted the merger agreement:

 

by mutual written consent of Johnson &
    Johnson, Merger Sub and us;

 

by either Johnson & Johnson or us:

 

if the merger has not been completed on or before
    August 1, 2003, unless the terminating partys conduct
    has resulted in, or is a principal cause of, the merger not
    being completed by that date;

 

if any final, nonappealable legal restraint that
    would prevent the completion of the merger, or that has had or
    would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
    on us, is in effect;

 

if our stockholders do not adopt the merger
    agreement at the special meeting, or at any adjournment or
    postponement thereof;

 

by Johnson & Johnson:

 

if we have breached or failed to perform any of
    our representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set
    forth in the merger agreement, and this breach or failure to
    perform would give rise to a failure of the related closing
    conditions described in The Merger Agreement 
    Conditions to the Completion of the Merger and is
    incapable of being cured within 30 calendar days;

 

if there is in effect any final, nonappealable
    legal restraint:

 

challenging the acquisition of or seeking to
    limit the ownership of any shares of our capital stock by
    Johnson & Johnson or Merger Sub, seeking to restrain or
    prohibit the merger, or seeking to obtain material damages from
    us, Johnson & Johnson or Merger Sub;

 

seeking to prohibit or materially limit the
    ownership or operation by us, Johnson & Johnson or our
    respective subsidiaries, of our or their businesses or assets,
    or to compel any of us to divest or hold separate any portion of
    our respective businesses or assets;

 

seeking to prohibit Johnson & Johnson or
    any of its subsidiaries from effectively controlling our
    business or operations; or

 

otherwise having or being reasonably expected to
    have a material adverse effect on us; or

 

if, in the event that prior to the obtaining of
    stockholder approval, our board of directors:

 

withdraws (or modifies in a manner adverse to
    Johnson & Johnson) its approval, recommendation or
    declaration of the advisability of the merger agreement or
    publicly proposes to do so;

 

recommends, adopts or approves another takeover
    proposal or publicly proposes to do so; or

 

fails publicly to reaffirm its recommendation of
    the merger agreement within ten business days of receipt of a
    written request by Johnson & Johnson to provide such
    reaffirmation following a takeover proposal; or

 

by us:

 

if Johnson & Johnson has breached or
    failed to perform any of its representations, warranties,
    covenants or agreements set forth in the merger agreement, and
    this breach or failure to perform



would give rise to a failure of the related
    closing conditions described in The Merger
    Agreement  Conditions to the Completion of the
    Merger and is incapable of being cured within
    30 calendar days; or

 

if prior to obtaining stockholder approval and
    after satisfaction of notice requirements, in response to a
    superior proposal that was made and not solicited by us after
    the date of the merger agreement and did not result from our
    breach of our non-solicitation obligations under the merger
    agreement, our board of directors determines in good faith,
    after consultation with outside counsel, that the failure to
    terminate the merger agreement would result in a breach of the
    boards fiduciary duties to our stockholders.

Termination Fee (see
page 43).
 The merger agreement
provides that, in specified circumstances, we may be required to
pay Johnson & Johnson a termination fee of $70,000,000.

The Special Meeting

Date, Time and Place (see page 10).

The special meeting of our
stockholders will be held at the Stanford Park Hotel,
100 El Camino Real, Menlo Park, California 94025, at
10:00 a.m., local time,
on                     ,
2003. At the special meeting, our stockholders will be asked to
vote to adopt the merger agreement.

Record Date, Voting Power (see page 10).

Our stockholders are entitled to vote
at the special meeting if they owned shares of our common stock
as of the close of business
on                     ,
2003, the record date. On the record date, there
were            shares
of our common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.
Stockholders will have one vote at the special meeting for each
share of our common stock that they owned on the record date.
Holders of our Series B preferred stock will not be
entitled to vote on the adoption of the merger agreement.

Voting (see page 10).

Holders of record of shares of our
common stock can vote by either of the following methods:

 

by completing, signing, dating and returning the
    enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope; or

 

by appearing and voting in person by ballot at
    the special meeting.

Brokers or banks holding shares in street
name may vote the shares only if the underlying
stockholders provide instructions on how to vote. Brokers or
banks will provide stockholders with directions on how to
instruct the broker or bank to vote the shares. All properly
completed proxies that we receive prior to the vote at the
special meeting, and that are not revoked, will be voted in
accordance with the instructions indicated on the proxies. If no
direction is indicated on a properly completed proxy returned to
us, the underlying shares will be voted FOR the
adoption of the merger agreement.

As of the date of this proxy statement, we know
of no matters that will be presented for consideration at the
special meeting other than as described in this proxy statement.
If, however, other matters are brought before the special
meeting, the persons named as proxies will vote in accordance
with their judgment on such other matters unless
(1) otherwise indicated on the proxy or (2) the other
matter relates to the adjournment of the special meeting and the
shares represented by the proxy are to be voted against the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Revocability of Proxies (see page 11).

A stockholder may change his or her
vote at any time before his or her proxy is voted at the special
meeting. A stockholder can do this in one of three ways:

 

by sending a written notice stating that he or
    she would like to revoke the proxy;

 

by completing and submitting a new proxy bearing
    a later date; or

 

by attending the special meeting and delivering a
    signed notice of revocation, delivering a later-dated duly
    executed proxy, or voting in person.



If a stockholder chooses either of the first two
methods, the stockholder must submit his or her notice of
revocation or new proxy to us prior to the special meeting at
Scios Inc. c/o Equiserve Trust Company N.A., P.O. Box 8694,
Edison, NJ 08818-8694. Attendance at the special meeting will
not, in and of itself, result in the revocation of a proxy or
cause shares to be voted.

Vote Required (see page 10).

The adoption of the merger agreement
requires the affirmative vote of stockholders holding a majority
of the shares of our common stock outstanding at the close of
business on the record date.

Shares Owned by Our Directors and Executive
Officers (see page 10)
. On the
record date, our directors and executive officers beneficially
owned and were entitled to
vote                      shares
of our common stock, excluding shares issuable upon conversion
of options, which represented
approximately           %
of the shares of our common stock outstanding on that date.

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors (see
page 18)

Our board of directors has unanimously determined
that the merger agreement is fair, advisable to, and in the best
interests of, our stockholders. 
The board of directors
unanimously recommends that our stockholders vote
FOR the adoption of the merger agreement.

Opinion of Our Investment Banker (see
page 19)

J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. acted as our
investment banker in connection with the proposed merger. We
requested that J.P. Morgan, in its role as investment banker,
evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
consideration to be received by the holders of our common stock
pursuant to the merger agreement. On February 10, 2003,
J.P. Morgan delivered its oral opinion, which it subsequently
confirmed in writing, to our board of directors that, as of
February 10, 2003, based upon and subject to the
considerations set forth in its opinion, the consideration to be
received by holders of our common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to such
holders.

The full text of J.P. Morgans fairness
opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, factors
considered and limitations upon the review undertaken by J.P.
Morgan in rendering its opinion, is included in this proxy
statement as Annex B. We urge you to read this opinion carefully
and in its entirety. J.P. Morgans opinion was addressed to
our board of directors, relates only to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by
the holders of shares of our common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement and does not address any other aspect of the merger
and does not constitute a recommendation to any holder of our
common stock as to how to vote on the merger agreement or any
other matter relating to the merger.

Interests of Our Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger (see page 22)

In considering the recommendation of our board of
directors to vote for the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement, you should be aware that all of our directors and
executive officers have personal interests in the merger that
are, or may be, different from, or in addition to, your
interests. Our executive officers are entitled to benefits under
change of control agreements pursuant to which they will receive
severance benefits if their employment is terminated following
the completion of the merger under specified circumstances. The
substantial majority of these executive officers have entered
into agreements with us amending their change of control
agreements to modify the circumstances in which they can receive
severance benefits and providing such executive officers (other
than our chief executive officer) with cash payments if they
remain employed with us for specified periods. In addition, upon
completion of the merger, outstanding stock options held by our
executive officers (along with all other issued and outstanding
stock options) will be converted into options to acquire
Johnson & Johnson common stock, unvested options held
by our chief executive officer will become fully vested pursuant
to the terms of his employment agreement, and unvested options
held by our non-employee directors will become vested pursuant
to the terms of our stock option plans. Our board of directors
was aware of these interests and considered them, among other
matters, when approving the merger agreement.



Treatment of Our Stock Options and Employee
Stock Purchase Plan (see page 31)

Pursuant to the merger agreement, we will take
all actions necessary to adjust the terms of all outstanding
options to acquire shares of our common stock, whether vested or
unvested, to provide that, upon completion of the merger, each
option outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the
merger will be amended and converted so that it becomes an
option to acquire a number of shares of Johnson &
Johnson common stock, rounded down to the nearest whole share,
determined by multiplying the number of shares of our common
stock subject to the original option by a fraction, the
numerator of which is $45.00, and the denominator of which is
the average closing price for Johnson & Johnson common
stock for the five consecutive trading days ending on the second
trading day immediately preceding the completion of the merger.
The exercise price of the converted option will be equal to the
aggregate exercise price for the shares of our common stock
subject to the original option divided by the aggregate number
of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock issuable
pursuant to the adjusted option, rounded up to the nearest whole
cent. Except as described in The Merger 
Interests of our Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger, the options will otherwise remain subject to the
same terms and conditions that were applicable prior to the
merger (and all restrictions on transfer and vesting, to the
extent such restrictions have not already lapsed, will remain in
full force and effect with respect to the adjusted options after
giving effect to the completion of the merger).

In addition, we will take actions under our
employee stock purchase plan to provide that:

 

participants may not increase their payroll
    deductions or purchase elections from those in effect on
    February 10, 2003;

 

no offering period will be commenced after
    February 10, 2003; and

 

each participants outstanding right to
    purchase shares of our common stock under the plan will
    terminate on the day immediately prior to the date on which the
    merger becomes effective, with all amounts allocated for each
    participants account under the employee stock purchase
    plan as of the termination date being used to purchase shares of
    our common stock at the applicable discount to the market price
    of our common stock determined pursuant to the plan, using the
    termination date as the final purchase date for each then
    outstanding offering period.

The employee stock purchase plan will terminate
immediately following these purchases of common stock.

Convertible Notes (see page 38)

We, Johnson & Johnson and Merger Sub
have each agreed to take the actions required to be taken to
complete the merger pursuant to the indenture governing our
5.50% convertible subordinated notes due 2009. The indenture
requires that we execute a supplemental indenture to adjust the
conversion provisions of the indenture and the convertible notes
as a result of the merger. These adjustments will provide that
from and after the effective time of the merger, any outstanding
convertible notes will be convertible into the amount of cash
receivable upon the completion of the merger by a holder of the
number of shares of our common stock into which the convertible
note would have been converted immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences (see page 25)

The receipt of $45.00 in cash in exchange for
each share of our common stock pursuant to the merger will be a
taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, generally you will
recognize gain or loss as a result of the merger measured by the
difference, if any, between $45.00 per share of common stock and
your adjusted tax basis in that share.



You should read The Merger 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
beginning on page 25 for a more complete discussion of the
federal income tax consequences of the merger. Tax matters can
be complicated, and the tax consequences of the merger to you
will depend on your particular tax situation. We urge you to
consult your tax advisor on the tax consequences of the merger
to you.

Appraisal Rights (see page 27)

Holders of our common stock or Series B
preferred stock who do not wish to accept the cash consideration
payable pursuant to the merger may seek, under Section 262
of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
judicial appraisal of the fair value of their shares by the
Delaware Court of Chancery. This value could be more or less
than or the same as the merger consideration for the common
stock or Series B preferred stock. This right to appraisal
is subject to a number of restrictions and technical
requirements. Generally, in order to properly demand appraisal,
among other things:

 

in the case of our common stock, you must not
    vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement;

 

you must make a written demand on us for
    appraisal in compliance with the General Corporation Law of the
    State of Delaware before the vote on the proposal to adopt the
    merger agreement at the special meeting; and

 

you must hold your shares of record continuously
    from the time of making a written demand for appraisal through
    the effective time of the merger.

Merely voting against the merger agreement will
not preserve your right to appraisal under Delaware law. Also,
because a submitted proxy not marked against or
abstain will be voted for the proposal
to adopt the merger agreement, the submission of a proxy not
marked against or abstain will result in
the waiver of appraisal rights. If you hold shares in the name
of a broker or other nominee, you must instruct your nominee to
take the steps necessary to enable you to demand appraisal for
your shares. If you or your nominee fails to follow all of the
steps required by Section 262 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, you will lose your right of
appraisal.

Annex C to this proxy statement contains the
full text Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, which relates to your right of appraisal. We
encourage you to read these provisions carefully and in their
entirety.

Regulatory Approvals (see
page 26)

The merger is subject to discretionary review by
the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice
and the Federal Trade Commission to determine whether it is in
compliance with applicable antitrust laws. The Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 prohibits us from completing
the merger until we have furnished certain information and
materials to the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice
and the Federal Trade Commission, and the required waiting
period has ended. Both Johnson & Johnson and we intend to
file the required notification and report forms as soon as
practicable. The completion of the merger also is subject to
compliance with the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware.

We also may be required to obtain additional
regulatory approvals from various state and foreign authorities.
While we expect to obtain all required regulatory approvals, we
cannot assure you that these regulatory approvals will be
obtained or that the granting of these regulatory approvals will
not involve the imposition of conditions on the completion of
the merger or require changes to the terms of the merger that
would have a materially adverse effect on the combined company.
These conditions or changes could require the grant of a
complete or partial license, a divestiture or spin-off, or the
holding separate of assets or businesses and could result in the
conditions to Johnson & Johnsons obligation to
complete the merger not being satisfied.



The Paying Agent

J.P. Morgan Chase or another comparable
institution will act as the paying agent in connection with the
merger.

A COPY OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS INCLUDED IN
THIS PROXY STATEMENT AS ANNEX A. YOU ARE STRONGLY
ENCOURAGED TO READ IT CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY.



THE COMPANIES

Scios Inc.

We are a biopharmaceutical company that
discovers, develops and markets novel treatments for
cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases. On August 13,
2001, we launched Natrecor following FDA approval of Natrecor
for the treatment of acutely decompensated congestive heart
failure. In addition to Natrecor, we have two focused product
programs, p38 kinase and TGF-beta. Our first program is directed
to the development of inhibitors of p38 kinase, an enzyme
responsible for increased production of various proteins that
cause inflammation. SCIO-469, our first compound designed to
inhibit this enzyme, is targeted for the treatment of rheumatoid
arthritis and is currently in clinical development. SCIO-323,
our second generation inhibitor of p38 kinase, commenced
clinical development in December 2002. Our second product
program is directed to the development of inhibitors of
TGF-beta, a signaling protein that is implicated in a broad
range of diseases characterized by unregulated scarring and
eventual organ failure. We are currently in preclinical
development for compounds designed to inhibit this protein. In
July 2002, we announced that the lead indication for these
compounds is chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

We were incorporated in California in 1981 under
the name California Biotechnology Inc. and reincorporated in
Delaware in 1988. We changed our name to Scios Inc. in February
1992, and to Scios Nova Inc. in September 1992 following our
acquisition of Nova Pharmaceuticals, Inc. We returned to using
the name Scios Inc. in March 1996. Our principal executive
offices are located at 820 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale,
California 94085. Our telephone number is (408) 616-8200.

Johnson & Johnson

Johnson & Johnson, with approximately
108,300 employees, is one of the worlds largest
manufacturers of health care products, as well as a provider of
related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical and medical
devices and diagnostics markets. Johnson & Johnson has
more than 198 operating companies in 54 countries around
the world, selling products in more than 175 countries.

Johnson & Johnsons worldwide
business is divided into three segments: consumer,
pharmaceutical and medical devices and diagnostics. The consumer
segments principal products are personal care and hygienic
products, including nonprescription drugs, adult skin and hair
care products, baby care products, oral care products, first aid
products and sanitary protection products. These products are
marketed principally to the general public and distributed both
to wholesalers and directly to independent and chain retail
outlets.

The pharmaceutical segments principal
worldwide franchises are in the antifungal, anti-infective,
cardiovascular, dermatology, gastrointestinal, hematology,
immunology, neurology, oncology, pain management, psychotropic,
urology and womens health fields. These products are
distributed both directly and through wholesalers for use by
health care professionals and the general public.

The medical devices and diagnostics segment
includes a broad range of products used by or under the
direction of health care professionals, including, suture and
mechanical wound closure products, surgical equipment and
devices, wound management and infection prevention products,
interventional and diagnostic cardiology products, diagnostic
equipment and supplies, joint replacements and disposable
contact lenses. These products are used principally in the
professional fields by physicians, nurses, therapists,
hospitals, diagnostic laboratories and clinics. Distribution to
these markets is done both directly and through surgical supply
and other dealers.

Johnson & Johnson was organized in the
State of New Jersey in 1887. The address of its principal
executive offices is One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New
Brunswick, New Jersey 08933, and the telephone number at that
address is (732) 524-0400.

Saturn Merger Sub, Inc.

Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Johnson & Johnson. Merger Sub is a Delaware corporation
that was formed in 2003 solely for the purpose of facilitating
our acquisition by Johnson & Johnson. The address of
its principal executive offices is One Johnson &
Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933, and the
telephone number at that address is (732) 524-0400.



THE SPECIAL MEETING

We are furnishing this proxy statement to our
stockholders, as of the record date, as part of the solicitation
of proxies by our board of directors for use at the special
meeting.

Date, Time and Place

The special meeting of our stockholders will be
held at the Stanford Park Hotel, 100 El Camino Real, Menlo
Park, California 94025, at 10:00 a.m., local time,
on                               ,
2003.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

At the special meeting, we will ask our
stockholders to vote to adopt the merger agreement. Our board of
directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and
determined that it is fair, advisable to, and in the best
interests of, our stockholders, and unanimously recommends that
our stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the merger
agreement.

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote;
Quorum

Only holders of record of our common stock at the
close of business
on                ,
2003, the record date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at
the special meeting. On the record
date,                      shares
of our common stock were issued and outstanding and held by
approximately                      holders
of record. A quorum is present at the special meeting if a
majority of all the shares of our common stock issued and
outstanding on the record date are represented at the special
meeting in person or by a duly authorized and properly completed
proxy. Holders of record of our common stock on the record date
are entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to a
vote at the special meeting. Holders of our Series B
preferred stock will not be entitled to vote on the adoption of
the merger agreement.

Vote Required

The adoption of the merger agreement requires the
affirmative vote of stockholders holding a majority of the
shares of our common stock outstanding on the record date.
Because the required vote of our stockholders is based upon the
number of outstanding shares of our common stock, rather than
upon the shares actually voted, the failure by the holder of any
such shares to submit a proxy or to vote in person at the
special meeting, including abstentions and broker non-votes,
will have the same effect as a vote against the adoption of the
merger agreement.

Shares Owned by Our Directors and Executive
Officers

At the close of business on the record date, our
directors and executive officers beneficially owned and were
entitled to
vote                      shares
of our common stock, excluding shares issuable upon conversion
of options, which represented
approximately           %
of the shares of our common stock outstanding on that date.

Voting of Proxies

Holders of record of shares of our common stock
can vote by either of the following methods:

 

by completing, signing, dating and returning the
    enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope; or

 

by appearing and voting in person by ballot at
    the special meeting.

Brokers or banks who hold shares of our common
stock in street name for customers who are the
beneficial owners of such shares may not give a proxy to vote
those customers shares in the absence of specific
instructions from those customers. The brokers and banks will
provide their customers with directions on how to instruct the
broker or bank to vote their shares. In addition, a large number
of brokers and banks participate in the ADP Investor
Communication Services online program. This program



provides eligible stockholders who receive a
paper copy of this proxy statement the opportunity to vote via
the Internet or by telephone. If your broker or bank
participates in ADPs program, your broker or bank will
provide instructions.

If no instructions are given to the broker or
bank holding shares, or if instructions are given to the broker
or bank indicating that the broker or bank does not have
authority to vote on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement,
then, in either case, the shares will be counted as present for
purposes of determining whether a quorum exists, will not be
voted on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and will
effectively count as votes against the adoption of the merger
agreement.

All shares represented by properly completed
proxies received prior to the special meeting will be voted at
the special meeting in the manner specified in the proxies.
Properly completed proxies that do not contain voting
instructions will be voted FOR the adoption of the
merger agreement. Shares of our common stock represented at the
special meeting but not voting, including shares of our common
stock for which proxies have been received but with respect to
which holders of shares have abstained, will be treated as
present at the special meeting for purposes of determining
whether a quorum exists, will not be voted on the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement and will effectively count as votes
against the adoption of the merger agreement.

We do not expect that any matter other than the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement will be brought before
the special meeting. If, however, other matters are brought
before the special meeting, the persons named as proxies will
vote in accordance with their judgment on such other matters
unless (1) otherwise indicated on the proxy or (2) the
other matter relates to the adjournment of the special meeting
and the shares represented by the proxy are to be voted against
the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Revocability of Proxies

You can change your vote or revoke your proxy at
any time before the proxy is voted at the special meeting. You
may accomplish this in one of three ways:

 

you can send a written notice stating that you
    would like to revoke your proxy;

 

you can complete and submit a new proxy bearing a
    later date; or

 

you can attend the special meeting and deliver a
    signed notice of revocation, deliver a later-dated duly executed
    proxy, or vote in person.

If you choose either of the first two methods,
you must submit your notice of revocation or a new proxy to us
prior to the special meeting at Scios Inc. c/o Equiserve Trust
Company N.A., P.O. Box 8694, Edison, NJ 08818-8694.
Attendance at the special meeting will not in and of itself
result in the revocation of your proxy or cause your shares to
be voted. If you instructed your broker to vote your shares, you
must follow directions from your broker to change these
instructions.

Solicitation of Proxies

We and Johnson & Johnson have agreed to
share equally the costs of the solicitation of proxies from our
stockholders. In addition to solicitation by mail, our
directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies from
stockholders by telephone or other electronic means or in
person. We will cause brokerage houses and other custodians,
nominees and fiduciaries to forward solicitation materials to
the beneficial owners of stock held of record by such persons.
We will reimburse such custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in doing so. Georgeson
Shareholder Communications, Inc. will assist in our solicitation
of proxies. We and Johnson & Johnson will pay Georgeson
a fee of $15,000.00, plus reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket
expenses, and will indemnify Georgeson against any losses
arising out of its proxy solicitation services on our behalf.



Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy
card or have questions regarding the special meeting, please
contact Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. at
(866) 274-2301 or write to the following address:

 Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc.

17 State Street, 10th Floor

New York, New York 10004

STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND STOCK
CERTIFICATES WITH THEIR PROXIES. 
A
transmittal form with instructions for the surrender of
certificates formerly representing shares of our common stock
and preferred stock will be mailed to stockholders shortly after
the effective time of the merger.



THE MERGER

While we believe that the following
description covers the material terms of the merger and the
related transactions, this summary may not contain all of the
information that is important to you. You should carefully read
this entire document, including the annexes, and the other
documents we refer to for a more complete understanding of the
merger and the related transactions.

Background of the Merger

Since May 2001, a few of our scientists and
members of management have held occasional informational
meetings with their counterparts at Johnson & Johnson
regarding our p38 kinase inhibitor program, including SCIO-469,
our oral p38 kinase inhibitor for the treatment of inflammatory
diseases that is currently in a Phase IIa clinical trial. The
discussions laid the ground work for collaboration discussions
that might occur in the event that our board of directors
authorized a search for a collaboration partner to help us
complete the regulatory approval process for this product and
our other p38 product candidates, bring the products to market
and market the products commercially. Our board authorized the
search for a collaboration partner in May 2002, and we held our
initial collaboration discussions with another large
pharmaceutical company in early August 2002. Our first
collaboration discussions with Johnson & Johnson took place
on September 4, 2002. We also held collaboration
discussions with a number of other companies in the
pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, and entered into
written confidentiality agreements with each company with which
we held discussions.

On September 24, 2002, an executive officer
of the pharmaceutical company with which we held collaboration
discussions in early August contacted Richard Brewer, our
President and Chief Executive Officer, and inquired whether
Scios would consider a proposal to be acquired. Mr. Brewer
stated that he would relay the inquiry to our board of
directors. Mr. Brewer then contacted Donald Rice, Ph.D.,
the Chairman of our board of directors, and members of our
management team to discuss the inquiry. Mr. Brewer also
discussed the inquiry with representatives of J.P. Morgan, an
investment banking firm that was one of our underwriters in an
equity offering in 2001, a convertible notes offering in 2002,
and which became our financial advisor for the merger. Members
of our management scheduled a meeting for October 14, 2002
with an executive officer of the pharmaceutical company in New
York at the offices of J.P. Morgan. At that meeting, the
executive officer informed Mr. Brewer that his company was
considering making an offer to acquire Scios, and that the price
would be somewhere in the range of $2 billion to
$3 billion.

At a special meeting of the board of directors on
October 17, 2002, our management and the board of directors
discussed the inquiry of the pharmaceutical company in detail.
Our board of directors also authorized management formally to
engage J.P. Morgan as our financial advisor in connection with
any expressions of interest to acquire Scios.

During October and November, 2002, management
continued discussions with potential collaboration partners for
our p38 program, including Johnson & Johnson, as well as
discussions with the other pharmaceutical company. During a
conversation with an executive officer of the other
pharmaceutical company on November 12, 2002, the executive
officer informed Mr. Brewer that the cash price per share
of Scios common stock that his company was considering proposing
would be in the range of $38.00 to $40.00 per share.

At meetings of the board of directors on November
4 and November 19, 2002, management updated the board of
directors on its collaboration discussions with third parties
and its discussions with the other pharmaceutical company. At
the November 4 meeting, representatives of J.P. Morgan discussed
the strategic transactions and other strategic alternatives
available to Scios, which included the following:

 

a collaboration arrangement for our p38 program;

 

a business combination or acquisition with a
    third party; and



 

developing our p38 product candidates on our own,
    which would require us to raise the necessary funds to complete
    development for SCIO-469 and continue our p38 program during the
    next 12 to 24 months.

Management and J.P. Morgan continued to hold
discussions with third parties with respect to potential
strategic transactions in December 2002, including a meeting
with management and the financial advisors of the other
pharmaceutical company in New York on December 6, 2002.
Management and J.P. Morgan updated the board of directors
on the status of these discussions at a special meeting of the
board of directors on December 11, 2002. At this meeting,
the board of directors determined that our stockholders
interests would best be served by considering the feasibility of
an acquisition of Scios by another party, including those with
which management was discussing a potential collaboration
agreement. The board of directors determined to continue
considering multiple alternatives and not to focus solely on a
sale of Scios to a third party.

On December 12, 2002, Mr. Brewer
received a written non-binding expression of interest from the
other pharmaceutical company regarding the possibility of the
other pharmaceutical company acquiring Scios for cash
consideration of $42.00 to $44.00 per share.

Following the December 11, 2002 board
meeting, at the direction of the board of directors and
management, J.P. Morgan contacted three companies,
including Johnson & Johnson, to explore whether any of
them might be interested in an acquisition transaction.
Management selected the three companies, with the assistance of
J.P. Morgan, following a review of participants in the
pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Management based
its decision on an assessment of each potential acquirors
possible strategic rationale for a potential acquisition
transaction, competitive considerations involving discussions
with, and due diligence by, each such company, and the
anticipated willingness and ability of each of them to pursue
and complete such a transaction.

Of the three additional companies contacted,
Johnson & Johnson was the only company that expressed any
interest in pursuing an acquisition transaction at that time.
Johnson & Johnson informed management that it also wanted to
continue discussions regarding a potential collaboration
respecting our p38 program. On December 15, 2002, members
of our management gave a presentation to Johnson & Johnson
in New Jersey. On December 19 and 20, 2002,
Johnson & Johnson conducted due diligence in Menlo
Park, California. The other pharmaceutical company conducted due
diligence at the same time at a separate location. At a special
meeting on December 23, 2002, management and our legal and
financial advisors updated the board of directors on their
discussions with third parties regarding a potential strategic
transaction, and representatives of J.P. Morgan discussed
strategic and valuation considerations.

On January 10, 2003, representatives of
Johnson & Johnson discussed with representatives of
J.P. Morgan the potential parameters for an acquisition of
Scios and the contemplated process for completing due diligence.
On January 13, 2003, Johnson & Johnson delivered to
Mr. Brewer a written non-binding expression of interest for
the acquisition of Scios at a cash price of $44.00 per share of
Scios common stock, subject to completion of comprehensive due
diligence, execution of a definitive agreement and the approval
of Johnson & Johnsons board of directors. At a
meeting later that day, management and our legal and financial
advisors discussed this letter with our board of directors, and
updated the board of directors on their discussions with third
parties regarding potential strategic transactions.
Representatives of J.P. Morgan discussed the same strategic and
valuation considerations at this meeting as they had discussed
on December 23, 2002. The board of directors instructed
management to continue to consider all strategic transactions,
including collaboration on our p38 program and a sale of Scios.

Johnson & Johnson and the other
pharmaceutical company conducted further due diligence on Scios
during the month of January.

On January 29, 2003, the other
pharmaceutical company delivered to Mr. Brewer a new
written, non-binding expression of interest to acquire Scios for
$42.00 per share in cash, conditioned on satisfactory completion
of due diligence and negotiation of an acceptable definitive
merger agreement. On the same day, management of one of the two
potential collaboration partners, other than Johnson &
Johnson,



informed management that it did not wish to
proceed with further discussions until we completed a
Phase IIb clinical trial for SCIO-469. We initiated
discussions with another large public company regarding a
potential collaboration arrangement on January 31, 2003.

On January 31, 2003, Johnson &
Johnson delivered to Mr. Brewer an updated written
non-binding expression reconfirming its interest in acquiring
Scios for $44.00 per share in cash, conditioned on satisfactory
finalization of due diligence, negotiation of an acceptable
definitive merger agreement, approval of Johnson &
Johnsons board of directors and a requirement that
negotiations proceed on an exclusive basis. On the afternoon of
February 3, 2003, the other pharmaceutical company
delivered to Mr. Brewer a revised written non-binding
expression of interest to acquire Scios for a price of $43.00 to
$44.00 per share in cash, subject to the same conditions as its
last letter. This expression of interest expired by its terms at
5:00 p.m. EST on February 7, 2003, unless we committed
to move forward on an exclusive basis prior to that time.

At a regularly scheduled meeting on the afternoon
of February 3, 2003, our board of directors reviewed with
management and our legal and financial advisors the status of
our discussions regarding potential strategic transactions.
Representatives of J.P. Morgan presented a description of
the various expressions of interest for both the acquisition of
Scios and the collaborations as well as a valuation overview of
Scios in connection with the acquisition and collaboration
expressions of interest. After extensive discussion and based on
this overview, including the difference between the prices per
share contained in the most recent expressions of interest for
an acquisition and J.P. Morgans valuation of the
intrinsic values of Scios under the expressions of interest for
collaboration, the board of directors determined that it was in
the best interests of our stockholders to suspend all
discussions relating to collaboration arrangements, and
authorized management to engage in exclusive negotiations with
Johnson & Johnson until 6:00 p.m. PST on
February 6, 2003 regarding a potential acquisition
transaction. The board of directors considered authorizing
management to undertake contemporaneous negotiations with both
Johnson & Johnson and the other pharmaceutical company, but
decided not to do so because of concern that neither party would
proceed on that basis. The board of directors noted that it
could assess the status of discussions with Johnson &
Johnson on February 6 and still have time to respond to the
other pharmaceutical company prior to the February 7, 2003
deadline.

Following the February 3 board meeting,
management and our legal advisors engaged in extensive
negotiations on the terms of a definitive merger agreement with
the management and legal advisors of Johnson & Johnson,
but did not reach agreement prior to the expiration of
Johnson & Johnsons exclusivity period on
February 6, 2003.

In light of the expiration of Johnson &
Johnsons exclusivity period, on the evening of
February 6, 2003, our management informed management of the
other pharmaceutical company that it was willing to enter into
negotiations with respect to a definitive agreement. Management
of the other potential acquiror initially refused to enter into
discussions unless these discussions would be on an exclusive
basis and a fee of $10 million would be paid if discussions
were terminated prior to a definitive agreement being reached.
Our representatives stated that we would be unwilling to proceed
on an exclusive basis or agree to pay a termination fee. After
further discussions, the other pharmaceutical company agreed not
to request either exclusivity or any termination fee. It was
agreed that management and our legal and financial advisors
would meet with the other potential acquiror and its legal and
financial advisors at a mutually convenient location to begin
negotiations on the morning of Sunday, February 9, 2003.

On February 7, 2003, before commencement of
market trading, we issued a press release stating that we were
engaged in discussions with a number of life sciences companies
concerning potential strategic transactions. The press release
was in response to our receipt of a Wall Street Journal article
to be published the same day discussing our ongoing discussions
with Johnson & Johnson. Later in the day, Mr. Brewer
received a telephone call, followed by a letter, from the chief
executive officer of the large public company with which
management had initiated collaboration discussions on
January 31, 2003, stating that this company was interested
in discussing the possibility of an acquisition of Scios. On
February 9, 2002, Mr. Brewer sent a reply letter
asking for clarification about the other companys
interest. Based on the response that Mr. Brewer received
later that day, and given that this company had pursued a



collaboration with, or acquisition of, Scios in
the past but had terminated discussions, that this company was a
competitor of Scios, and that this company required time for due
diligence that had already been accomplished by Johnson &
Johnson and the other pharmaceutical company, raising the
possibility of loss of the continued interest of these two
companies while this large public company performed due
diligence, our board of directors determined at a
February 9, 2003 meeting that it was not in the best
interest of our stockholders to pursue an acquisition
transaction with this large public company at that time.

On February 7 and 8, 2003, representatives
of Johnson & Johnson and Scios continued to negotiate
the terms of a definitive merger agreement, and on
February 8, 2003, the parties were able to resolve issues
that had previously prevented any finalization of an agreement.
On the evening of February 8, 2003, William C. Weldon,
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
of Johnson & Johnson, called Dr. Rice to express
his pleasure at the progress made by the parties and to convey
that he was looking forward to the parties concluding
negotiation of a final agreement. Later that evening, in light
of the progress made with Johnson & Johnson that day,
and following consultation with management, Dr. Rice
determined that it would not be appropriate to send management
and legal and financial advisors to meet with the
representatives of the other pharmaceutical company on
February 9. Our legal and financial advisors informed the
legal and financial advisors of the other pharmaceutical company
of this decision late that evening.

On the morning of February 9, 2003, the
other pharmaceutical companys financial advisors informed
our financial advisors that their client would be willing to
increase the cash consideration in an acquisition transaction to
$44.50 per share. Discussions amongst the legal advisors of
Scios and the other pharmaceutical company on a definitive
agreement continued throughout the day. Dr. Rice promptly
informed Mr. Weldon that another company had indicated a
willingness to offer a higher price per share than Johnson &
Johnson was considering offering. Mr. Weldon stated that he
would call back at 5:30 p.m. PST with a response. Upon
calling back at the agreed time, Mr. Weldon stated that
Johnson & Johnsons offer would be $45.00 per share in
cash if we accepted the offer in time to announce the
transaction before the start of business the following day, and
that the offer had been approved by Johnson &
Johnsons board of directors.

Our board of directors met at 6:00 p.m. PST
on February 9, 2003 to discuss with management and our
legal and financial advisors the status of negotiations with the
two potential acquirors. The board of directors determined that
management should continue negotiations with both parties
throughout the evening. Our legal and financial advisors
contacted the other pharmaceutical companys legal and
financial advisors and informed them that another company had
offered a higher price per share than their client was
considering offering. Representatives of the other
pharmaceutical company replied that a best and final offer would
be delivered by 12:30 a.m. PST on February 10, 2003,
and stated that they wanted negotiations regarding the merger
agreement to be as complete as possible prior to delivering the
final offer. Our legal counsel continued to work on a definitive
merger agreement with the other pharmaceutical company and to
finalize the merger agreement with Johnson & Johnson
throughout the evening.

Our board of directors met at 9:00 p.m. PST
on February 9, 2003 for a further update from management
and our legal and financial advisors as to the status of
discussions with Johnson & Johnson and the other
pharmaceutical company. At 1:00 a.m. PST on
February 10, 2003, the legal advisors of the other
potential acquiror informed our legal advisors that their
clients best and final offer was $44.50 per share.
Dr. Rice then contacted Mr. Weldon and requested a
best and final offer from Johnson & Johnson. Mr. Weldon
stated that $45.00 per share was Johnson &
Johnsons best and final offer.

Our board of directors met at 2:00 a.m. PST
on February 10, 2003 to consider the best and final offers
of the two potential acquirors. At the meeting, Dr. Rice
and management reported on the outcome of the negotiations with
the two potential acquirors. Representatives of our legal
advisors reviewed with the board of directors its fiduciary
duties in connection with a sale of the company, and also
reviewed the material proposed terms of the merger agreement
with Johnson & Johnson. Representatives of J.P. Morgan
reviewed its financial analysis with respect to the proposed
transaction with Johnson & Johnson and delivered its oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of
February 10, 2003, and subject



to and based upon the considerations in its
opinion, the $45.00 per share to be received by the holders of
our common stock in the proposed merger was fair, from a
financial point of view, to such holders. Based on the
consideration of these presentations and its prior
deliberations, the directors unanimously approved the merger
agreement and determined that it is fair, advisable to, and in
the best interests of, our stockholders and authorized
management to execute the merger agreement.

Shortly thereafter, Mr. Brewer and Christine
A. Poon, Member, Executive Committee, and Worldwide Chairman,
Pharmaceutical Group, of Johnson & Johnson executed the
merger agreement, and, prior to the commencement of trading on
Nasdaq, we issued a joint press release with Johnson &
Johnson publicly announcing the execution of the merger
agreement.

Reasons for the Merger

Our board of directors, at a special meeting held
on February 10, 2003, unanimously determined that the
merger agreement is fair, advisable to and in the best interests
of our stockholders and unanimously approved the merger
agreement. Accordingly, the board of directors unanimously
recommends that you vote FOR adoption of the merger agreement at
the special meeting.

In the course of determining that the merger
agreement is fair, advisable to and in the best interests of our
stockholders, the board of directors consulted with management,
as well as its financial and legal advisors, and considered the
following potentially positive factors:

 

the familiarity of the board of directors with,
    and information provided by management and J.P. Morgan as to,
    our business, financial condition, results of operations and
    competitive position, the nature of our business and the
    industry in which we compete, economic and market conditions, on
    both a historical and a prospective basis, as well as our
    strategic objectives, including the development and
    commercialization of SCIO-469 and our other product candidates,
    and the risks involved in achieving those objectives;

 

managements view of the advantages and
    disadvantages of entering into a collaboration agreement with
    respect to the development and commercialization of SCIO-469 and
    our other p38 product candidates, as compared to the advantages
    and disadvantages of entering into an acquisition transaction;

 

the scope and outcome of the process conducted to
    identify parties having a potential interest and ability to
    acquire Scios, as described in  Background of
    the Merger;

 

the opinion of J.P. Morgan that, as of the date
    of its opinion, and based upon and subject to the matters stated
    in the opinion, the consideration to be received pursuant to the
    merger by the holders of Scios common stock was fair from a
    financial point of view to those holders;

 

the belief of the board of directors that the
    $45.00 per share represented the highest consideration that
    Johnson & Johnson was willing to pay, and the highest per
    share value obtainable on the date of signing;

 

the conclusion of the board of directors that any
    other expression of interest in existence on the date of signing
    was either at a lower price per share or was unclear as to
    ultimate price and subject to significant due diligence and
    negotiation that could lead to the loss of the two potential
    buyers that had completed their due diligence;

 

the belief of the board of directors, based on
    the advice of J.P. Morgan, that the $45.00 per share offered by
    Johnson & Johnson was greater than the intrinsic values
    of Scios as an independent company under the expressions of
    interest for collaboration, and the view of the board as to the
    difference between them;

 

the fact that the cash merger consideration of
    $45.00 per share represents a premium of 29.7% over the closing
    price of Scios common stock on February 6, 2003, the last
    trading day before the potential for a transaction became
    publicly known;



 

the fact that the merger consideration is all
    cash, which provides certainty of value to Scios stockholders,
    compared to a transaction involving stock consideration or a
    mixture of stock and cash; and

 

the terms and conditions of the merger agreement,
    including:

 

that the merger agreement does not include a
    financing condition and our managements conclusion, based
    on consultation with J.P. Morgan, that Johnson &
    Johnson has the financial ability to complete the merger, and

 

our ability to furnish information to and conduct
    negotiations with third parties, and to terminate the merger
    agreement if a third party makes a superior proposal for a
    business combination or acquisition, as described under
    The Merger Agreement  No Solicitation.

Our board of directors also considered
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the
merger, including:

 

that we will no longer exist as an independent
    company and our stockholders will no longer participate in our
    growth;

 

that, under the terms of the merger agreement, we
    will be unable to solicit other acquisition proposals;

 

that, under the terms of the merger agreement, we
    would be required to pay Johnson & Johnson a termination fee
    if we were to terminate the merger agreement to accept a
    superior proposal for a business combination or acquisition of
    Scios, and that our obligation to pay the termination fee might
    discourage other parties from proposing a business combination
    with, or an acquisition of, Scios (see The Merger
    Agreement  Termination);

 

that gains from an all-cash transaction would be
    taxable to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

 

that, while the merger is expected to be
    completed, there can be no assurance that all conditions to the
    parties obligations to complete the merger will be
    satisfied, and as a result, it is possible that the merger may
    not be completed even if approved by our stockholders (see
    The Merger Agreement  Conditions to the
    Completion of the Merger); and

 

the possibility of disruption to the operations
    of Scios following announcement of the merger, and the resulting
    effect on Scios if the merger does not close.

While the board of directors considered
potentially negative and potentially positive factors, the board
of directors concluded that overall, the potentially positive
factors outweighed the potentially negative factors.

The foregoing discussion summarizes the material
information and factors considered by the board of directors in
its consideration of the merger. The board of directors
collectively reached the unanimous decision to approve the
merger agreement in light of the factors described above and
other factors that each member of the board of directors felt
were appropriate. In view of the variety of factors and the
quality and amount of information considered, the board of
directors did not find it practicable to and did not make
specific assessments of, quantify or otherwise assign relative
weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its
determination. Individual members of the board of directors may
have given different weight to different factors.

Recommendation of Our Board of
Directors

Our board of directors has unanimously determined
that the merger agreement is fair, advisable to, and in the best
interests of, our stockholders. Accordingly, our board of
directors unanimously recommends that our stockholders vote
FOR the adoption of the merger agreement.



Opinion of Our Investment Banker 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.

Pursuant to an engagement letter dated
October 17, 2002, we retained J.P. Morgan as our financial
advisor in connection with the proposed merger.

At the meeting of our board of directors on
February 10, 2003, J.P. Morgan rendered its oral opinion to
our board of directors that, as of that date, the merger
consideration in the proposed merger was fair, from a financial
point of view, to our common stockholders. J.P. Morgan
subsequently confirmed its oral opinion in writing. No
limitations were imposed by our board of directors upon J.P.
Morgan with respect to the investigations made or procedures
followed by it in rendering its opinion.

The full text of the written opinion of J.P.
Morgan, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters
considered and limits on the review undertaken, is attached as
Annex B to this proxy statement and is incorporated herein by
reference. You are urged to read the opinion carefully and in
its entirety. J.P. Morgans written opinion is addressed to
our board of directors, is directed only to the consideration to
be paid in the merger and does not constitute a recommendation
to any holder of our common stock as to how to vote on the
merger agreement or any matter related to the merger at the
special meeting. This summary of the opinion of J.P. Morgan is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
opinion.

In arriving at its opinion, J.P. Morgan, among
other things:

 

reviewed a draft of the merger agreement dated
    February 10, 2003;

 

reviewed certain publicly available business and
    financial information concerning us and the industries in which
    we operate;

 

compared the proposed financial terms of the
    merger with the publicly available financial terms of certain
    transactions involving companies it deemed relevant and the
    consideration received for such companies;

 

compared our financial and operating performance
    with publicly available information concerning certain other
    companies it deemed relevant and reviewed the current and
    historical market prices of our common stock and certain
    publicly traded securities of such other companies;

 

reviewed certain internal financial analyses and
    forecasts prepared by our management relating to our business;

 

held discussions with certain members of our
    management with respect to certain aspects of the merger, and
    our past and current business operations, our financial
    condition and future prospects and our operations and certain
    other matters it believed necessary or appropriate to its
    inquiry;

 

reviewed the proposed collaboration terms
    relating to our p38 kinase inhibitor program; and

 

performed such other financial studies and
    analyses and considered such other information as it deemed
    appropriate.

J.P. Morgan relied upon and assumed, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all
information that was publicly available or that was furnished to
it by us or otherwise reviewed by J.P. Morgan, and
J.P. Morgan has not assumed any responsibility or liability
therefor. J.P. Morgan has not conducted any valuation or
appraisal of any assets or liabilities, nor have any valuations
or appraisals been provided to J.P. Morgan. In relying on
financial analyses and forecasts provided to J.P. Morgan,
J.P. Morgan has assumed that they have been reasonably
prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments by our management as to our
expected future results of operations and our financial
condition to which such analyses or forecasts relate. J.P.
Morgan has also assumed that the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will be
completed as described in the merger agreement.

The projections furnished to J.P. Morgan for
us were prepared by our management. We do not publicly disclose
internal management projections of the type provided to J.P.
Morgan in connection with



J.P. Morgans analysis of the merger,
and such projections were not prepared with a view toward public
disclosure. These projections were based on numerous variables
and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be beyond
the control of our management, including, without limitation,
factors related to general economic and competitive conditions
and prevailing interest rates. Accordingly, actual results could
vary significantly from those set forth in such projections.

J.P. Morgans opinion is based on economic,
market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information
made available to J.P. Morgan as of, the date of its
opinion. Subsequent developments may affect its opinion, and
J.P. Morgan does not have any obligation to update, revise,
or reaffirm its opinion. J.P. Morgan expressed no opinion
as to our underlying decision to enter into the merger agreement.

In accordance with customary investment banking
practice, J.P. Morgan employed generally accepted valuation
methods in reaching its opinion. The following is a summary of
the material financial analyses utilized by J.P. Morgan in
connection with providing its opinion.

Public Trading
Multiples.
 With respect to Scios,
using management estimates for Scios, J.P. Morgan compared
selected financial data of us with similar publicly available
data for selected publicly traded companies engaged in
businesses which J.P. Morgan judged to be comparable to us. The
following companies were selected by J.P. Morgan as
comparable to us: Amgen Inc., Gilead Sciences Inc. and IDEC
Pharmaceuticals Corp. For each comparable company,
J.P. Morgan used estimates of calendar year 2002 and 2003
revenues published in publicly available equity analyst research
reports to derive a multiples range based on enterprise value to
calendar year 2002 and 2003 estimated revenues. The equity value
of a company is equal to its enterprise value less net debt. The
enterprise value of a company is equal to its market value plus
net debt.

J.P. Morgan then selected the median and high
values from the comparable company universe for each multiple
and calculated the implied equity value of Scios using our 2002
and 2003 calendar year estimated revenues, based on management
guidance. J.P. Morgan assumed that we had net cash of
approximately $168.9 million and there were approximately
56.3 million fully diluted outstanding shares of common
stock. The results of this analysis were as follows:

Equity Value

Multiple Range

(in millions)

Value per share

Low

High

Low

High

Low

High

Calendar Year 2002 Revenue

12.0x

15.0x

$

1,346.1

$

1,640.4

$

23.92

$

29.14

Calendar Year 2003 Revenue

9.0x

10.0x

$

1,775.4

$

1,953.9

$

31.54

$

34.71

Because of inherent differences between the
businesses, operations and prospects of Scios and the companies
listed above, J.P. Morgan believes that a purely quantitative
analysis of the selected companies without considering complex
qualitative judgments concerning differences between the
financial and operating characteristics of Scios and the
selected companies would not be meaningful in the context of the
merger.

Selected Transaction
Analysis.
 Using publicly available
information, J.P. Morgan examined selected merger and
acquisition transactions in the biopharmaceutical sector.
Specifically, J.P. Morgan reviewed the following transactions:

 

Amgen Inc.s acquisition of Immunex
    Corporation;

 

Millenium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.s
    acquisition of COR Therapeutics, Inc.;

 

MedImmune, Inc.s acquisition of Aviron;

 

Corixa Corporations acquisition of Coulter
    Pharmaceutical, Inc.;

 

Genzyme Corporations acquisition of GelTex
    Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;

 

Chiron Corporations acquisition of
    PathoGenesis Corporation;

 

Cephalon, Inc.s acquisition of Anesta
    Corporation;



 

Warner-Lambert Companys acquisition of
    Agouron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;

 

Millenium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.s
    acquisition of LeukoSite, Inc.;

 

Pharmacia & Upjohn, Inc.s acquisition
    of SUGEN, Inc.; and

 

Elan Corporation, plcs acquisition of
    Neurex Corporation.

J.P. Morgan calculated the implied enterprise
value of the acquired company in each transaction as a multiple
of such one-year forward revenue and two-year forward revenue.

J.P. Morgan then selected the median and mean
values for each multiple from the selected comparable
transaction universe and calculated the implied equity value of
Scios using our 2002 and 2003 calendar year estimated revenues,
based on management guidance. In each calculation, J.P. Morgan
assumed that we had net cash of approximately
$168.9 million and approximately 56.3 million fully
diluted outstanding shares of common stock. The results of this
analysis were as follows:

Equity Value

Multiple Range

(in millions)

Value per share

Low

High

Low

High

Low

High

1-Year Forward Revenues

13.0x

18.0x

$

1,444.2

$

1,934.7

$

25.66

$

34.37

2-Year Forward Revenues

9.0x

13.0x

$

1,775.4

$

2,489.4

$

31.54

$

44.23

Discounted Cash Flow
Analysis.
 J.P. Morgan conducted a
sum-of-the parts discounted cash flow analysis for the purpose
of determining the fully diluted equity value per share for our
common stock. J.P. Morgan calculated the unlevered free cash
flows that we expect to generate from Natrecor and our
p38 kinase inhibitor program, both of which comprise the
majority of our estimated revenues. For Natrecor, our
cardiovascular drug for acute congestive heart failure, J.P.
Morgan conducted a discounted cash flow analysis during fiscal
years 2003 through 2022 based upon financial projections
prepared by our management. J.P. Morgan also calculated a range
of terminal asset values of Scios at the end of the 20-year
period ending December 31, 2022 by applying a perpetuity
growth rate of 1.5% to 2.5% to estimated 2022 free cash flow. In
addition, J.P. Morgan performed a sensitivity analysis around
both peak sales and sales, marketing & administrative
expenses as a percentage of peak sales. The unlevered free cash
flows and the range of terminal asset values were then
discounted to present values using a range of discount rates
from 9.0% to 13.0%, which were chosen by J.P. Morgan based upon
an analysis of the weighted average cost of capital of Scios and
comparable companies.

For our p38 kinase inhibitor program, J.P.
Morgan conducted a discounted cash flow analysis during fiscal
years 2003 through 2032 based upon financial projections
prepared by our management assuming a collaboration with a
profit sharing structure. J.P. Morgan also calculated a range of
terminal asset values of Scios at the end of the 30-year period
ending December 31, 2032 by applying a perpetuity growth
rate of 1.5% to 2.5% to estimated 2032 free cash flow. In
addition, J.P. Morgan performed a sensitivity analysis around
both peak sales and sales, marketing & administrative
expenses as a percentage of peak sales. The unlevered free cash
flows and the range of terminal asset values were then
discounted to present values using a range of discount rates
from 15.0% to 35.0%, which were chosen by J.P. Morgan based upon
observed necessary returns for biotech companies with
development programs in Phase III trials.

In addition to conducting a discounted cash flow
analysis on Natrecor and our p38 kinase inhibitor program,
J.P. Morgan valued our net operating loss carryforwards,
applying a 9% discount rate. J.P. Morgan also conducted a
discounted cash flow analysis on our Biosite and Kaken royalty
streams during fiscal years 2003 through 2013. J.P. Morgan also
calculated a range of terminal asset values at the end of the
11-year period ending December 31, 2013 by applying a
perpetuity growth rate of 1.5% to 2.5% to estimated 2013 free
cash flow. The unlevered free cash flows and the range of
terminal asset values were then discounted to present values
using a range of discount rates from 9.0% to 13.0%, which were
chosen by J.P. Morgan based upon an analysis of the weighted
average cost of capital of Scios and comparable companies.



This sum-of-the-parts discounted cash flow
analysis implied an equity value for Scios of approximately
$33.00 to $42.50 per share, assuming approximately
56.3 million fully diluted outstanding shares of common
stock.

The summary set forth above does not purport to
be a complete description of the analyses or data presented by
J.P. Morgan. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis
or summary description. J.P. Morgan believes that the summary
set forth above and its analyses must be considered as a whole
and that selecting portions thereof, without considering all of
its analyses, could create an incomplete view of the processes
underlying its analyses and opinion. J.P. Morgan based its
analyses on assumptions that it deemed reasonable, including
assumptions concerning general business and economic conditions
and industry-specific factors. The other principal assumptions
upon which J.P. Morgan based its analyses are set forth above
under the description of each such analysis. J.P. Morgans
analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
actual future results that might be achieved, which values may
be higher or lower than those indicated. Moreover, J.P.
Morgans analyses are not and do not purport to be
appraisals or otherwise reflective of the prices at which
businesses actually could be bought or sold.

As a part of its investment banking business,
J.P. Morgan and its affiliates are continually engaged in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, investments for passive and control
purposes, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of
listed and unlisted securities, private placements, and
valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. J.P. Morgan
was selected to advise us with respect to the merger on the
basis of such experience and its familiarity with us.

For services rendered in connection with the
merger, we have agreed to pay J.P. Morgan a fee equal to 0.4% of
the equity value of Scios at the closing date. In addition, we
have agreed to reimburse J.P. Morgan for its expenses incurred
in connection with its services, including the fees and
disbursements of counsel, and will indemnify J.P. Morgan against
certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the
federal securities laws.

J.P. Morgan and its affiliates maintain banking
and other business relationships with us and our affiliates and
Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates, for which J.P.
Morgan receives customary fees. In the ordinary course of their
businesses, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates may actively trade
the debt and equity securities of Scios or Johnson &
Johnson for their own accounts or for the accounts of customers
and, accordingly, they may at any time hold long or short
positions in such securities.

Interests of Our Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of our board of
directors with respect to the merger, our stockholders should be
aware that all of our directors and executive officers have
personal interests in the merger that are, or may be, different
from, or in addition to, your interests. Our board of directors
was aware of the interests described below and considered them,
among other matters, when approving the merger agreement.

Employment Agreement with Richard B.
Brewer.
 In September 1998, we entered
into an employment agreement with Richard B. Brewer, our
President and Chief Executive Officer. The employment agreement
provides that Mr. Brewers unvested options will
become fully exercisable immediately upon the consummation of a
change of control (as defined under his employment
agreement). The completion of the merger will constitute a
change of control for purposes of Mr. Brewers
employment agreement. As of February 14, 2003,
Mr. Brewer held unvested options to acquire 116,667 shares
of our common stock that will become fully vested and
immediately exercisable upon completion of the merger.

Change of Control Severance Plan and
Agreements.
 In January 2000, we
entered into an individual change of control agreement with
Mr. Brewer and established a Change of Control Severance
Plan for our other executive officers, which became applicable
to our executive officers pursuant to letter agreements between
the executive officers and us, to provide certain severance
payments and benefits if their



employment terminates following a change of
control (as defined in the change of control agreements). The
change of control agreements are intended to encourage our
officers to remain employed with us. The completion of the
merger on or prior to December 31, 2004 will constitute a
change of control for purposes of the change of
control agreements.

The change of control agreements provide for the
following severance benefits to the officers in the event their
employment is terminated involuntarily (other than for cause (as
defined in the change of control agreements), disability or
death) or voluntarily for good reason (as defined in the change
of control agreements and set forth below), in each case within
one year after a change of control

 

a lump sum payment of 1.5 (2.25 in the case of
    Mr. Brewer) times the sum of (1) the highest level of
    the officers annual base salary during the 12 months
    preceding the date of termination and (2) the
    officers target bonus for the calendar year of termination
    of employment;

 

continuation for up to 18 months
    (24 months in the case of Mr. Brewer) of the health care
    benefits that were being provided by us to each officer and his
    or her family immediately prior to termination of employment; and

 

outplacement services at our expense (up to a
    maximum of $10,000.00).

In general, good reason means:

 

relocation of our executive offices by more than
    40 miles;

 

assignment of duties inconsistent with the
    officers position or substantial adverse alteration in the
    officers responsibilities from those in effect before the
    change of control; or

 

reduction in the officers total annual cash
    salary and bonus opportunity.

In addition, consistent with
Mr. Brewers employment agreement, his change of
control agreement includes within the meaning of good reason a
material change in our principal line of business without his
concurrence, while the other agreements do not. The change of
control agreements are not employment contracts and the change
of control agreement with Mr. Brewer is intended to
supplement his employment agreement only with respect to
severance payments in the event of termination of employment
following a change of control (as described above) and otherwise
does not amend or modify his employment agreement.

In addition, each change of control agreement
provides that in the event any payment or distribution to or for
the benefit of the executive officer under the change of control
agreements or otherwise is deemed to constitute an excess
parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G
of the Internal Revenue Code, and such payments and benefits
will cause the executive officer to incur an excise tax under
Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, then the
payments and benefits will be reduced to the maximum amount that
may be paid without imposition of the excise tax. The executive
officer will be entitled to select which payments and benefits
will be reduced and the manner and method of such reduction.

Letter Agreement with
Mr. Brewer.
 As an inducement to
Johnson & Johnson to enter into the merger agreement,
we entered into a letter agreement with Mr. Brewer, dated
February 10, 2003, that provides that for purposes of his
change of control agreement, the definition of good reason would
be modified to exclude certain changes in his duties and
responsibilities following the completion of the merger that
would otherwise be considered good reason under his change of
control agreement. In addition, the letter agreement provides
that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
Mr. Brewers change of control agreement, in the event
that (1) during the twelve-month period following the
completion of the merger, Mr. Brewer terminates his
employment with us for health reasons upon the written advice of
an attending physician, mutually acceptable to Johnson &
Johnson and Mr. Brewer, who concludes following an
examination of Mr. Brewers medical condition that he
is unable to perform substantially his duties and
responsibilities for our company or (2) at any time at or
following the expiration of the fifteen-month period following
the completion of the merger, Mr. Brewer terminates his



employment with us for any reason or no reason
after having provided at least 90 days prior written
notice (provided that such prior notice period will not commence
any earlier than the first day following the expiration of the
twelve-month period following the completion of the merger),
then Mr. Brewer will be entitled to receive the payments
and benefits that would have been payable to him under the terms
of his change of control agreement (assuming for such purpose
that his employment with us had been involuntarily terminated by
us (other than for cause or due to death or disability)
immediately following the completion of the merger). In
addition, Mr. Brewer is currently in discussions with
Johnson & Johnson about continuing employment following
the merger.

Letter Agreements with Other Executive
Officers.
 As an inducement to
Johnson & Johnson to enter into the merger agreement,
we entered into letter agreements in February 2003 with nine of
our other ten executive officers, that provide that for purposes
of the executive officers change of control agreement, the
definition of good reason would be modified to exclude certain
changes in his or her duties and responsibilities following the
completion of the merger that would otherwise be considered good
reason under his or her change of control agreement. In
addition, each letter agreement provides that, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the officers change of control
agreement, (1) if the officer remains in continuous
employment with us from the completion of the merger through the
expiration of the twelve-month period following the completion
of the merger, he or she will receive a lump sum cash payment in
an amount equal to 50% of the amount of the severance payment
that would otherwise be payable to the officer under his or her
change of control agreement (assuming for such purpose that his
or her employment with us had been involuntarily terminated by
us (other than for cause or due to death or disability)
immediately following the completion of the merger) and
(2) if the officer remains in continuous employment with us
from the completion of the merger through the expiration of the
twenty-four-month period following the completion of the merger,
he or she will receive the remaining 50% of his or her otherwise
payable severance payment. The payments described in the
preceding sentence will not be payable, however, if the officer
otherwise becomes entitled to receive an actual severance
payment pursuant to the terms of the change of control
agreement. In addition, our executive officers are currently in
discussions with Johnson & Johnson about continuing
employment following the merger.

Stock Options and Employee Stock Purchase
Plan.
 Pursuant to the merger
agreement, options to purchase shares of our common stock,
including options held by our directors and executive officers,
that are outstanding at the effective time of the merger, will
become options to purchase shares of Johnson & Johnson
common stock, as described below under
 Treatment of Our Stock Options and Employee
Stock Purchase Plan.

In addition, our stock option plans provide that
if, within one year following a change of control (as defined in
the plans), an optionholders employment is terminated
without cause (as defined in the plans) or a non-employee
directors directorship is terminated for any reason or no
reason, then the terminated employee or director would be
entitled to exercise his or her options in full without regard
to any vesting limitations. The completion of the merger will
constitute a change of control under our stock
option plans. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, our
non-employee directors directorships will be terminated at
the effective time of the merger and as a result, pursuant to
the terms of our stock option plans, their options will vest
upon completion of the merger. As of February 14, 2003, our
non-employee directors held unvested options to purchase 27,404
shares of our common stock in the aggregate that will become
fully vested and immediately exercisable upon the completion of
the merger. Except as described in this paragraph and pursuant
to Mr. Brewers employment agreement, the vesting and
exercisability of our outstanding options will not be affected
by the completion of the merger.

Our employee stock purchase plan will be
terminated as of the day immediately prior to the effectiveness
of the merger, and all amounts allocated for each
participants account (including for our executive
officers) under the employee stock purchase plan as of that date
will be used to purchase shares of our common stock at the
applicable discount to the market price determined pursuant to
the plan, using the termination date as the final purchase date
for each offering period.



Indemnification.
 The
terms of the merger agreement provide for the continued
indemnification of our current directors and officers as more
fully described below under The Merger
Agreement  Directors and Officers
Indemnification, Advancement of Expenses, Exculpation and
Insurance.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences

The following is a summary of the material United
States federal income tax consequences of the merger to United
States Holders (as defined below) of our common stock whose
shares are converted into the right to receive cash under the
merger. This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Code), applicable Treasury
Regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations
thereof, each as in effect as of the date hereof, all of which
may change, possibly with retroactive effect. This summary
assumes that shares of our common stock are held as capital
assets. It does not address all of the tax consequences that may
be relevant to particular holders in light of their personal
circumstances, or to other types of holders, including, without
limitation:

 

banks, insurance companies or other financial
    institutions;

 

broker-dealers;

 

traders;

 

expatriates;

 

tax-exempt organizations;

 

Non-United States Holders (as defined below);

 

persons who are subject to alternative minimum
    tax;

 

persons who hold their shares of common stock as
    a position in a straddle or as part of a
    hedging or conversion transaction;

 

persons deemed to sell their shares of common
    stock under the constructive sale provisions of the Code;

 

persons that have a functional currency other
    than the United States dollar; or

 

persons who acquired their shares of our common
    stock upon the exercise of stock options or otherwise as
    compensation.

In addition, this discussion does not address any
state, local or foreign tax consequences of the merger.

We urge each holder of our common stock to
consult his or her own tax advisor regarding the United States
federal income or other tax consequences of the merger to such
holder.

For purposes of this discussion, a United
States Holder means a holder that is:

 

a citizen or resident of the United States;

 

a corporation, a partnership or an entity treated
    as a corporation or a partnership for United States federal
    income tax purposes created or organized in or under the laws of
    the United States or any State or the District of Columbia;

 

an estate the income of which is subject to
    United States federal income taxation regardless of its source;
    or

 

a trust (a) the administration over which a
    United States court can exercise primary supervision and
    (b) all of the substantial decisions of which one or more
    United States persons have the authority to control and certain
    other trusts considered United States Holders for federal income
    tax purposes.

A Non-United States Holder is a
holder other than a United States Holder.



If a partnership holds our common stock, the tax
treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend
upon the status of the partner and the activities of the
partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding our
common stock, you should consult your tax advisor regarding the
tax consequences of the merger.

Consequences
of the Merger

The receipt of cash in exchange for shares of our
common stock pursuant to the merger will be a taxable
transaction for United States federal income tax purposes. In
general, a United States Holder who receives cash in exchange
for shares of our common stock pursuant to the merger will
recognize capital gain or loss for United States federal income
tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the amount
of cash received and the holders adjusted tax basis in the
shares of our common stock exchanged for cash pursuant to the
merger. Any such gain or loss would be long-term capital gain or
loss if the holding period for the shares of our common stock
exceeded one year. Long-term capital gains of noncorporate
taxpayers are generally taxable at a maximum rate of 20%.
Capital gains of corporate stockholders are generally taxable at
the regular tax rates applicable to corporations.

If a United States Holder of our common stock
exercises appraisal rights and receives cash in exchange for its
shares of our common stock, the holder will generally recognize
capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the cash
received and the holders tax basis in our common stock
exchanged therefor.

Backup
Withholding

Backup withholding may apply to payments made in
connection with the merger. Backup withholding will not apply,
however, to a holder who (1) furnishes a correct taxpayer
identification number and certifies that it is not subject to
backup withholding on the substitute Form W-9 or successor
form included in the letter of transmittal to be delivered to
holders of our common stock prior to completion of the merger,
(2) provides a certification of foreign status on
Form W-8BEN or successor form, or (3) is otherwise
exempt from backup withholding. Any amounts withheld under the
backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit
against such holders United States federal income tax
liability provided the required information is furnished to the
IRS.

THE FOREGOING DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A
COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF THE POTENTIAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING
TO THE MERGER, AND IS NOT TAX ADVICE. THEREFORE, HOLDERS OF OUR
COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE
SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE
APPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND OTHER TAX
LAWS.

Regulatory Approvals

Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976 and the rules promulgated thereunder by
the Federal Trade Commission, certain transactions, including
the merger, may not be completed unless certain waiting period
requirements have been satisfied. Johnson & Johnson and
we intend to file notification and report forms with the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal
Trade Commission as soon as practicable. The merger may also be
subject to review by the governmental authorities of various
other jurisdictions, including state and foreign authorities.
Neither we nor Johnson & Johnson have yet obtained any of
the governmental or regulatory approvals required to complete
the merger.

While we expect to obtain all required regulatory
approvals, we cannot assure you that these regulatory approvals
will be obtained or that the granting of these regulatory
approvals will not involve the imposition of conditions on the
completion of the merger or require changes to the terms of the
merger that would have a materially adverse effect on the
combined company. These conditions or changes could require the
grant of a complete or partial license, a divestiture or
spin-off, or the holding separate of assets



or businesses and could result in the conditions
to Johnson & Johnsons obligation to complete the
merger not being satisfied.

In addition, at any time before or after the
effective time of the merger, the Antitrust Division, the
Federal Trade Commission or others could take action under the
antitrust laws, including seeking to prevent the merger, to
rescind the merger or to conditionally approve the merger upon
the divestiture by us or Johnson & Johnson of substantial
assets. In addition, in some jurisdictions, a competitor,
customer or other third party could initiate a private action
under the antitrust laws challenging or seeking to enjoin the
merger, before or after it is completed. There can be no
assurance that a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds
will not be made or, if such a challenge is made, that it would
not be successful.

Appraisal Rights

Holders of shares of our common stock (who do not
vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement) and
preferred stock, who properly demand appraisal of their shares
will be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the
merger under Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware (Section 262).

The following discussion is not a complete
statement of the law pertaining to appraisal rights under
Section 262 and is qualified in its entirety by the full
text of Section 262 which is attached to this proxy
statement as Annex C. All references in Section 262
and in this summary to a stockholder are to the
record holder of the shares of our common stock or preferred
stock as to which appraisal rights are asserted. A person having
a beneficial interest in shares of our common stock or preferred
stock held of record in the name of another person, such as a
broker, fiduciary, depositary or other nominee, must act
promptly to cause the record holder to follow the steps
summarized below properly and in a timely manner to perfect
appraisal rights.

Under Section 262, persons who hold shares
of our common stock or preferred stock who follow the procedures
set forth in Section 262 will be entitled to have their
shares appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery and to
receive payment of the fair value of the shares,
exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with a
fair rate of interest, if any, as determined by the court.

Under Section 262, where a merger is to be
submitted for approval at a meeting of stockholders, as in the
case of the adoption of the merger agreement by our
stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior
to the meeting, must notify each of its stockholders entitled to
appraisal rights that appraisal rights are available and include
in the notice a copy of Section 262. This proxy statement
shall constitute the notice, and the full text of
Section 262 is attached to this proxy statement as Annex C.
Any holder of our common stock or preferred stock who wishes to
exercise appraisal rights or who wishes to preserve such
holders right to do so, should review the following
discussion and Annex C carefully because failure to timely
and properly comply with the procedures specified will result in
the loss of appraisal rights.

Any stockholder wishing to exercise appraisal
rights must deliver to us, before the vote on the adoption of
the merger agreement at the special meeting, a written demand
for the appraisal of the stockholders shares, and a holder
of shares of our common stock must not vote in favor of the
adoption of the merger agreement. A holder of shares of our
common stock or preferred stock wishing to exercise appraisal
rights must hold of record the shares on the date the written
demand for appraisal is made and must continue to hold the
shares of record through the effective time of the merger. A
vote against the adoption of the merger agreement will not in
and of itself constitute a written demand for appraisal
satisfying the requirements of Section 262. The written
demand for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from
any proxy or vote. The demand must reasonably inform us of the
identity of the holder as well as the intention of the holder to
demand an appraisal of the fair value of the shares
held by the holder. A stockholders failure to make the
written demand prior to the taking of the vote on the adoption
of the merger agreement at the special meeting of stockholders
will constitute a waiver of appraisal rights.



Only a holder of record of shares of our common
stock or preferred stock is entitled to assert appraisal rights
for the shares registered in that holders name. A demand
for appraisal in respect of shares of our common stock or
preferred stock should be executed by or on behalf of the holder
of record, fully and correctly, as the holders name
appears on the holders stock certificates, and must state
that the person intends thereby to demand appraisal of the
holders shares in connection with the merger. If the
shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a
trustee, guardian or custodian, execution of the demand should
be made in that capacity, and if the shares are owned of record
by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy and tenancy in
common, the demand should be executed by or on behalf of all
joint owners. An authorized agent, including an agent for two or
more joint owners, may execute a demand for appraisal on behalf
of a holder of record; however, the agent must identify the
record owner or owners and expressly disclose the fact that, in
executing the demand, the agent is acting as agent for the
record owner or owners. A record holder such as a broker who
holds shares as nominee for several beneficial owners may
exercise appraisal rights with respect to the shares held for
one or more beneficial owners while not exercising the rights
with respect to the shares held for other beneficial owners; in
such case, however, the written demand should set forth the
number of shares as to which appraisal is sought and where no
number of shares is expressly mentioned the demand will be
presumed to cover all shares of our common stock or preferred
stock held in the name of the record owner. Stockholders who
hold their shares in brokerage accounts or other nominee forms
and who wish to exercise appraisal rights are urged to consult
with their brokers to determine the appropriate procedures for
the making of a demand for appraisal by such a nominee.

All written demands for appraisal pursuant to
Section 262 should be sent or delivered to us at Scios
Inc., 749 North Mary Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085,
Attention: Secretary.

Within ten days after the effective time of the
merger, the surviving corporation must notify each holder of our
common stock or preferred stock who has complied with
Section 262 and (in the case of holders of common stock)
who has not voted in favor of the adoption of the merger
agreement that the merger has become effective. Within
120 days after the effective time of the merger, but not
thereafter, the surviving corporation or any holder of our
common stock or preferred stock who has so complied with
Section 262 and is entitled to appraisal rights under
Section 262 may file a petition in the Delaware Court of
Chancery demanding a determination of the fair value of the
holders shares. The surviving corporation is under no
obligation to and has no present intention to file a petition.
Accordingly, it is the obligation of the holders of our common
stock or preferred stock to initiate all necessary action to
perfect their appraisal rights in respect of shares of our
common stock or preferred stock within the time prescribed in
Section 262.

Within 120 days after the effective time of
the merger, any holder of our common stock or preferred stock
who has complied with the requirements for exercise of appraisal
rights will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from
the surviving corporation a statement setting forth the
aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the adoption of
the merger agreement and with respect to which demands for
appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders
of such shares. The statement must be mailed within ten days
after a written request therefor has been received by the
surviving corporation or within ten days after the expiration of
the period for delivery of demands for appraisal, whichever is
later.

If a petition for an appraisal is timely filed by
a holder of shares of our common stock or preferred stock and a
copy thereof is served upon the surviving corporation, the
surviving corporation will then be obligated within 20 days
to file with the Delaware Register in Chancery a duly verified
list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who
have demanded an appraisal of their shares and with whom
agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached. After notice to the stockholders as required by the
Court, the Delaware Court of Chancery is empowered to conduct a
hearing on the petition to determine those stockholders who have
complied with Section 262 and who have become entitled to
appraisal rights thereunder. The Delaware Court of Chancery may
require the stockholders who demanded payment for their shares
to submit their stock certificates to the Register in Chancery
for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal
proceeding; and if any stockholder fails to comply with the
direction, the Court of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as
to the stockholder.



After determining the holders of our common stock
and preferred stock entitled to appraisal, the Delaware Court of
Chancery will appraise the fair value of their
shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with a
fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount
determined to be the fair value. Stockholders considering
seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value of their
shares as so determined could be more than, the same as or less
than the consideration they would receive pursuant to the merger
if they did not seek appraisal of their shares and that an
investment banking opinion as to fairness from a financial point
of view is not necessarily an opinion as to fair value under
Section 262. We do not anticipate offering more than the
applicable merger consideration to any stockholder exercising
appraisal rights and we reserve the right to assert, in any
appraisal proceeding, that for purposes of Section 262, the
fair value of a share of our common stock or
preferred stock is less than the applicable merger
consideration. The Delaware Supreme Court has stated that
proof of value by any techniques or methods which are
generally considered acceptable in the financial community and
otherwise admissible in court should be considered in the
appraisal proceedings. In addition, Delaware courts have decided
that the statutory appraisal remedy, depending on factual
circumstances, may or may not be a dissenters exclusive
remedy. The Delaware Court of Chancery will also determine the
amount of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amounts to be
received by persons whose shares of our common stock or
preferred stock have been appraised. The costs of the action may
be determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the
Court deems equitable. The Court may also order that all or a
portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in
connection with an appraisal, including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of
experts utilized in the appraisal proceeding, be charged pro
rata against the value of all the shares entitled to be
appraised.

Any holder of shares of our common stock or
preferred stock who has duly demanded an appraisal in compliance
with Section 262 will not, after the effective time of the
merger, be entitled to vote the shares subject to the demand for
any purpose or be entitled to the payment of dividends or other
distributions on those shares (except dividends or other
distributions payable to holders of record of our common stock
or preferred stock as of a record date prior to the effective
time of the merger).

If any stockholder who demands appraisal of
shares of our common stock or preferred stock under
Section 262 fails to perfect, or effectively withdraws or
loses, such holders right to appraisal, the
stockholders shares of our common stock will be deemed to
have been converted at the effective time of the merger into the
right to receive $45.00 in cash per share and the
stockholders shares of our preferred stock will be deemed
to have been converted at the effective time of the merger into
the right to receive $4,500.00 in cash per share. A stockholder
will fail to perfect, or effectively lose or withdraw, the
holders right to appraisal if no petition for appraisal is
filed within 120 days after the effective time of the
merger, or if the stockholder delivers to the surviving
corporation a written withdrawal of the holders demand for
appraisal and an acceptance of the merger, except that any
attempt to withdraw made more than 60 days after the
effective time of the merger will require the written approval
of the surviving corporation and, once a petition for appraisal
is filed, the appraisal proceeding may not be dismissed as to
any holder absent court approval.

Failure to follow the steps required by
Section 262 for perfecting appraisal rights may result in
the loss of such rights.

Structure of the Merger

The merger agreement provides that, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions of the merger agreement,
Merger Sub will be merged with and into us and the separate
corporate existence of Merger Sub will thereupon cease, and we
will be the surviving corporation and all of our rights,
privileges, powers, immunities, purposes and franchises will
continue unaffected by the merger, except that all of our then
outstanding common stock will be owned by Johnson &
Johnson and all outstanding options will be amended and adjusted
to become options to acquire shares of Johnson &
Johnson common stock.



Effective Time of the Merger

The merger will become effective when a
certificate of merger is duly filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware or at such later time as the parties
agree to and specify in the certificate of merger. Such filing
will be made no later than the second business day after the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the completion of
the merger described in the merger agreement. See The
Merger Agreement  Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger.

The merger agreement also provides that:

 

our restated certificate of incorporation will be
    amended at the effective time of the merger to be in the form of
    Exhibit A to the merger agreement and, as so amended, will
    be the restated certificate of incorporation of the surviving
    corporation until changed or amended;

 

the bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately
    prior to the effective time of the merger will be the bylaws of
    the surviving corporation;

 

the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to
    the effective time of the merger will be the directors of the
    surviving corporation; and

 

our officers immediately prior to the effective
    time of the merger will be the officers of the surviving
    corporation.

The Common Stock Merger
Consideration

Each share of our common stock issued and
outstanding immediately before the effective time of the merger,
other than:

 

treasury shares or shares held by Johnson &
    Johnson or Merger Sub, all of which will be canceled in the
    merger, and

 

shares held by stockholders who comply with all
    of the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of
    Delaware concerning the right to require appraisal of their
    shares, whom we refer to as dissenting stockholders,

will, by virtue of the merger and without any
action on the part of the holders of these shares, be converted
into and represent the right to receive $45.00 in cash, without
interest. After the merger is effective, each holder of a
certificate representing any of these shares of our common stock
will no longer have any rights with respect to the shares,
except for the right to receive the $45.00 per share merger
consideration. At the effective time of the merger, such shares
of our common stock will no longer be outstanding, will
automatically be canceled and will cease to exist. No interest
will accrue or be paid with respect to the merger consideration.
Until holders of certificates previously representing shares of
our common stock have surrendered those certificates to the
paying agent for exchange, holders will not receive the merger
consideration due in respect of the shares formerly represented
by such certificates.

After the merger is effective, each dissenting
stockholder will also no longer have any rights as a stockholder
of us with respect to his or her shares, except for the right to
receive payment of the judicially-determined fair value of his
or her shares pursuant to Delaware law if the stockholder has
validly perfected and not withdrawn such right.

The Preferred Stock Merger
Consideration

Each share of our Series B preferred stock
issued and outstanding immediately before the effective time of
the merger, other than shares held by us, Johnson &
Johnson or Merger Sub (which shares will be canceled pursuant to
the merger agreement) and shares held by dissenting
stockholders, will, by virtue of the merger and without any
action on the part of the holders of these shares, be converted
into and represent the right to receive $4,500.00 in cash,
without interest. The Series B preferred stock merger
consideration is equal to the common stock merger consideration
multiplied by the number of shares of common stock into which
each share of our Series B preferred stock is convertible.
After the merger is



effective, each holder of a certificate
representing any of these shares of our preferred stock will no
longer have any rights with respect to the Series B
preferred shares, except for the right to receive the $4,500.00
per share merger consideration. At the effective time of the
merger, such shares of our Series B preferred stock will no
longer be outstanding, will automatically be canceled and will
cease to exist. No interest will accrue or be paid with respect
to the merger consideration for these shares. Until holders of
certificates previously representing shares of our Series B
preferred stock have surrendered those certificates to the
paying agent for exchange, Series B preferred stockholders
will not receive the merger consideration due in respect of the
shares formerly represented by such Series B preferred
stock certificates. After the merger is effective, each
dissenting Series B preferred stockholder will also no
longer have any rights as a stockholder of us with respect to
his or her shares, except for the right to receive payment of
the judicially-determined fair value of his or her shares
pursuant to Delaware law if the stockholder has validly
perfected and not withdrawn such right.

HOLDERS OF COMMON STOCK OR PREFERRED STOCK
SHOULD NOT RETURN STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH THE ENCLOSED
PROXY.

Treatment of Our Stock Options and Employee
Stock Purchase Plan

Prior to the effective time of the merger,
holders of outstanding stock options will continue to have the
right to exercise their vested stock options for shares of our
common stock. Pursuant to the merger agreement, we will take the
actions that may be required to adjust the terms of all
outstanding options to acquire shares of our common stock,
whether vested or unvested, to provide that, upon completion of
the merger, each option outstanding immediately prior to the
completion of the merger will be amended and converted so that
it becomes an option to acquire a number of shares of Johnson
& Johnson common stock, rounded down to the nearest whole
share, determined by multiplying the number of shares of our
common stock subject to the original option by a fraction, the
numerator of which is $45.00, and the denominator of which is
the average closing price for Johnson & Johnson common stock
for the five consecutive trading days ending on the second
trading day immediately preceding the completion of the merger.
The exercise price of the converted option will be equal to the
aggregate exercise price for the shares of our common stock
subject to the original option divided by the aggregate number
of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock issuable
pursuant to the adjusted option, rounded up to the nearest whole
cent. Except as described in  Interests of our
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger, the
options will otherwise remain subject to the same terms and
conditions that were applicable prior to the merger (and all
restrictions on transfer and vesting, to the extent such
restrictions have not already lapsed, will remain in full force
and effect with respect to the adjusted options after giving
effect to the completion of the merger).

Prior to the effective time of the merger, our
board of directors or the committee of our board of directors
which administers our employee stock purchase plan will take
actions under the employee stock purchase plan to provide that:

 

participants will not be permitted to increase
    their payroll deductions or purchase elections from those in
    effect on the date of the merger agreement;

 

no offering period will be commenced after the
    date of the merger agreement; and

 

each participants outstanding right to
    purchase shares of our common stock under the plan will
    terminate on the day immediately prior to the date on which the
    merger becomes effective, with all amounts allocated for each
    participants account under the employee stock purchase
    plan as of the termination date being used to purchase shares of
    our common stock at the applicable discount to the market price
    of our common stock determined pursuant to the plan, using the
    termination date as the final purchase date for each then
    outstanding offering period.

The employee stock purchase plan will terminate
immediately following these purchases of common stock.



Surrender of Stock Certificates

At the effective time of the merger, Johnson
& Johnson will deposit for the benefit of our stockholders
the aggregate merger consideration into an exchange fund with
J.P. Morgan Chase or another comparable institution, as paying
agent.

As soon as practicable (but not later than five
business days) after the effective time of the merger, the
paying agent will mail to each holder of record of shares of our
common stock and preferred stock a letter of transmittal and
instructions for use in delivering certificates to the paying
agent in exchange for the merger consideration due in respect of
the shares formerly represented by such certificates. After the
paying agent has received a stockholders certificate,
together with a properly completed letter of transmittal, the
paying agent will deliver to the stockholder the $45.00 per
share merger consideration for shares of common stock and
$4,500.00 per share merger consideration for shares of preferred
stock, each multiplied by the number of shares formerly
represented by the certificate(s) surrendered by the
stockholder. In the event of a transfer of ownership of our
common stock or preferred stock which is not registered in the
transfer records of our transfer agent, payment of the merger
consideration may be made to a person other than the person in
whose name the surrendered certificate is registered if:

 

the certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise
    in proper form for transfer; and

 

the person requesting the merger consideration
    pays any transfer or other taxes required as a result of the
    transfer or establishes to Johnson & Johnsons
    reasonable satisfaction that such tax has been paid or is not
    applicable.

Lost Certificates

If any certificate representing shares of our
common stock or preferred stock is lost, stolen or destroyed,
the paying agent will deliver the merger consideration for the
shares if:

 

the stockholder asserting the claim of a lost,
    stolen or destroyed certificate makes an affidavit of that fact;
    and

 

upon Johnson & Johnsons request, the
    stockholder posts a bond in a reasonable amount, determined by
    Johnson & Johnson, as security against any claim that may be
    made against Johnson & Johnson with respect to the lost
    certificate.

Unclaimed Amounts

Any portion of the exchange fund which remains
undistributed to our stockholders for six months after the
effective time of the merger will be delivered by the paying
agent to Johnson & Johnson, upon demand, and any of our
stockholders who have not previously surrendered their stock
certificates will only be entitled to look to Johnson &
Johnson for payment of the merger consideration. Subject to the
other terms of the merger agreement, Johnson & Johnson will
remain liable for the payment of the merger consideration to
these stockholders.



THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following description summarizes the
material provisions of the merger agreement and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the complete text of the merger
agreement. The merger agreement included in this proxy statement
as Annex A contains the complete terms of that agreement and
stockholders should read it carefully and in its
entirety.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains representations and
warranties made by us to Johnson & Johnson and Merger
Sub, including those relating to:

 

due organization, corporate power and standing,
    and other corporate matters;

 

our capital structure;

 

due organization and capital structure of our
    subsidiaries;

 

the authorization, execution, delivery and
    enforceability of the merger agreement;

 

conflicts with organizational documents and
    contracts, violations of any laws or orders and required
    governmental consents, approvals and filings;

 

documents we filed with the SEC and the accuracy
    of information, including financial information, contained in
    these documents;

 

the accuracy of the information we supplied for
    inclusion in this proxy statement;

 

the absence of material changes or events since
    September 30, 2002 concerning us or our subsidiaries;

 

pending or threatened material litigation;

 

contracts relating to research, development,
    distribution, sale, supply, license, marketing or manufacturing,
    and other specified contracts;

 

regulatory compliance matters, and our compliance
    with applicable environmental and other laws;

 

matters affecting us relating to the Employee
    Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and other
    compliance, compensation and employment matters (including
    employee benefit plans, collective bargaining or other labor
    union agreements and excess parachute payments under
    Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
    amended);

 

completion and accuracy of our tax filings and
    payment of our taxes;

 

validity of our titles to, or leasehold or
    sublease interests in, our properties and compliance with the
    terms of our leases and subleases;

 

matters relating to our intellectual property;

 

voting requirements in connection with the merger
    agreement;

 

the applicability of state takeover statutes and
    takeover provisions in our certificate of incorporation;

 

our engagement and payment of fees for
    accountants, brokers, financial advisors and legal counsel in
    connection with the merger agreement;

 

our receipt of a fairness opinion from J.P.
    Morgan; and

 

insurance matters.



The merger agreement also contains
representations and warranties made by Johnson &
Johnson and Merger Sub to us, including those relating to:

 

due organization, corporate power and standing,
    and other corporate matters;

 

the authorization, execution, delivery and
    enforceability of the merger agreement;

 

conflicts with organizational documents and
    contracts, violations of any laws or orders and required
    governmental consents, approvals and filings;

 

the accuracy of the information supplied by
    Johnson & Johnson for inclusion in this proxy statement;

 

Johnson & Johnsons capital resources;

 

Merger Subs operations; and

 

ownership of our capital stock by Johnson &
    Johnson and Merger Sub.

Covenants

Under the merger agreement, we have agreed that,
prior to the effective time of the merger, subject to specified
exceptions, we and our subsidiaries will:

 

carry on our business in the ordinary course,
    consistent with past practice and in compliance, in all material
    respects, with applicable laws; and

 

use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve
    intact our current business organizations, keep available the
    services of our current officers, employees and consultants and
    preserve our relationships with those persons having business
    dealings with us.

In addition, we have agreed that, among other
things and subject to specified exceptions, neither we nor any
of our subsidiaries may, without Johnson & Johnsons
prior written consent, take any of the following actions:

 

make changes in our capital stock, pay any
    dividends or make any distributions in respect of our capital
    stock (except by a wholly owned subsidiary);

 

redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of our
    capital stock or any other related securities or any rights,
    warrants or options to acquire such shares or other securities,
    except as required under existing plans or arrangements with
    directors, officers, employees or consultants;

 

issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or encumber
    any shares of our capital stock, any other voting securities,
    any rights, options, warrants or convertible securities,
    phantom stock, phantom stock rights or
    any stock appreciation rights or stock based performance units,
    other than the issuance of common stock upon the conversion of
    our preferred stock or our convertible notes, or upon the
    exercise of options or warrants that were outstanding on the
    date of the merger agreement;

 

amend our restated certificate of incorporation
    or bylaws, the comparable organizational documents of any of our
    subsidiaries, the certificate of designation with respect to our
    preferred stock or the indenture with respect to our convertible
    notes, except as may be required by law, or the rules and
    regulations of the SEC or Nasdaq;

 

acquire any person or division, business or
    equity interest of any person;

 

acquire any asset or assets for a purchase price
    in excess of $500,000, individually, or $1,000,000, in the
    aggregate, except for capital expenditures not in excess of
    agreed-upon amounts, and purchases of components, raw materials
    or supplies in the ordinary course of business consistent with
    past practice;



 

sell, lease, license, mortgage, sell and
    leaseback, or otherwise encumber or dispose of any of our
    assets, except for sales of inventory and used equipment in the
    ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice;

 

enter into, modify or amend any lease of
    property, except for modifications or amendments that are not
    materially adverse to us or our subsidiaries taken as a whole;

 

incur or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed
    money, issue or sell any debt securities or rights to acquire
    debt securities, enter into any keep well
    arrangement, or enter into any arrangement having an economic
    effect of any of the foregoing;

 

make any loans, advances, or capital
    contributions to, or investments in, any other person, other
    than to employees in the ordinary course of business consistent
    with past practice;

 

except as required by law or court judgment:

 

pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any material
    claims, liabilities, obligations or litigation, except, with
    respect to disclosed or ordinary course liabilities, in the
    ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or in
    accordance with their terms,

 

cancel any indebtedness, other than upon the
    conversion of our outstanding convertible notes,

 

waive or assign any claims or valuable rights,

 

waive benefits of, modify, or knowingly fail to
    enforce any standstill or similar agreement, or

 

waive any material benefits of, modify in any
    material respect, or, knowingly fail to enforce in any material
    respect, any material confidentiality or similar agreement;

 

enter into any material contracts relating to the
    research, clinical trial, development, distribution, sale,
    supply, license, marketing, co-promotion or manufacturing of our
    products, products licensed by us, or our intellectual property
    rights, other than:

 

confidentiality agreements with customary terms,
    and consulting agreements which individually have aggregate
    values of no more than $50,000, in each case entered into in the
    ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and

 

pursuant to contracts previously disclosed to
    Johnson & Johnson, in accordance with their terms as of the
    date of the merger agreement;

 

sell, transfer or license to any person or
    otherwise extend, amend or modify any of our intellectual
    property rights, other than pursuant to such confidentiality,
    consulting or existing agreements;

 

enter into, modify, amend or terminate any
    material contract or waive, release or assign any material
    rights or claims under it, in each case which would reasonably
    be expected to materially adversely affect us, impair in any
    material respect our ability to perform our obligations under
    the merger agreement or prevent or materially delay the
    completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement;

 

enter into any contract that conflicts with the
    transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or contains
    terms that restrict the contracts assignability to Johnson
    & Johnson or its subsidiaries in the merger;

 

subject to limited exceptions:

 

adopt, enter into, terminate or amend any
    collective bargaining agreement, benefit plan or any benefit
    agreement between us or our subsidiaries and one or more of our
    or their current or former directors, officers, employees or
    consultants,

 

increase in any manner the compensation, bonus or
    fringe or other benefits, or pay any bonus of any kind or amount
    whatsoever to, any current or former officer, director, employee
    or consultant, except for planned salary increases and bonus
    payments described in the merger agreement,



 

pay any benefit or amount not required under any
    benefit plan or arrangement of ours or our subsidiaries as in
    effect on the date of the merger agreement, except as
    contemplated by the previous bullet,

 

grant or pay any severance or termination pay or
    increase in any manner the severance or termination pay of any
    current or former director, officer, employee or consultant,

 

grant any awards under any bonus, incentive,
    performance, or other compensation plan or arrangement, benefit
    agreement or benefit plan (including the grant of stock options,
    restricted stock, phantom stock, stock appreciation
    rights, phantom stock rights, stock based or stock
    related awards, performance units or restricted stock or the
    removal of existing restrictions in any benefit agreement or
    benefit plan or agreements or awards made under such benefit
    agreements or benefit plans),

 

amend or modify any stock option or warrant,

 

take any action to fund or in any other way
    secure the payment of compensation or benefits under any
    employee plan, agreement, contract or arrangement, or benefit
    plan or benefit agreement,

 

take any action to accelerate the vesting or
    payment of any compensation or benefit under any benefit plan or
    benefit agreement, or

 

materially change any actuarial or other
    assumption used to calculate funding obligations with respect to
    any pension plan or change the way in which contributions to any
    pension plan are made or the basis on which such contributions
    are determined;

 

except as required by generally accepted
    accounting principles or by our independent public accountants,
    revalue any material assets of our company or any of our
    subsidiaries, or make any material changes to our accounting
    methods, principles or practices; or

 

authorize, or commit or agree to take, any of the
    above actions.

We and Johnson & Johnson have agreed to
notify promptly each other of:

 

any representation or warranty of the notifying
    party in the merger agreement that is qualified as to
    materiality becoming untrue or inaccurate in any respect, and
    any other representation or warranty becoming untrue or
    inaccurate in any material respect; and

 

the failure of the notifying party to comply with
    or satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or
    agreement to be complied with or satisfied by the party under
    the merger agreement.

Each party shall promptly provide the other with
copies of all filings made with any governmental entity in
connection with the merger agreement other than portions of such
filings that include confidential information not directly
related to the merger.

Between the date of the merger agreement and the
effective time of the merger, we will, and will cause our
subsidiaries to, take the following action:

 

timely file all required tax returns, and timely
    pay all taxes due in respect of those returns;

 

accrue a reserve in books and records and
    financial statements in accordance with past practice for all
    taxes payable for which no return is due prior to the effective
    time of the merger;

 

promptly notify Johnson & Johnson of any
    suit, claim, action, investigation, proceeding or audit
    involving us or any of our subsidiaries in respect of any
    material amount of tax and not settle or compromise any such
    action without Johnson & Johnsons consent;

 

not make any material tax election or settle or
    compromise any material tax liability, other than with Johnson
    & Johnsons consent or other than in the ordinary
    course of business; and



 

cause all existing tax sharing agreements, tax
    indemnity obligations and similar agreements, arrangements or
    practices with respect to taxes to which we or any of our
    subsidiaries are or may be a party or may otherwise be bound to
    be terminated as of the closing date of the merger so that
    neither we nor any or our subsidiaries will have further rights
    or liabilities under such agreements, arrangements or practices.

Directors and Officers
Indemnification, Advancement of Expenses, Exculpation and
Insurance

Johnson & Johnson has agreed to cause
the surviving corporation to assume the obligations with respect
to all rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and
all exculpation from liabilities for acts or omissions occurring
at or prior to the effective time of the merger now existing in
favor of our present and former officers or directors, as
provided in our restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws or
any indemnification agreement between any such person and us, in
each case as in effect as of the date of the merger agreement.
These obligations will continue in full force and effect for a
period of not less than six years after the effective time of
the merger.

Johnson & Johnson has also agreed to
maintain in effect our current officers and
directors liability insurance for a period of six years
after the completion of the merger in respect of acts or
omissions occurring prior to the effective time of the merger,
covering those persons who were, as of the date of the merger
agreement, covered by that policy. The coverage terms and amount
of coverage must be no less favorable than those of the policy
in effect on the date of the merger agreement, although Johnson
& Johnson will not be required to pay more than $8,200,000
in the aggregate, less any applicable credit. In the event
coverage cannot be obtained for $8,200,000 or less,
Johnson & Johnson will be obligated to provide the
coverage that can be obtained for $8,200,000.

Employee Benefits Matters

The merger agreement provides that for a period
of not less than twelve months following the effective time of
the merger, our employees who remain in the employment of the
surviving corporation and its subsidiaries (whom we refer to as
continuing employees) will receive employee benefits that in the
aggregate are substantially comparable to the employee benefits
provided to our employees immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger. However, neither Johnson & Johnson, the
surviving corporation nor any of their subsidiaries will have
any obligation to issue, or adopt any plans or arrangements
providing for the issuance of shares of capital stock, warrants,
options, stock appreciation rights or other rights in respect of
any shares of capital stock of any entity, or any securities
convertible or exchangeable into such shares pursuant to any
such plans or arrangements, except pursuant to options granted
prior to the effective time of the merger under our existing
stock option plans, as described above under The
Merger  Treatment of Our Stock Options and Employee
Stock Purchase Plan. None of our or our subsidiaries
plans or arrangements providing for issuance of shares nor our
flexible time off program will be taken into account in
determining whether employee benefits are substantially
comparable in the aggregate.

To the extent that Johnson & Johnson makes
the following plans or programs available to employees of the
surviving corporation, and not for purposes of any other
employee benefit plan of Johnson & Johnson, Johnson
& Johnson will cause the surviving corporation to recognize
the service of each continuing employee as if the service had
been performed with Johnson & Johnson for the following
purposes:

 

for purposes of vesting (but not benefit accrual)
    under Johnson & Johnsons defined benefit pension plan;

 

for purposes of eligibility for vacation under
    Johnson & Johnsons vacation program;

 

for purposes of eligibility and participation
    under any health or welfare plan maintained by
    Johnson & Johnson (other than any post-employment
    health or post-employment welfare plan); and



 

unless covered under another arrangement with us,
    for benefit accrual purposes under Johnson & Johnsons
    severance plan.

In addition, with respect to any welfare plan
maintained by Johnson & Johnson in which continuing
employees are eligible to participate after the effective time
of the merger, Johnson & Johnson will, and will cause the
surviving corporation to:

 

waive all limitations as to preexisting
    conditions and exclusions with respect to participation and
    coverage requirements applicable to such employees to the extent
    such conditions and exclusions were satisfied or did not apply
    to such employees under our welfare plans prior to the effective
    time of the merger; and

 

provide each continuing employee with credit for
    any co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the effective time
    of the merger in satisfying any analogous deductible or
    out-of-pocket requirements to the extent applicable under any
    such plan.

Nothing in the merger agreement requires Johnson
& Johnson or the surviving corporation to continue any
specific plans or to continue the employment of any specific
person.

Efforts to Complete the Merger

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the merger agreement, each party agrees to use its
commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions and do all
things necessary, proper or advisable, to complete the merger in
the most expeditious manner practicable, including using
commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the following:

 

the taking of all acts necessary to cause the
    conditions to closing to be satisfied as promptly as practicable;

 

the obtaining of all necessary actions or
    nonactions, waivers, consents and approvals from governmental
    entities and the making of all necessary registrations and
    filings and the taking of all necessary steps to obtain an
    approval or waiver from, or avoid an action or proceeding by,
    any governmental entity; and

 

the obtaining of all necessary consents,
    approvals or waivers from third parties (although no party shall
    be obligated to concede anything of value in the process).

In addition, we will take all reasonable actions
necessary to ensure that no state takeover statute or similar
statute or regulation is or becomes applicable to the merger
agreement, and if a state takeover statute or similar statute
becomes applicable, we will take all reasonable actions
necessary to ensure that the merger may be completed as promptly
as practicable. Nothing in the merger agreement, however,
requires Johnson & Johnson to agree to divest or hold
separate any assets or any portion of any business of Johnson
& Johnson, us or our respective subsidiaries.

Convertible Notes

We, Johnson & Johnson and Merger Sub
have each agreed to take the actions required to be taken to
complete the merger pursuant to the indenture governing our
5.50% convertible subordinated notes due 2009. The indenture
requires that we execute a supplemental indenture to adjust the
conversion provisions of the indenture and the convertible notes
as a result of the merger. These adjustments will provide that
from and after the effective time of the merger, any outstanding
convertible notes will be convertible into the amount of cash
receivable upon the completion of the merger by a holder of the
number of shares of our common stock into which the convertible
note would have been converted immediately prior to the merger.
Each $1,000 in principal amount of the convertible notes is
convertible into 25.4453 shares of our common stock.
Accordingly, based upon the $45.00 per share in cash
consideration for shares of our common stock in the merger, each
$1,000 in principal amount of the convertible notes will become
convertible from and after the merger into $1,145.04 in cash.



Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger

The obligations of Johnson & Johnson and
Merger Sub, on the one hand, and us, on the other hand, to
effect the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
various conditions, including the following:

 

the merger agreement has been adopted by the
    affirmative vote of stockholders holding a majority of the
    shares of our common stock outstanding at the close of business
    on the record date for the special meeting;

 

the waiting period (and any extension thereof)
    applicable to the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
    Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, has expired or has been
    terminated;

 

no temporary restraining order, injunction or
    other judgment or court order or statute, law, rule, legal
    restraint or prohibition is in effect that (1) prevents the
    completion of the merger, or (2) has had or would
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on us;

 

performance in all material respects by the other
    party of all obligations required to be performed by it under
    the merger agreement on or prior to the date on which the merger
    is to become effective; and

 

the representations and warranties of the other
    party set forth in the merger agreement that are qualified as to
    materiality are true and correct, and those that are not so
    qualified are true and correct in all material respects, in each
    case as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the
    closing date of the merger as though made on the closing date,
    except to the extent such representations and warranties
    expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as of such
    earlier date.

The obligations of Johnson & Johnson and
Merger Sub to effect the merger are further subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions:

 

there is no pending or threatened suit, action or
    proceeding by any governmental entity:

 

challenging the acquisition by Johnson &
    Johnson or Merger Sub of any shares of our common stock or
    preferred stock, seeking to restrain or prohibit the completion
    of the merger, or seeking to place limitations on the ownership
    of shares of our common stock or preferred stock, or shares of
    common stock or preferred stock of the surviving corporation, by
    Johnson & Johnson or Merger Sub or seeking to obtain
    from us, Johnson & Johnson or Merger Sub any damages
    that are material in relation to us,

 

seeking to prohibit or materially limit the
    ownership or operation by us, Johnson & Johnson or our or
    their subsidiaries of any portion of our or their respective
    businesses or assets, or to compel us, Johnson & Johnson or
    any of our or their subsidiaries to divest or hold separate any
    portion of our or their businesses or assets, as a result of the
    merger,

 

seeking to prohibit Johnson & Johnson or any
    of its subsidiaries from effectively controlling in any material
    respect our business or operations, or

 

otherwise having or being reasonably expected to
    have, a material adverse effect on us; and

 

there is no restraining order, injunction or
    other judgment or court order or other statute, law, rule, legal
    restraint or prohibition that would reasonably be expected to
    result in any of the effects described in the immediately
    preceding four bullet points.

The merger agreement provides that a
material adverse effect on us means any change,
effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development or
developments which individually or in the aggregate would
reasonably be expected to result in any change or effect that:

 

is materially adverse to the business, financial
    condition, properties, assets, liabilities (contingent or
    otherwise) or results of operations of us and our subsidiaries
    taken as a whole, or



 

would reasonably be expected to prevent or
    materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay our
    completion of the merger or the other transactions contemplated
    by the merger agreement.

This definition is subject to the limitation that
no change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
development or developments of the following type will be
deemed, either alone or in combination, to constitute, and none
of the following will be taken into account in determining
whether there has been or will be, a material adverse effect:

 

in financial or securities markets or the economy
    in general, including any fluctuation, in and of itself, in the
    price of shares of our common stock (although the facts or
    occurrences giving rise or contributing to such fluctuation may
    be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining
    whether there has been or will be, a material adverse effect);

 

in the biopharmaceutical industry in general, to
    the extent that the effects thereof do not disproportionately
    impact us; and

 

as a result of any failure, in and of itself, by
    us to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts or
    revenue or earnings predictions for any period ending on or
    after the date of the merger agreement (although the facts or
    occurrences giving rise or contributing to such failure may be
    deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining
    whether there has been or will be, a material adverse effect).

No Solicitation of Other Acquisition Proposals
by Scios

The merger agreement provides that we will not,
nor will we authorize or permit any of our subsidiaries or our
or their directors, officers, or employees or authorize or
knowingly permit any investment banker, financial advisor,
attorney, accountant or other advisor, agent or representative
retained by us or any of our subsidiaries, directly or
indirectly, to (and we will instruct our representatives not to):

 

solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, or take
    any other action designed to, or which could reasonably be
    expected to, facilitate, any takeover proposal, as described
    below; or

 

enter into, continue or otherwise participate in
    any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any
    person any information, or otherwise cooperate in any way with,
    any takeover proposal.

The merger agreement provides that we and our
subsidiaries will immediately cease and cause to be terminated
all existing discussions or negotiations with any person
conducted up to the date of the merger agreement with respect to
a takeover proposal and request the prompt return or destruction
of all confidential information previously furnished.

However, if at any time prior to the time that
our stockholders adopt the merger agreement:

 

we receive a bona fide written takeover proposal
    that our board of directors determines in good faith, after
    consultation with outside counsel and a financial advisor of
    nationally recognized reputation, constitutes or is reasonably
    likely to lead to a superior proposal, as described below; and

 

the takeover proposal was made and not solicited
    after the date of the merger agreement, and did not otherwise
    result from our breach of our nonsolicitation covenant,

we may, if our board of directors determines in
good faith, after consultation with outside counsel, that the
failure to do so would result in a breach of its fiduciary
duties to our stockholders and, subject to providing oral and
written notice of our decision to do so to Johnson & Johnson:

 

furnish, under a customary confidentiality
    agreement that is no less restrictive as a whole than the one
    signed by Johnson & Johnson, information about us and our
    subsidiaries to the person making such takeover proposal and its
    representatives, provided that all such information has
    previously been provided to Johnson & Johnson or is provided
    to Johnson & Johnson prior to or substantially concurrent
    with the time it is provided to such person; and

 

participate in discussions or negotiations
    regarding the takeover proposal.



The merger agreement provides that:

 

the term takeover proposal means any
    inquiry, proposal or offer from any person relating to, or that
    would reasonably be expected to lead to, any direct or indirect
    acquisition or purchase, in one transaction or a series of
    transactions, of assets or businesses that constitute 15% or
    more of our and our subsidiaries revenues, net income or
    assets, taken as a whole, or 15% or more of any class of our or
    of any of our subsidiaries equity securities, any tender
    offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in any
    person beneficially owning 15% or more of any class of our
    equity securities or the equity securities of our subsidiaries,
    or any merger, consolidation, business combination,
    recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture,
    binding share exchange or similar transaction involving us or
    our subsidiaries pursuant to which any person or the
    shareholders of any person would own 15% or more of any class of
    our equity securities or the equity securities of our
    subsidiaries or of any resulting parent company of us, other
    than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and

 

the term superior proposal means a
    bona fide offer made by a third party that if consummated would
    result in the third party (or its stockholders) owning, directly
    or indirectly, all or substantially all of (1) our common
    stock then outstanding, (2) common stock of the surviving
    entity in a merger or the direct or indirect parent of the
    surviving entity in a merger, or (3) our assets, in each
    case, which our board of directors determines in good faith
    (after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally
    recognized reputation) to be more favorable to our stockholders
    from a financial point of view than the merger, taking into
    account all the terms and conditions of such proposal as
    compared to the merger agreement (including any changes to the
    financial terms of the merger agreement proposed by Johnson
    & Johnson in response to such offer or otherwise), and
    reasonably capable of being completed, taking into account all
    financial, legal, regulatory and other aspects of such proposal.

In the event that we receive any takeover
proposal, we must promptly advise Johnson & Johnson orally
and in writing of the material terms and conditions of it
(including any changes to such terms and conditions), and the
identity of the person making it, and keep Johnson & Johnson
fully informed of the status and details (including any material
change to the terms) of it.

The merger agreement further provides that
neither our board of directors nor any committee of our board of
directors will:

 

withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to
    Johnson & Johnson), or publicly propose to withdraw (or
    modify in a manner adverse to Johnson & Johnson), the
    approval, recommendation or declaration of advisability by our
    board of directors or such committee of the merger, the merger
    agreement or the other transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement, or recommend, adopt or approve any takeover proposal,
    or propose publicly to do so (we refer to any such action as a
    Company Adverse Recommendation Change); or

 

approve or recommend, or propose to approve or
    recommend, or allow us or any of our subsidiaries to execute or
    enter into, any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding,
    agreement in principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement,
    option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement
    or other similar agreement constituting or related to, or that
    is intended to or would reasonably be expected to lead to, any
    takeover proposal, other than a customary confidentiality
    agreement to facilitate the disclosure of information about us
    to any person making a takeover proposal, as described above.

However, at any time prior to the time
stockholder approval is obtained, if our board of directors
determines in good faith (after consultation with outside
counsel) that the failure to do so would result in a breach of
its fiduciary duties to our stockholders, our board of directors
may make a Company Adverse Recommendation Change or, in response
to a superior proposal that was not solicited after the date of
the merger agreement and did not otherwise result from a breach
of our nonsolicitation covenant, cause us to terminate the
merger agreement. However, before doing so, our board of
directors is required to give



Johnson & Johnson three business days prior
written notice (which notice must state the reasons for the
change or termination, including the terms and conditions of any
superior proposal that is the basis of the proposed action by
our board of directors), and a further two business days notice
in the event of any amendment to the financial terms or any
other material term of the superior proposal. In determining
whether to make a Company Adverse Recommendation Change or
terminate the merger agreement as described in this paragraph,
our board of directors is required to take into account any
changes to the financial terms of the merger agreement proposed
by Johnson & Johnson in response to such notice or
otherwise.

For a discussion of the circumstances under which
we must pay a $70,000,000 fee, including in the event of Johnson
& Johnsons termination of the merger agreement after a
Company Adverse Recommendation Change, or our termination of the
merger agreement in connection with a superior proposal, see
 Termination and  Fees
and Expenses.

Termination

The merger agreement may be terminated at any
time prior to the effective time of the merger, regardless of
whether our stockholders have adopted the merger agreement:

(1) by mutual written consent of Johnson
& Johnson, Merger Sub and us;

(2) by either Johnson & Johnson or us if:

 

the merger has not been completed on or before
    August 1, 2003, except that this right to terminate will
    not be available to any party whose breach of a representation
    or warranty in the merger agreement or whose action or failure
    to act has been a principal cause of or resulted in the failure
    of the merger to be completed by August 1, 2003;

 

there is in effect any final, nonappealable
    temporary restraining order, injunction or other court order or
    judgment, or statute, law, rule, legal restraint or prohibition
    that prevents the completion of the merger, or has had or would
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on us;

 

our stockholders do not adopt the merger
    agreement at the special meeting, or at any adjournment or
    postponement thereof;

 

the non-terminating party has breached or failed
    to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
    agreements set forth in the merger agreement, if the breach or
    failure to perform:

 

would give rise to the failure of the closing
    conditions relating to the non-terminating partys
    representations and warranties, or the performance of its
    obligations as described under the caption 
    Conditions to the Completion of the Merger, and

 

is incapable of being cured by the
    non-terminating party within 30 calendar days following receipt
    of written notice of such breach or failure to perform from the
    terminating party;

(3) by Johnson & Johnson:

 

if there is in effect any final, nonappealable
    temporary restraining order, injunction or other court order or
    judgment, or statute, law, rule, legal restraint or prohibition:

 

challenging the acquisition by Johnson &
    Johnson or Merger Sub of any shares of our common stock or
    preferred stock, seeking to restrain or prohibit the completion
    of the merger, or seeking to place limitations on the ownership
    of shares of our common stock or preferred stock (or shares of
    common stock or preferred stock of the surviving corporation) by
    Johnson & Johnson or Merger Sub, or seeking to obtain
    from Johnson & Johnson, Merger Sub, or us any damages
    that are material in relation to us,

 

seeking to prohibit or materially limit the
    ownership or operation by us or Johnson & Johnson, or
    our or their subsidiaries, of any portion of our or their
    respective businesses or assets or to



compel us, Johnson & Johnson, or our or
    their subsidiaries, to divest or hold separate any portion of
    our or their respective businesses or assets, as a result of the
    merger,

 

seeking to prohibit Johnson & Johnson or
    its subsidiaries from effectively controlling in any material
    respect the business or operations of us or any of our
    subsidiaries, or

 

otherwise having, or being reasonably expected to
    have, a material adverse effect on us; or

 

in the event that prior to the obtaining of
    stockholder approval, a Company Adverse Recommendation Change
    has occurred or our board of directors fails publicly to
    reaffirm its recommendation of the merger agreement within ten
    business days of receipt of a written request by
    Johnson & Johnson to provide such reaffirmation
    following a takeover proposal; or

(4) by us, as described above under the
heading  No Solicitation of Other Acquisition
Proposals by Scios.

If the merger agreement is terminated pursuant to
the above provisions, the merger agreement will become void and
have no effect, without any liability or obligation on the part
of Johnson & Johnson, Merger Sub or us, except with
respect to specified provisions of the merger agreement,
including those regarding confidentiality, fees and expenses,
and liability for any willful and material breach of the merger
agreement.

Amendment, Extension and Waiver

The merger agreement may be amended by mutual
consent of the parties in writing at any time. At any time prior
to the effective time of the merger, the parties may:

 

extend the time for performance of the
    obligations of the other parties to the merger agreement; and

 

to the extent permitted by law, waive any
    inaccuracies in representations and warranties, or waive
    compliance with any agreement or condition in the merger
    agreement.

However, after the merger agreement has been
adopted by our stockholders, there may not be, without further
approval by our stockholders, any amendment of the merger
agreement or any waiver of an agreement or condition in the
merger agreement, if by law the amendment or waiver requires
further approval by our stockholders.

The failure of any party to the merger agreement
to assert any of its rights under the merger agreement or
otherwise will not constitute a waiver of such rights.

Fees and Expenses

The merger agreement generally provides that each
party will pay its own fees and expenses in connection with the
merger agreement, whether or not the merger is completed.
However, we will share equally with Johnson & Johnson
the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the printing,
filing and mailing of this proxy statement, the solicitation of
stockholder approval and all SEC and other regulatory filing
fees incurred in connection with this proxy statement.

We must pay Johnson & Johnson a
$70,000,000 termination fee if:

 

the merger agreement is terminated by
    Johnson & Johnson following a Company Adverse
    Recommendation Change or the failure by our board of directors
    to reaffirm its recommendation, as described under the heading
     Termination;

 

the merger agreement is terminated by us, as
    described under the heading  No Solicitation of
    Other Acquisition Proposals by Scios; or



 

prior to obtaining stockholder approval:

 

we or our stockholders receive a takeover
    proposal, a takeover proposal otherwise becomes publicly known
    or any person publicly announces an intention to make a takeover
    proposal,

 

the merger agreement is terminated by either
    Johnson & Johnson or us because either (1) the
    merger has not been completed prior to August 1, 2003 (but
    only if no stockholder vote has been held), or (2) our
    stockholders have not adopted the merger agreement at the
    special meeting, and

 

within nine months after such termination, we
    consummate, or enter into a definitive agreement to consummate,
    a takeover proposal.



STOCK OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL
STOCKHOLDERS

The following table and notes set forth
information, as of February 14, 2003 (except as specified
below), with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of
common stock by (1) each person that is known to us to be
the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our common stock,
(2) each of our executive officers and directors, and
(3) our executive officers and directors as a group, based
upon information furnished to us by such persons. Except as
otherwise indicated, we believe that each beneficial owner
listed below exercises sole voting and dispositive power. The
address of each of our directors and executive officers included
in the following table is c/o Scios Inc., 820 West Maude Avenue,
Sunnyvale, CA 94805. Percentage of the Common Stock
is based upon 47,523,828 shares of our common stock outstanding
on February 14, 2003.

Amount of Beneficial Ownership

as

of February 14, 2003

Number of

Percentage of the

Shares

Common Stock

5% Stockholders

Capital Research and Management Company(1)

    333 South Hope Street

    Los Angeles, CA 90071

5,766,900

12.13

%

FMR Corp. and affiliates(2)

    82 Devonshire Street

    Boston, MA 02109

4,012,377

8.44

%

Putnam LLC. d/b/a Putnam Investments(3)

    One Post Office Square

    Boston, MA 02109

2,277,510

4.79

%

Wellington Management Company, LLP(4)

    75 State Street

    Boston, MA 02109

3,680,462

7.74

%

Executive Officers and Directors

Richard B. Brewer(5)

551,833

1.15

%

Patricia A. Baldwin(6)

81,801

*

Julie Blanchard





David W. Gryska(7)

158,488

*

Matthew R. Hooper(8)

33,973

*

Darlene P. Horton, M.D.(9)

102,987

*

Jane A. Moffit(10)

38,664

*

George F. Schreiner, M.D., Ph.D.(11)

225,708

*

Laura Simon, M.D.(12)

19,967

*

Randy St. Laurent(13)

37,408

*

Samuel H. Armacost(14)

94,166

*

Donald B. Rice, Ph.D.(15)

186,666

*

Charles A. Sanders, M.D.(16)

69,166

*

Burton E. Sobel, M.D.(17)

39,166

*

Solomon H. Snyder, M.D.(18)

79,166

*

Eugene L. Step(19)

80,166

*

All directors and executive officers as a group
    (16 persons)(20)

1,799,325

3.77

%



* 

Less than one percent (1%).

(1) 

All information regarding Capital Research and
    Management Company is based on a Schedule 13G, as amended,
    filed by Capital Research and Management Company on
    February 13, 2003. According to this Schedule 13G,
    Capital Research and Management Company is the beneficial owner
    of 5,766,900 shares with no voting power and sole dispositive
    power with respect to such shares. Capital Research and
    Management Company is an investment adviser registered under
    Section 203 of the Investment Adviser Act of 1940 and acts
    as investment adviser to various investment companies registered
    under Section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940.
    Capital Research and Management disclaims beneficial ownership
    of these shares pursuant to Rule 13d-4 under the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(2) 

All information regarding FMR Corp. and its
    affiliates is based on a Schedule 13G filed by FMR Corp. on
    February 14, 2003. According to this Schedule 13G, FMR
    Corp. is the beneficial owner of 4,012,377 shares, with sole
    voting power with respect to 5,577 shares and sole dispositive
    power with respect to 4,012,377 shares. Fidelity Management and
    Research Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of FMR Corp. and an
    investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act
    of 1940, as a result of acting as investment advisor to various
    investment companies, is the beneficial owner of 4,006,800
    shares beneficially owned by FMR Corp and has sole dispositive
    power with respect to the 4,006,800 shares. Fidelity Growth
    Company Fund, an investment company, is the beneficial owner of
    3,260,000 shares of the shares beneficially owned by FMR Corp.

(3) 

All information regarding Putnam LLC. d/b/a
    Putnam Investments is based on a Schedule 13G, as amended,
    filed by Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. and its
    affiliates on October 10, 2002. According to this
    Schedule 13G, Putnam Investments, LLC., a wholly-owned
    subsidiary of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc., is the
    beneficial owner of 2,277,510 shares as a result of wholly
    owning two registered investment advisors: Putnam Investment
    Management, LLC., which is the investment advisor to the Putnam
    family of mutual funds, and the Putnam Advisory Company, LLC.,
    which is the investment advisor to Putnams institutional
    clients. Both Putnam Investment Management, LLC., with 1,795,255
    shares beneficially owned, and Putnam Advisory Company, LLC.,
    with 482,255 shares beneficially owned, have shared dispositive
    power over the shares as investment managers, but each of the
    mutual funds trustees has voting power over the shares
    held by each fund, and the Putnam Advisory Company, LLC. has
    shared voting power over 299,525 shares held by the
    institutional clients. Putnam Investments, LLC. has shared
    voting power over 26,540 of the shares beneficially owned by
    Putnam Investments, LLC. The address for Marsh &
    McLennan Companies, Inc. is 1166 Avenue of the Americas, New
    York, New York 10036.

(4) 

All information regarding Wellington Management
    Company, LLP is based on a Schedule 13G filed by Wellington
    Management Company, LLP on February 12, 2003. According to
    this Schedule 13G, Wellington Management Company, LLP is
    the beneficial owner of 3,680,462 shares held by Wellington
    Trust Company, NA, in its capacity as investment advisor, with
    shared dispositive power with respect to such shares and shared
    voting power with respect to 2,072,112 of such shares.

(5) 

Includes 545,833 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003. Upon completion of the
    merger, 116,667 shares of unvested stock options owned by
    Mr. Brewer, which are not currently exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003, but have exercise prices
    that are below the per share merger consideration, will
    automatically vest.

(6) 

Includes 80,325 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003.

(7) 

Includes 128,479 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003.

(8) 

Includes 32,102 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003.



(9) 

Includes 100,716 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003.

(10) 

Includes 38,562 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003.

(11) 

Includes 215,708 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003.

(12) 

Includes 17,143 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003.

(13) 

Includes 35,155 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003.

(14) 

Includes 69,166 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003. Pursuant to the merger
    agreement, upon the completion of the merger
    Mr. Armacosts directorship will terminate, and as a
    result, pursuant to the terms of our stock option plans, all
    unvested stock options then held by Mr. Armacost (including
    options to acquire 834 shares of our common stock that are
    not exercisable within 60 days of February 14, 2003)
    will automatically vest.

(15) 

Includes 151,666 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003. Pursuant to the merger
    agreement, upon the completion of the merger
    Dr. Rices directorship will terminate, and as a
    result, pursuant to the terms of our stock option plans, all
    unvested stock options then held by Dr. Rice (including
    options to acquire 22,234 shares of our common stock that
    are not exercisable within 60 days of February 14,
    2003) will automatically vest.

(16) 

Includes 69,166 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003. Pursuant to the merger
    agreement, upon the completion of the merger
    Dr. Sanders directorship will terminate, and as a
    result, pursuant to the terms of our stock option plans, all
    unvested stock options then held by Dr. Sanders (including
    options to acquire 834 shares of our common stock that are
    not exercisable within 60 days of February 14, 2003)
    will automatically vest.

(17) 

Includes 39,166 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003. Pursuant to the merger
    agreement, upon the completion of the merger
    Dr. Sobels directorship will terminate, and as a
    result, pursuant to the terms of our stock option plans, all
    unvested stock options then held by Dr. Sobel (including
    options to acquire 834 shares of our common stock that are
    not exercisable within 60 days of February 14, 2003)
    will automatically vest.

(18) 

Includes 59,166 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003. Pursuant to the merger
    agreement, upon the completion of the merger
    Dr. Snyders directorship will terminate, and as a
    result, pursuant to the terms of our stock option plans, all
    unvested stock options then held by Dr. Snyder (including
    options to acquire 834 shares of our common stock that are
    not exercisable within 60 days of February 14, 2003)
    will automatically vest.

(19) 

Includes 59,166 shares of common stock issuable
    upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003. Pursuant to the merger
    agreement, upon the completion of the merger
    Mr. Steps directorship will terminate, and as a
    result, pursuant to the terms of our stock option plans, all
    unvested stock options then held by Mr. Step (including
    options to acquire 834 shares of our common stock that are
    not exercisable within 60 days of February 14, 2003)
    will automatically vest.

(20) 

Includes 1,641,519 shares of common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of stock options exercisable within
    60 days of February 14, 2003.



OTHER MATTERS

As of the date of this proxy statement, we know
of no matters that will be presented for consideration at the
special meeting other than as described in this proxy statement.
If, however, other matters are brought before the special
meeting, the persons named as proxies will vote in accordance
with their judgment on such other matters unless
(1) otherwise indicated on the proxy or (2) the other
matter relates to the adjournment of the special meeting and the
shares represented by the proxy are to be voted against the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, a stockholder who wishes to submit a
proper proposal for inclusion in our proxy statement for our
annual meeting of stockholders to be held later this year must
submit the proposal in writing in a timely manner to the
Secretary of our company at our principal executive offices. In
order to be included, the proposal must have been received by us
no later than November 20, 2002, unless our meeting date is
after June 6, 2003, in which case a reasonable time before
we begin to print and mail our proxy materials. The proposal
must also otherwise comply with Rule 14a-8, including the
requirement that the proponent must have continuously held at
least $2,000 in market value or 1% of our common stock for at
least one year before the proposal is submitted.

In addition, under our bylaws, a stockholder who
wishes to otherwise bring a proposal for consideration at our
annual meeting of stockholders must have submitted the proposal
in writing to the Secretary of our company no later than
November 20, 2002, unless our meeting date is after
June 6, 2003, in which case a reasonable time before we
begin to print and mail our proxy materials. The proposal must
also otherwise comply with the requirements set forth in our
bylaws.

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

The information contained in this proxy statement
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
including statements concerning our ability to complete the
merger and strategic plans, expectations, and objectives for
future operations.

We generally identify such forward-looking
statements using words like estimate,
believe, intend, expect,
may, should, plan,
project, contemplate,
anticipate or similar statements. Statements that
are not historical facts are forward-looking statements based on
current assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These
risks and uncertainties may include the failure to complete the
proposed merger in a timely manner, the inability to obtain
Scios stockholder or regulatory approvals or to satisfy other
conditions to the merger, actions of governmental entities, and
costs related to the merger, as well as other risks detailed
from time to time in the reports filed by us with the SEC,
including our quarterly reports and annual report on
Form 10-K. Our actual results, performance or achievements
may differ significantly from those described in these
forward-looking statements. We disclaim any intention or
obligation to update or revise any financial projections or
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

We file annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. You may read and copy any document we file
with the SEC at the SECs facilities located at Judiciary
Plaza, Room 1024, 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20549 or at the offices of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. located at 1735 K
Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006. Please call the SEC
at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the SECs
public reference rooms. Our SEC filings also are available to
the public at the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov.



THIS PROXY STATEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE THE
SOLICITATION OF A PROXY IN ANY JURISDICTION TO OR FROM ANY
PERSON TO WHOM OR FROM WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH PROXY
SOLICITATION IN SUCH JURISDICTION. YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT TO VOTE YOUR
SHARES AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. WE HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO
PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION THAT IS DIFFERENT FROM WHAT IS
CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. THIS PROXY STATEMENT IS
DATED                     ,
2003. YOU SHOULD NOT ASSUME THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN
THIS PROXY STATEMENT IS ACCURATE AS OF ANY DATE OTHER THAN THAT
DATE, AND THE MAILING OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT TO STOCKHOLDERS
DOES NOT CREATE ANY IMPLICATION TO THE CONTRARY.



 ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

Dated as of February 10, 2003

Among

JOHNSON & JOHNSON,

SATURN MERGER SUB, INC.

And

SCIOS INC.





Page

ARTICLE I

The Merger

SECTION 1.01.

The Merger

A-1

SECTION 1.02.

Closing

A-1

SECTION 1.03.

Effective Time

A-1

SECTION 1.04.

Effects of the Merger

A-2

SECTION 1.05.

Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws

A-2

SECTION 1.06.

Directors

A-2

SECTION 1.07.

Officers

A-2

ARTICLE II

Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the
    Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates

SECTION 2.01.

Effect on Capital Stock

A-2

SECTION 2.02.

Exchange of Certificates

A-3

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties

SECTION 3.01.

Representations and Warranties of the Company

A-4

SECTION 3.02.

Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub

A-22

ARTICLE IV

Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business

SECTION 4.01.

Conduct of Business

A-24

SECTION 4.02.

No Solicitation

A-28

ARTICLE V

Additional Agreements

SECTION 5.01.

Preparation of the Proxy Statement;
    Stockholders Meeting

A-29

SECTION 5.02.

Access to Information; Confidentiality

A-30

SECTION 5.03.

Commercially Reasonable Efforts

A-30

SECTION 5.04.

Company Stock Options; ESPP

A-31

SECTION 5.05.

Indemnification, Advancement of Expenses,
    Exculpation and Insurance

A-32

SECTION 5.06.

Fees and Expenses

A-33

SECTION 5.07.

Public Announcements

A-34

SECTION 5.08.

Stockholder Litigation

A-34

SECTION 5.09.

Employee Matters

A-34

SECTION 5.10.

Company Notes and Company Preferred Stock

A-35

SECTION 5.11.

Consents and Other Action

A-35

A-i



Page

ARTICLE VI

Conditions Precedent

SECTION 6.01.

Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to
    Effect the Merger

A-35

SECTION 6.02.

Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub

A-35

SECTION 6.03.

Conditions to Obligation of the Company

A-36

SECTION 6.04.

Frustration of Closing Conditions

A-36

ARTICLE VII

Termination, Amendment and Waiver

SECTION 7.01.

Termination

A-36

SECTION 7.02.

Effect of Termination

A-37

SECTION 7.03.

Amendment

A-37

SECTION 7.04.

Extension; Waiver

A-37

SECTION 7.05.

Procedure for Termination or Amendment

A-37

ARTICLE VIII

General Provisions

SECTION 8.01.

Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties

A-38

SECTION 8.02.

Notices

A-38

SECTION 8.03.

Definitions

A-38

SECTION 8.04.

Interpretation

A-39

SECTION 8.05.

Consents and Approvals

A-39

SECTION 8.06.

Counterparts

A-39

SECTION 8.07.

Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries

A-40

SECTION 8.08.

GOVERNING LAW

A-40

SECTION 8.09.

Assignment

A-40

SECTION 8.10.

Specific Enforcement; Consent to Jurisdiction

A-40

SECTION 8.11.

Severability

A-40

SECTION 8.12.

Performance by Sub

A-40

Annex I   Index of Defined Terms

Exhibit A  Restated Certificate of
    Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation

A-ii



AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this
    Agreement) dated as of February 10, 2003, among
    JOHNSON & JOHNSON, a New Jersey corporation
    (Parent), SATURN MERGER SUB, INC., a Delaware
    corporation and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent
    (Sub), and SCIOS INC., a Delaware corporation (the
    Company).

WHEREAS the Board of Directors of each of the
Company and Sub has approved and declared advisable, and the
Board of Directors of Parent has approved, this Agreement and
the merger of Sub with and into the Company (the
Merger), upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, whereby (a) each
issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value $.001
per share, of the Company (Company Common Stock),
other than the Appraisal Shares and shares of Company Common
Stock directly owned by Parent, Sub or the Company, will be
converted into the right to receive $45.00 in cash and
(b) each issued and outstanding share of Series B
preferred stock, par value $.001 per share, of the Company
(Company Preferred Stock), other than the Appraisal
Shares and shares of Company Preferred Stock directly owned by
Parent, Sub or the Company, will be converted into the right to
receive $4,500.00 in cash; and

WHEREAS Parent, Sub and the Company desire to
make certain representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained
in this Agreement, and subject to the conditions set forth
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

The Merger

SECTION 1.01.     
The
Merger.
 Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL),
Sub shall be merged with and into the Company at the Effective
Time. Following the Effective Time, the separate corporate
existence of Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as
the surviving corporation in the Merger (the Surviving
Corporation) and shall succeed to and assume all the
rights and obligations of Sub in accordance with the DGCL.

SECTION
1.02.     
Closing.
 The closing
of the Merger (the Closing) will take place at
10:00 a.m. on a date to be specified by the parties, which
shall be no later than the second business day after
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VI (other than those
conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the
Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent
permitted by law) waiver of those conditions), at the offices of
Cravath, Swaine & Moore, Worldwide Plaza, 825 Eighth Avenue,
New York, New York 10019, unless another time, date or place is
agreed to in writing by Parent and the Company; 
provided
,

however
, that if all the conditions set forth in
Article VI shall not have been satisfied or (to the extent
permitted by law) waived on such second business day, then the
Closing shall take place on the first business day on which all
such conditions shall have been satisfied or (to the extent
permitted by law) waived. The date on which the Closing occurs
is referred to in this Agreement as the Closing Date.

SECTION
1.03.     
Effective Time.

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon as
practicable on the Closing Date, the parties shall file with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a certificate of
merger (the Certificate of Merger) executed and
acknowledged by the parties in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the DGCL and, as soon as practicable on or after
the Closing Date, shall make all other filings or recordings
required under the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective upon
the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware, or at such other time as Parent
and the Company shall agree and shall specify in the Certificate
of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being the
Effective Time).

A-1



SECTION
1.04.     
Effects of the Merger.

The Merger shall have the effects set forth in Section 259
of the DGCL.

SECTION
1.05.     
Certificate of
Incorporation and By-laws.
 (a) The Restated Certificate
of Incorporation of the Company (the Company
Certificate) shall be amended at the Effective Time to be
in the form of Exhibit A and, as so amended, such Company
Certificate shall be the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended
as provided therein or by applicable law.

(b) The By-laws of Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the By-laws of
the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as
provided therein or by applicable law.

SECTION
1.06.     
Directors.
 The
directors of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier
of their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

SECTION
1.07.     
Officers.
 The officers
of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the officers of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier of
their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

ARTICLE II

Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of
the

Constituent Corporations; Exchange of
Certificates

SECTION
2.01.     
Effect on Capital
Stock.
 At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of
Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock or any shares of
capital stock of Parent or Sub:

(a) 
Capital Stock of Sub.
 Each issued
    and outstanding share of capital stock of Sub shall be converted
    into and become one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
    share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the
    Surviving Corporation.

(b) 
Cancellation of Treasury Stock and
    Parent-Owned Stock.
 Each share of Company Common Stock and
    Company Preferred Stock that is directly owned by the Company,
    Parent or Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
    automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and no
    consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

(c) 
Conversion of Company Common Stock
    and Company Preferred Stock.
 Each share of Company Common
    Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
    Time (other than shares to be canceled in accordance with
    Section 2.01(b) and the Appraisal Shares) shall be
    converted into the right to receive $45.00 in cash, without
    interest (the Common Stock Merger Consideration).
    Each share of Company Preferred Stock issued and outstanding
    immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to be
    canceled in accordance with Section 2.01(b) and the
    Appraisal Shares) shall be converted into the right to receive
    $4,500.00 in cash, without interest, which is equivalent to the
    Common Stock Merger Consideration on an as converted basis (the
    Preferred Stock Merger Consideration and, together
    with the Common Stock Merger Consideration, the Merger
    Consideration). At the Effective Time, all such shares of
    Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock shall no longer
    be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall
    cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate which
    immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any such
    shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock (each,
    a Certificate) shall cease to have any rights with
    respect thereto, except the right to receive the Common Stock
    Merger Consideration or the Preferred Stock Merger
    Consideration, respectively. The right of any holder of a
    Certificate to receive the applicable Merger Consideration shall
    be subject to and reduced by the amount of any withholding that
    is required under applicable tax law.

A-2



(d) 
Appraisal Rights.
 Notwithstanding
    anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares (the
    Appraisal Shares) of Company Common Stock or Company
    Preferred Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
    Effective Time that are held by any holder who is entitled to
    demand and properly demands appraisal of such Appraisal Shares
    pursuant to, and who complies in all respects with, the
    provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL
    (Section 262) shall not be converted into the
    right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in
    Section 2.01(c), but instead such holder shall be entitled
    to payment of the fair value of such Appraisal Shares in
    accordance with the provisions of Section 262. At the
    Effective Time, all Appraisal Shares shall no longer be
    outstanding, shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to
    exist, and each holder of Appraisal Shares shall cease to have
    any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the
    fair value of such Appraisal Shares in accordance with the
    provisions of Section 262. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
    if any such holder shall fail to perfect or otherwise shall
    waive, withdraw or lose the right to appraisal under
    Section 262, or a court of competent jurisdiction shall
    determine that such holder is not entitled to the relief
    provided by Section 262, then the right of such holder to
    be paid the fair value of such holders Appraisal Shares
    under Section 262 shall cease and such Appraisal Shares
    shall be deemed to have been converted at the Effective Time
    into, and shall have become, the right to receive the Merger
    Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(c). The Company
    shall serve prompt notice to Parent of any demands for appraisal
    of any shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred
    Stock, and Parent shall have the right to participate in and
    direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such
    demands. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall not,
    without the prior written consent of Parent, voluntarily make
    any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any
    such demands, or agree to do any of the foregoing.

SECTION
2.02.     
Exchange of
Certificates.
 (a) 
Paying
Agent.
     Prior to the Effective
Time, Parent shall appoint JPMorgan Chase or another comparable
bank or trust company to act as paying agent (the Paying
Agent) for the payment of the Merger Consideration. At the
Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or cause the Surviving
Corporation to deposit, with the Paying Agent, for the benefit
of the holders of Certificates, cash in an amount sufficient to
pay the aggregate Merger Consideration required to be paid
pursuant to Section 2.01(c) (such cash being hereinafter
referred to as the Exchange Fund). The Exchange Fund
shall not be used for any other purpose.

(b) 
Exchange Procedures.
 As soon as
practicable (but not later than five (5) business days)
after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to
mail to each holder of record of a Certificate (i) a form
of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery
shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificates to the Paying Agent and which shall be in customary
form) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the
surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger
Consideration. Each holder of record of a Certificate shall,
upon surrender to the Paying Agent of such Certificate, together
with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, and such other
documents as may reasonably be required by the Paying Agent, be
entitled to receive in exchange therefor the amount of cash
which the number of shares of Company Common Stock or Company
Preferred Stock previously represented by such Certificate shall
have been converted into the right to receive pursuant to
Section 2.01(c), and the Certificate so surrendered shall
forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership
of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock which is not
registered in the transfer records of the Company, payment of
the Merger Consideration may be made to a person other than the
person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is
registered if such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or
otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the person
requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes
required by reason of the payment of the Merger Consideration to
a person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or
establish to the reasonable satisfaction of Parent that such tax
has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as
contemplated by this Section 2.02(b), each Certificate
shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to
represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the
Merger Consideration which the holder thereof has the right to
receive in respect of such Certificate pursuant to this
Article II. No interest shall be paid or will accrue on any
cash payable to holders of Certificates pursuant to the
provisions of this Article II.

A-3



(c) 
No Further Ownership Rights in
Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock.
 All cash
paid upon the surrender of Certificates in accordance with the
terms of this Article II shall be deemed to have been paid
in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of
Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock formerly
represented by such Certificates. At the close of business on
the day on which the Effective Time occurs, the stock transfer
books of the Company shall be closed, and there shall be no
further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of
the Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock
and Company Preferred Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, any
Certificate is presented to the Surviving Corporation for
transfer, it shall be canceled against delivery of cash to the
holder thereof as provided in this Article II.

(d) 
Termination of the Exchange Fund.

Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to
the holders of the Certificates for six months after the
Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand, and
any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore
complied with this Article II shall thereafter look only to
Parent for, and Parent shall remain liable for, payment of their
claim for the Merger Consideration.

(e) 
No Liability.
 None of Parent,
Sub, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent
shall be liable to any person in respect of any cash from the
Exchange Fund properly delivered to a public official pursuant
to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. If
any Certificate shall not have been surrendered immediately
prior to the date on which any Merger Consideration would
otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental
Entity, any such Merger Consideration shall, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, become the property of Parent, free
and clear of all claims or interest of any person previously
entitled thereto.

(f) 
Investment of Exchange Fund.
 The
Paying Agent shall invest the cash in the Exchange Fund as
directed by Parent. Any interest and other income resulting from
such investments shall be paid to and be income of Parent.

(g) 
Lost Certificates.
 If any
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by
Parent, the posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable
amount as Parent may direct as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the
Paying Agent shall deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed Certificate the applicable Merger Consideration with
respect thereto.

(h) 
Withholding
Rights.
     Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to
this Agreement to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock
or Company Preferred Stock such amounts as Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent is required to deduct and
withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code), or any provision of state, local or foreign
tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld and paid
over to the appropriate taxing authority by Parent, the
Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent, such withheld amounts
shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having
been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Common Stock or
Company Preferred Stock in respect of which such deduction and
withholding was made by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the
Paying Agent.

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties

SECTION 3.01. 
Representations and
Warranties of the
Company.
     Except as disclosed in
the Company SEC Documents filed by the Company and publicly
available prior to the date of this Agreement (the Filed
Company SEC Documents) or as set forth in the disclosure
schedule (with specific reference to the particular Section or
subsection of this Agreement to which the information set forth
in such disclosure schedule relates; provided, however, that any
information set forth in one section

A-4



of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall be
deemed to apply to each other Section or subsection thereof or
hereof to which its relevance is apparent on its face) delivered
by the Company to Parent prior to the execution of this
Agreement (the Company Disclosure Schedule), the
Company represents and warrants to Parent and Sub as follows:

(a) 
Organization, Standing and Corporate
    Power.
     Each of the Company and
    its Subsidiaries has been duly organized, and is validly
    existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
    of its incorporation or formation, as the case may be, and has
    all requisite power and authority and possesses all governmental
    licenses, permits, authorizations and approvals necessary to
    enable it to use its corporate or other name and to own, lease
    or otherwise hold and operate its properties and other assets
    and to carry on its business as presently conducted, except
    where the failure to have such government licenses, permits,
    authorizations or approvals individually or in the aggregate has
    not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly
    qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing in
    each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
    ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
    qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such
    jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed
    individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
    Company has made available to Parent, prior to the execution of
    this Agreement, complete and accurate copies of the Company
    Certificate and its By-laws (the Company By-laws),
    and the comparable organizational documents of each of its
    Subsidiaries, in each case as amended to the date hereof. The
    Company has made available to Parent complete and accurate
    copies of the minutes (or, in the case of minutes that have not
    yet been finalized, drafts thereof (if available)) of all
    meetings of the stockholders of the Company and each of its
    Subsidiaries, the Board of Directors of the Company and each of
    its Subsidiaries and the committees of each of such Board of
    Directors, in each case held since January 1, 2001 and
    prior to the date hereof.

(b) 
Subsidiaries.
     Section 3.01(b)
    of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each of the
    Subsidiaries of the Company and, for each such Subsidiary, the
    state of incorporation or formation and, as of the date hereof,
    each jurisdiction in which such Subsidiary is qualified or
    licensed to do business. All the issued and outstanding shares
    of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, each such
    Subsidiary have been validly issued and are fully paid and
    nonassessable and are owned directly or indirectly by the
    Company free and clear of all pledges, liens, charges,
    encumbrances or security interests of any kind or nature
    whatsoever (collectively, Liens), and free of any
    restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of
    such capital stock or other equity interests. Except for the
    capital stock of, or voting securities or equity interests in,
    its Subsidiaries, the Company does not own, directly or
    indirectly, any capital stock of, or other voting securities or
    equity interests in, any corporation, partnership, joint
    venture, association or other entity.

(c) 
Capital
    Structure.
     The authorized
    capital stock of the Company consists of 150,000,000 shares
    of Company Common Stock and 20,000,000 shares of preferred
    stock, par value $.001 per share (of which 50,000 shares
    have been designated as Company Preferred Stock). At the close
    of business on January 31, 2003,
    (i) 47,042,335 shares of Company Common Stock were
    issued and outstanding, (ii) 261,800 shares of Company
    Common Stock were held by the Company in its treasury,
    (iii) 3,093,355 shares of Company Common Stock were
    reserved and available for issuance pursuant to the
    Companys 1996 Non-Officer Stock Option Plan, as amended,
    1992 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and 2001 Employee Stock
    Purchase Plan (the ESPP) (such plans, collectively,
    the Company Stock Plans), and 7,749,446 shares
    of Company Common Stock were subject to outstanding Company
    Stock Options (other than rights under the ESPP), and no shares
    of Company Common Stock were subject to vesting and restrictions
    on transfer (collectively, Company Restricted
    Stock), (iv) 499,100 shares of Company Common
    Stock were reserved for issuance and issuable upon conversion of
    the Company Preferred Stock, (v) 3,816,793 shares of
    Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance and issuable
    upon conversion of the 5.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes due
    2009 of the Company (the Company Notes),
    (vi) 4,991 shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued or
    outstanding, (vii) no other shares of preferred stock of
    the Company were issued or

A-5



outstanding or were held by the Company as
    treasury shares and (viii) warrants to acquire
    700,000 shares of Company Common Stock from the Company
    pursuant to the warrant agreements set forth on
    Section 3.01(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and
    previously delivered in complete and correct form to Parent (the
    Warrants) were issued and outstanding. Except as set
    forth above in this Section 3.01(c), at the close of
    business on January 31, 2003, no shares of capital stock or
    other voting securities or equity interests of the Company were
    issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. There are no
    outstanding stock appreciation rights, phantom stock
    rights, performance units, rights to receive shares of Company
    Common Stock on a deferred basis or other rights (other than
    Company Preferred Stock, Company Notes, Company Stock Options
    and Warrants) that are linked to the value of Company Common
    Stock (collectively, Company Stock-Based Awards).
    Section 3.01(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets
    forth a complete and accurate list, as of February 6, 2003,
    of all outstanding options to purchase shares of Company Common
    Stock (collectively, Company Stock Options) and all
    outstanding Company Stock-Based Awards, granted under the
    Company Stock Plans or otherwise (other than rights under the
    ESPP), and all outstanding Warrants, the number of shares of
    Company Common Stock (or other stock) subject thereto, the grant
    dates, expiration dates, exercise or base prices (if applicable)
    and vesting schedules thereof and the names of the holders
    thereof. All outstanding Company Stock Options (other than
    rights under the ESPP) and shares of Company Restricted Stock
    are evidenced by stock option agreements, restricted stock
    purchase agreements or other award agreements, in each case in
    the forms set forth in Section 3.01(c) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule, and no stock option agreement, restricted
    stock purchase agreement or other award agreement contains terms
    that are inconsistent with such forms. Each Company Stock Option
    intended to qualify as an incentive stock option
    under Section 422 of the Code so qualifies and the exercise
    price of each other Company Stock Option is no less than the
    fair market value of a share of Company Common Stock as
    determined on the date of grant of such Company Stock Option. As
    of the close of business on January 31, 2003, there were
    outstanding Company Stock Options (other than rights under the
    ESPP) to purchase 7,749,446 shares of Company Common Stock
    with exercise prices on a per share basis lower than the Common
    Stock Merger Consideration, and the weighted average exercise
    price of such Company Stock Options was equal to $18.46. The
    maximum number of shares of Company Common Stock that could be
    purchased with accumulated payroll deductions under the ESPP at
    the close of business of May 30, 2003 and November 28,
    2003 (assuming the fair market value of a share of Company
    Common Stock on such dates is equal to the Common Stock Merger
    Consideration and payroll deductions continue at the current
    rate) is 112,792 and 70,190, respectively. As of the close of
    business on January 31, 2003, there were outstanding
    Warrants to purchase 700,000 shares of Company Common Stock
    with exercise prices on a per share basis lower than the Common
    Stock Merger Consideration. All outstanding shares of capital
    stock of the Company are, and all shares which may be issued
    pursuant to the Company Preferred Stock, Company Notes, Company
    Stock Options, Company Stock-Based Awards or the Warrants will
    be, when issued in accordance with the terms thereof, duly
    authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not
    subject to preemptive rights. Except for the Company Notes,
    there are no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of
    the Company having the right to vote (or convertible into, or
    exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any
    matters on which stockholders of the Company may vote. Except as
    set forth above in this Section 3.01(c), (x) there are
    not issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding (A) any
    shares of capital stock or other voting securities or equity
    interests of the Company, (B) any securities of the Company
    convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of
    capital stock or other voting securities or equity interests of
    the Company or (C) any warrants, calls, options or other
    rights to acquire from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
    and no obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
    issue, any capital stock, voting securities, equity interests or
    securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
    capital stock or voting securities of the Company and
    (y) there are not any outstanding obligations of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or
    otherwise acquire any such securities or to issue, deliver or
    sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any such
    securities. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a
    party to any voting agreement with respect to the voting of any
    such securities.

A-6



Except as set forth above in this
    Section 3.01(c), there are no outstanding
    (1) securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of
    capital stock or voting securities or equity interests of any
    Subsidiary of the Company, (2) warrants, calls, options or
    other rights to acquire from the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries, and no obligation of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock, voting securities,
    equity interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable
    or exercisable for capital stock or voting securities of any
    Subsidiary of the Company or (3) obligations of the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
    acquire any such outstanding securities or to issue, deliver or
    sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any such
    securities.

(d) 
Authority;
    Noncontravention.
     The Company
    has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and
    deliver this Agreement and, subject to receipt of the
    Stockholder Approval, to consummate the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of
    this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the
    Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
    been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
    part of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on the
    part of the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
    to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject, in
    the case of the consummation of the Merger, to the obtaining of
    the Stockholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed
    and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due
    authorization, execution and delivery by each of the other
    parties hereto, constitutes a legal, valid and binding
    obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
    accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
    fraudulent transfer, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws
    affecting the rights of creditors generally and the availability
    of equitable remedies (regardless of whether such enforceability
    is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). The Board of
    Directors of the Company, at a meeting duly called and held at
    which all directors of the Company were present, duly and
    unanimously adopted resolutions (i) approving and declaring
    advisable this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) declaring that it is
    in the best interests of the stockholders of the Company that
    the Company enter into this Agreement and consummate the Merger
    and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the
    terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,
    (iii) directing that the adoption of this Agreement be
    submitted as promptly as practicable to a vote at a meeting of
    the stockholders of the Company and (iv) recommending that
    the stockholders of the Company adopt this Agreement, which
    resolutions, as of the date of this Agreement, have not been
    subsequently rescinded, modified or withdrawn in any way. The
    execution and delivery of this Agreement do not, and the
    consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement and compliance by the Company and
    its Subsidiaries with the provisions of this Agreement will not,
    (x) conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of,
    or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
    under, the Company Certificate or the Company By-laws or the
    comparable organizational documents of any of its Subsidiaries,
    (y) conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of,
    or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
    under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
    acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of a benefit
    under, or result in the creation of any Lien in or upon any of
    the properties or other assets of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries under, any loan or credit agreement, bond,
    debenture, note, mortgage, indenture, lease, supply agreement,
    license agreement, development agreement or other contract,
    agreement, obligation, commitment, instrument, franchise or
    license, whether oral or written (each, including all amendments
    thereto, a Contract), to which the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries is a party or any of their respective
    properties or other assets is subject or (z) subject to the
    governmental filings, the obtaining of the Stockholder Approval
    and the other matters referred to in the following sentence,
    conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of, or
    default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
    under, any (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation
    applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their
    respective properties or other assets or (B) order, writ,
    injunction, decree, judgment or stipulation, in each case
    applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their
    respective properties or other assets, other than, in the case
    of clauses (y) and (z), any such conflicts, violations,

A-7



breaches, defaults, rights, losses or Liens that
    individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No
    consent, approval, order or authorization of, action by or in
    respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
    Federal, state, local or foreign government, any court,
    administrative, regulatory or other governmental agency,
    commission or authority or any non-governmental self-regulatory
    agency, commission or authority (each, a Governmental
    Entity) is required by or with respect to the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and
    delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation of
    the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement, except for (1) the filing of a premerger
    notification and report form by the Company under the
    Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
    amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the HSR
    Act), and the receipt, termination or expiration, as
    applicable, of approvals or waiting periods required under the
    HSR Act or any other applicable competition, merger control,
    antitrust or similar law or regulation, (2) the filing with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) of
    (A) a proxy statement relating to the adoption by the
    stockholders of the Company of this Agreement (as amended or
    supplemented from time to time, the Proxy Statement)
    and (B) such reports under the Securities Exchange Act of
    1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), as may be
    required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement, (3) the filing of the
    Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State
    of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant
    authorities of other states in which the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries is qualified to do business, (4) any filings
    required under the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq National
    Market and (5) such other consents, approvals, orders,
    authorizations, actions, registrations, declarations and filings
    the failure of which to be obtained or made individually or in
    the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected
    to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) 
Company SEC
    Documents.
     The Company has
    filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
    documents (including exhibits and other information incorporated
    therein) with the SEC required to be filed by the Company since
    January 1, 2001 (the Company SEC Documents). As
    of their respective filing dates, the Company SEC Documents
    complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
    Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
    Act), or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the
    rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder
    applicable to such Company SEC Documents, and none of the
    Company SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a
    material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
    stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
    therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
    made, not misleading. Except to the extent that information
    contained in any Company SEC Document has been revised, amended,
    supplemented or superseded by a later-filed Company SEC
    Document, none of the Company SEC Documents contains any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact
    required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
    statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
    they were made, not misleading. The financial statements
    (including the related notes) of the Company included in the
    Company SEC Documents complied at the time they were filed as to
    form in all material respects with applicable accounting
    requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC
    with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with
    generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
    (GAAP) (except, in the case of unaudited statements,
    as permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC) applied on
    a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be
    indicated in the notes thereto) and each fairly presented in all
    material respects the consolidated financial position of the
    Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates
    thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and
    cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of
    unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).
    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
    liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued,
    absolute, contingent or otherwise) which individually or in the
    aggregate have had or would reasonably be expected to have a
    Material Adverse Effect. None of the Subsidiaries of the Company
    are, or have at any time since January 1, 2001 been,
    subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13(a) and
    15(d) of the Exchange Act.

A-8



(f) 
Information
    Supplied.
     None of the
    information supplied or to be supplied by the Company
    specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
    Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to the
    stockholders of the Company and at the time of the
    Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
    material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
    stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
    therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
    made, not misleading, except that no representation or warranty
    is made by the Company with respect to statements made or
    incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied
    by or on behalf of Parent or Sub for inclusion or incorporation
    by reference in the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement will
    comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements
    of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(g) 
Absence of Certain Changes or
    Events.
 Except for liabilities incurred in connection with
    this Agreement or as expressly permitted pursuant to
    Section 4.01(a)(i) through (xvi), since the date of the
    most recent financial statements included in the Filed Company
    SEC Documents, the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted
    their respective businesses only in the ordinary course
    consistent with past practice, and there has not been any
    Material Adverse Change, and from such date until the date
    hereof there has not been (i) any declaration, setting
    aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution (whether
    in cash, stock or property) with respect to any capital stock of
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than dividends or
    distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of
    the Company to its shareholders, (ii) any purchase,
    redemption or other acquisition by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries of any shares of capital stock or any other
    securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
    options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire such shares or
    other securities, (iii) any split, combination or
    reclassification of any capital stock of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries or any issuance or the authorization of any
    issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
    substitution for shares of their respective capital stock,
    (iv) (A) any granting by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries to any current or former director, officer,
    employee or consultant of the Company or its Subsidiaries of any
    increase in compensation, bonus or fringe or other benefits or
    any granting of any type of compensation or benefits to any
    current or former director, officer, employee or consultant not
    previously receiving or entitled to receive such type of
    compensation or benefit, except for normal increases in cash
    compensation (including cash bonuses) in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice or as was required under
    any Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan in effect
    as of the date of the most recent financial statements included
    in the Filed Company SEC Documents, (B) any granting by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any current or former
    director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries of any right to receive any increase in
    severance or termination pay, or (C) any entry by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries into, or any amendments of,
    (1) any employment, deferred compensation, consulting,
    severance, change of control, termination or indemnification
    agreement or any other agreement with or involving any current
    or former director, officer, employee or consultant of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (2) any agreement
    with any current or former director, officer, employee or
    consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries the
    benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of which are
    materially altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction
    involving the Company of a nature contemplated by this Agreement
    (all such agreements under this clause (C), collectively,
    Company Benefit Agreements), (D) any adoption
    of, any amendment to or any termination of any Company Benefit
    Plan, or (E) any payment of any benefit under, or the grant
    of any award under, or any amendment to, or termination of, any
    bonus, incentive, performance or other compensation plan or
    arrangement, Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan
    (including in respect of stock options, phantom
    stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock,
    phantom stock rights, restricted stock units,
    deferred stock units, performance stock units or other
    stock-based or stock-related awards or the removal or
    modification of any restrictions in any Company Benefit
    Agreement or Company Benefit Plan or awards made thereunder)
    except as required to comply with applicable law or any Company
    Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan in effect as of the
    date of the most recent financial statements included in the
    Filed Company SEC Documents, 
provided
, that this clause

A-9



(iv) shall not apply with respect to any
    consultant of the Company who, as of the date of this Agreement,
    had not been paid more than $20,000 in one fiscal year by the
    Company, (v) any damage, destruction or loss, whether or
    not covered by insurance, that individually or in the aggregate
    has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect, (vi) any change in accounting methods,
    principles or practices by the Company materially affecting its
    assets, liabilities or businesses, except insofar as may have
    been required by a change in GAAP or (vii) any change in
    any material tax election or any settlement or compromise of any
    material income tax liability.

(h) 
Litigation.
 There is no suit,
    action or proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the
    Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets that
    individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any
    judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental
    Entity or arbitrator outstanding against, or, to the Knowledge
    of the Company, investigation by any Governmental Entity
    involving, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of
    their respective assets that individually or in the aggregate
    has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect.

(i) 
Contracts.
 Except with respect to
    licenses and other agreements relating to intellectual property,
    which are the subject of Section 3.01(p), as of the date
    hereof, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a
    party to, and none of their respective properties or other
    assets is subject to, any contract or agreement that is of a
    nature required to be filed as an exhibit to a report or filing
    under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and the rules and
    regulations promulgated thereunder. None of the Company, any of
    its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other
    party thereto is in material violation of or in default under
    (in each case with or without notice or lapse of time, or both)
    any of the Contracts set forth in Section 3.01(i)-(A) of
    the Company Disclosure Schedule. None of the Company, any of its
    Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other
    party thereto is in violation of or in default under (in each
    case with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) any
    Contract (other than the Contracts listed in
    Section 3.01(i)-(A) of the Company Disclosure Schedule), to
    which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties or
    other assets is bound, except for violations or defaults that
    individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into
    any Contract with any Affiliate of the Company that is currently
    in effect other than agreements that are disclosed in the Filed
    Company SEC Documents. Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party to or otherwise bound by any agreement
    or covenant restricting the Companys or any of its
    Subsidiaries ability to compete.

(j) 
Compliance with Laws; Environmental
    Matters.
 (i) Except with respect to Environmental Laws,
    the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
    (ERISA) and taxes, which are the subjects of
    Sections 3.01(j)(ii), 3.01(l) and 3.01(n), respectively,
    each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with
    all statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, judgments,
    orders and decrees of any Governmental Entity applicable to it,
    its properties or other assets or its business or operations
    (collectively, Legal Provisions), except for
    failures to be in compliance that individually or in the
    aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to
    have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries has in effect all approvals, authorizations,
    certificates, filings, franchises, licenses, notices and permits
    of or with all Governmental Entities (collectively,
    Permits), including all Permits under the Federal
    Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as amended (the
    FDCA), and the regulations of the Federal Food and
    Drug Administration (the FDA) promulgated
    thereunder, necessary for it to own, lease or operate its
    properties and other assets and to carry on its business and
    operations as presently conducted, except where the failure to
    have such Permits individually or in the aggregate has not had
    and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect. There has occurred no default under, or violation of,
    any such Permit, except for any such default or violation that
    individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
    consummation of the Merger, in and of itself, would not cause
    the revocation or cancellation of any

A-10



such Permit that individually or in the aggregate
    would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
    No action, demand, requirement or investigation by any
    Governmental Entity and no suit, action or proceeding by any
    other person, in each case with respect to the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or other
    assets under any Legal Provision, is pending or, to the
    Knowledge of the Company, threatened, other than, in each case,
    those the outcome of which individually or in the aggregate have
    not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect.

(ii) Except for those matters that
    individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:
    (A) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is, and has
    been, in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and
    has obtained and complied with all Permits required under any
    Environmental Laws to own, lease or operate its properties or
    other assets and to carry on its business and operations as
    presently conducted; (B) there have been no Releases or
    threatened Releases of Hazardous Materials in, on, under or
    affecting any properties currently or formerly owned, leased or
    operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
    (C) there is no investigation, suit, claim, action or
    proceeding pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company,
    threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries relating to or arising under Environmental Laws,
    and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
    any written notice of any such investigation, suit, claim,
    action or proceeding; (D) neither the Company nor any of
    its Subsidiaries has entered into or assumed by contract or
    operation of law or otherwise, any obligation, liability, order,
    settlement, judgment, injunction or decree relating to or
    arising under Environmental Laws; and (E) to the Knowledge
    of the Company, there are no facts, circumstances or conditions
    that would reasonably be expected to form the basis for any
    investigation, suit, claim, action, proceeding or liability
    against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    relating to or arising under Environmental Laws. The term
    Environmental Laws means all Federal, state, local
    and foreign laws (including the common law), statutes, rules,
    regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments,
    injunctions, notices, Permits, treaties or binding agreements
    issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Entity,
    relating in any way to the environment, preservation or
    reclamation of natural resources or endangered species, the
    presence, management, Release or threat of Release of, or
    exposure to, Hazardous Materials, or to human health and safety.
    The term Hazardous Materials means
    (1) petroleum products and by-products, asbestos and
    asbestos-containing materials, urea formaldehyde foam
    insulation, medical or infectious wastes, polychlorinated
    biphenyls, radon gas, radioactive substances,
    chlorofluorocarbons and all other ozone-depleting substances or
    (2) any chemical, material, substance, waste, pollutant or
    contaminant that is prohibited, limited or regulated by or
    pursuant to any Environmental Law. The term Release
    means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting,
    emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping,
    disposing or migrating into or through the environment or any
    natural or man-made structure.

(k) 
Absence of Changes in Company Benefit
    Plans; Labor Relations.
 Except as expressly permitted
    pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(i) through (xvi), since the
    date of the most recent financial statements included in the
    Filed Company SEC Documents, there has not been any adoption or
    amendment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any
    collective bargaining agreement or any employment, bonus,
    pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive
    compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock
    appreciation, restricted stock, stock option,
    phantom stock, performance, retirement, thrift,
    savings, stock bonus, paid time off, perquisite, fringe benefit,
    vacation, severance, disability, death benefit, hospitalization,
    medical, welfare benefit or other plan, program, policy,
    arrangement or understanding (whether or not legally binding)
    maintained, contributed to or required to be maintained or
    contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
    other person or entity that, together with the Company, is
    treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m)
    or (o) of the Code (each, a Commonly Controlled
    Entity), in each case providing benefits to any current or
    former director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company
    Benefit Plans), or any material change in any actuarial or
    other assumption used to calculate funding obligations with
    respect to any Company

A-11



Pension Plans, or any change in the manner in
    which contributions to any Company Pension Plans are made or the
    basis on which such contributions are determined, other than
    amendments or other changes as required to ensure that such
    Company Benefit Plan is not then out of compliance with
    applicable law, or reasonably determined by the Company to be
    necessary or appropriate to preserve the qualified status of a
    Company Pension Plan under Section 401(a) of the Code.
    There exist no currently binding Company Benefit Agreements.
    There are no collective bargaining or other labor union
    agreements to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
    party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
    bound. As of the date hereof, none of the employees of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries are represented by any union
    with respect to their employment by the Company or such
    Subsidiary. As of the date hereof, since January 1, 2001,
    neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has experienced
    any labor disputes, union organization attempts or work
    stoppages, slowdowns or lockouts due to labor disagreements.

(l) 
ERISA Compliance.

    (i) Section 3.01(l)(i) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of each Company
    Benefit Plan that is an employee pension benefit
    plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) (sometimes
    referred to herein as a Company Pension Plan), each
    Company Benefit Plan that is an employee welfare benefit
    plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and all
    other Company Benefit Plans. The Company has provided or made
    available to Parent complete and accurate copies of
    (A) each Company Benefit Plan (or, in the case of any
    unwritten Company Benefit Plans, descriptions thereof),
    (B) the two most recent annual reports on Form 5500
    required to be filed with the Internal Revenue Service (the
    IRS) with respect to each Company Benefit Plan (if
    any such report was required), (C) the most recent summary
    plan description for each Company Benefit Plan for which such
    summary plan description is required and (D) each trust
    agreement and insurance or group annuity contract relating to
    any Company Benefit Plan. Each Company Benefit Plan has been
    administered in all material respects in accordance with its
    terms. The Company, its Subsidiaries and all the Company Benefit
    Plans are all in compliance in all material respects with the
    applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other
    applicable laws, including laws of foreign jurisdictions, and
    the terms of all collective bargaining agreements.

(ii) All Company Pension Plans intended to
    be tax-qualified have received favorable determination letters
    from the IRS with respect to TRA (as defined in
    Section 1 of Rev. Proc. 93-39), and have timely filed
    with the IRS determination letter applications with respect to
    GUST (as defined in Section 1 of
    Notice 2001-42), to the effect that such Company Pension
    Plans are qualified and exempt from Federal income taxes under
    Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, no
    such determination letter has been revoked (or, to the Knowledge
    of the Company, has revocation been threatened) and no event has
    occurred since the date of the most recent determination letter
    or application therefor relating to any such Company Pension
    Plan that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the
    qualification of such Company Pension Plan or materially
    increase the costs relating thereto or require security under
    Section 307 of ERISA. In addition, all Company Pension
    Plans have been, or shall have been by the end of the 2002 plan
    year, amended to comply with the requirements of the Economic
    Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 which are or
    have become effective on or before the end of the 2002 plan
    year, as set forth in Notice 2001-42. All Company Pension Plans
    required to have been approved by any foreign Governmental
    Entity have been so approved, no such approval has been revoked
    (or, to the Knowledge of the Company, has revocation been
    threatened) and no event has occurred since the date of the most
    recent approval or application therefor relating to any such
    Company Pension Plan that would reasonably be expected to
    materially affect any such approval relating thereto or
    materially increase the costs relating thereto. The Company has
    delivered or made available to Parent a complete and accurate
    copy of the most recent determination letter received prior to
    the date hereof with respect to each Company Pension Plan, as
    well as a complete and accurate copy of each pending application
    for a determination letter, if any. The Company has also
    provided or made available to Parent a complete and accurate
    list of all amendments to any Company Pension Plan as to which a
    favorable determination letter has not yet been received.

A-12



(iii) Neither the Company nor any Commonly
    Controlled Entity has (A) maintained, contributed to or
    been required to contribute to any Company Benefit Plan that is
    subject to Title IV of ERISA or (B) has any
    unsatisfied liability under Title IV of ERISA.

(iv) All reports, returns and similar
    documents with respect to all Company Benefit Plans required to
    be filed with any Governmental Entity or distributed to any
    Company Benefit Plan participant have been duly and timely filed
    or distributed. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    has received notice of, and to the Knowledge of the Company,
    there are no investigations by any Governmental Entity with
    respect to, termination proceedings or other claims (except
    claims for benefits payable in the normal operation of the
    Company Benefit Plans), suits or proceedings against or
    involving any Company Benefit Plan or asserting any rights or
    claims to benefits under any Company Benefit Plan that would
    give rise to any material liability, and, to the Knowledge of
    the Company, there are not any facts that could give rise to any
    material liability in the event of any such investigation,
    claim, suit or proceeding.

(v) All contributions, premiums and benefit
    payments under or in connection with the Company Benefit Plans
    that are required to have been made as of the date hereof in
    accordance with the terms of the Company Benefit Plans have been
    timely made or have been reflected on the most recent
    consolidated balance sheet filed or incorporated by reference
    into the Filed Company SEC Documents. Neither any Company
    Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of any Commonly
    Controlled Entity has an accumulated funding
    deficiency (as such term is defined in Section 302 of
    ERISA or Section 412 of the Code), whether or not waived.

(vi) With respect to each Company Benefit
    Plan, (A) there has not occurred any prohibited transaction
    (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or
    Section 4975 of the Code) in which the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries or any of their respective employees, or, to
    the Knowledge of the Company, any trustee, administrator or
    other fiduciary of such Company Benefit Plan, or any agent of
    the foregoing, has engaged that would reasonably be expected to
    subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
    respective employees, or a trustee, administrator or other
    fiduciary of any trust created under any Company Benefit Plan,
    to the tax or penalty on prohibited transactions imposed by
    Section 4975 of the Code or the sanctions imposed under
    Title I of ERISA and (B) neither the Company nor any
    of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any
    trustee, administrator or other fiduciary of any Company Benefit
    Plan nor any agent of any of the foregoing, has engaged in any
    transaction or acted in a manner, or failed to act in a manner,
    that would reasonably be expected to subject the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any
    trustee, administrator or other fiduciary, to any liability for
    breach of fiduciary duty under ERISA or any other applicable
    law. No Company Benefit Plan or related trust has been
    terminated, nor has there been any reportable event
    (as that term is defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) for
    which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been waived with
    respect to any Company Benefit Plan during the last five years,
    and no notice of a reportable event will be required to be filed
    in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement.

(vii) Section 3.01(l)(vii) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule discloses whether each Company
    Benefit Plan that is an employee welfare benefit plan is
    (A) unfunded or self-insured, (B) funded through a
    welfare benefit fund, as such term is defined in
    Section 419(e) of the Code, or other funding mechanism or
    (C) insured. Each such employee welfare benefit plan may be
    amended or terminated (including with respect to benefits
    provided to retirees and other former employees) without
    material liability (other than benefits then payable under such
    plan without regard to such amendment or termination) to the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries at any time after the
    Effective Time. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
    complies in all material respects with the applicable
    requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the Code or any similar
    state statute with respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is
    a group health plan, as such term is defined in
    Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code or such state statute.
    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material
    obligations for retiree health or life insurance benefits under
    any Company Benefit Plan (other than for continuation coverage
    required under Section 4980(f) of the Code).

A-13



(viii) None of the execution and delivery of
    this Agreement, the obtaining of the Stockholder Approval or the
    consummation of the Merger or any other transaction expressly
    contemplated by this Agreement (including as a result of any
    termination of employment on or following the Effective Time)
    will (A) entitle any current or former director, officer,
    employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    to severance or termination pay, (B) accelerate the time of
    payment or vesting, or trigger any payment or funding (through a
    grantor trust or otherwise) of, compensation or benefits under,
    increase the amount payable or trigger any other material
    obligation pursuant to, any Company Benefit Plan or Company
    Benefit Agreement or (C) result in any breach or violation
    of, or a default under, any Company Benefit Plan or Company
    Benefit Agreement. The Companys good faith estimate as of
    the date hereof of the total amount of all payments and the fair
    market value of all non-cash benefits (other than Company Stock
    Options and Company Restricted Stock) that may become payable or
    provided to any director, officer, employee or consultant of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries under the Company Benefit
    Agreements (assuming for such purpose that such
    individuals employment were terminated immediately
    following the Effective Time as if the Effective Time were the
    date hereof) is set forth in Section 3.01(l)(viii) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule.

(ix) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has any material liability or obligations,
    including under or on account of a Company Benefit Plan, arising
    out of the hiring of persons to provide services to the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries and treating such persons as
    consultants or independent contractors and not as employees of
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(x) No deduction by the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries in respect of any applicable employee
    remuneration (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of
    the Code) has been disallowed or is subject to disallowance by
    reason of Section 162(m) of the Code.

(m) 
No Excess Parachute
    Payments.
     No amount or other
    entitlement or economic benefit that could be received (whether
    in cash or property or the vesting of property) as a result of
    the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the obtaining of
    the Stockholder Approval, the consummation of the Merger or any
    other transaction contemplated by this Agreement (including as a
    result of termination of employment on or following the
    Effective Time) by or for the benefit of any director, officer,
    employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Affiliates
    who is a disqualified individual (as such term is
    defined in proposed Treasury
    Regulation Section 1.280G-1) under any Company Benefit
    Plan, Company Benefit Agreement or otherwise would be
    characterized as an excess parachute payment (as
    such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code),
    and no disqualified individual is entitled to receive any
    additional payment from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
    the Surviving Corporation or any other person in the event that
    the excise tax required by Section 4999(a) of the Code is
    imposed on such disqualified individual. Section 3.01(m) of
    the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the Companys
    good faith estimate, calculated as of the date of this
    Agreement, (i) the base amount (as such term is
    defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) for the
    Companys chief executive officer and each other
    disqualified individual (defined as set forth above)
    (collectively, the Primary Company Executives) and
    (ii) the maximum amount of parachute payments
    as defined in Section 280G of the Code that could be paid
    or provided to each Primary Company Executive as a result of the
    execution and delivery of this Agreement, the obtaining of the
    Stockholder Approval, the consummation of the Merger or any
    other transaction contemplated by this Agreement (including as a
    result of any termination of employment on or following the
    Effective Time).

(n) 
Taxes.
     (i) Each
    of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed or has caused to
    be filed in a timely manner (within any applicable extension
    period) all tax returns required to be filed with any taxing
    authority pursuant to the Code (and any applicable U.S. Treasury
    regulations) or applicable state, local or foreign tax laws. All
    such tax returns are complete and accurate in all material
    respects. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has paid or
    caused to be paid (or the Company has paid on its behalf) all
    taxes due and owing, and the most recent financial statements
    contained in the Filed Company SEC Documents reflect an adequate
    reserve (determined in accordance with GAAP) (excluding any
    reserves for deferred taxes established to reflect timing
    differences between book and

A-14



tax income) for all taxes accrued and payable by
    the Company and its Subsidiaries for all taxable periods and
    portions thereof accrued through the date of such financial
    statements.

(ii) No tax return of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries is or has ever been under audit or examination
    by any taxing authority, and no written notice of such an audit
    or examination has been received by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries. The Company has received no notice of and
    otherwise has no knowledge of any deficiency, refund litigation,
    proposed adjustment or matter in controversy with respect to any
    material amount of taxes due and owing by the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries. Each deficiency resulting from any completed
    audit or examination relating to material taxes by any taxing
    authority has been timely paid or is being contested in good
    faith and has been reserved for on the books of the Company. No
    issues relating to taxes were raised by the relevant taxing
    authority in any completed audit or examination that could
    reasonably be expected to recur in a later taxable period and
    have a material effect on the Company in such later taxable
    period. There is no currently effective agreement or other
    document extending, or having the effect of extending, the
    period of assessment or collection of any taxes of the Company
    or its Subsidiaries, nor has any request been made in writing
    for any such extension, and no power of attorney (other than
    powers of attorney authorizing employees of the Company to act
    on behalf of the Company) with respect to any taxes has been
    executed or filed with any taxing authority.

(iii) None of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries will be required to include in a taxable period
    ending after the Effective Time a material amount of taxable
    income attributable to income that accrued (for purposes of the
    financial statements of the Company included in the Filed
    Company SEC Documents) in a prior taxable period (or portion of
    a taxable period) but was not recognized for tax purposes in any
    prior taxable period as a result of (A) an open transaction
    disposition made on or before the Effective Time, (B) a
    prepaid amount received on or prior to the Effective Time,
    (C) the installment method of accounting, (D) the
    completed contract method of accounting, (E) the long-term
    contract method of accounting, (F) the cash method of
    accounting or Section 481 of the Code or (G) any
    comparable provisions of state or local tax law, domestic or
    foreign, or for any other reason, other than any amounts that
    are specifically reflected in a reserve for taxes on the
    financial statements of the Company included in the Filed
    Company SEC Documents.

(iv) The Company and its Subsidiaries have
    complied with all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules
    and regulations relating to the payment and withholding of any
    material amount of taxes (including withholding of taxes
    pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 3121 and 3402 of the Code
    and similar provisions under any Federal, state, local or
    foreign tax laws) and have, within the time and the manner
    prescribed by law, withheld from and paid over to the proper
    governmental authorities all material amounts required to be so
    withheld and paid over under applicable laws.

(v) In the three (3) year period prior
    to the Effective Time, none of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries has constituted either a distributing
    corporation or a controlled corporation as
    such terms are defined in Section 355 of the Code in a
    distribution of stock outside of the affiliated group of which
    the Company is the common parent qualifying or intended to
    qualify for tax-free treatment (in whole or in part) under
    Section 355(a) or 361 of the Code.

(vi) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has filed a consent under Section 341 of the
    Code concerning collapsible corporations.

(vii) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries joins or has joined, for any taxable period in the
    filing of any affiliated, aggregate, consolidated, combined or
    unitary tax return other than consolidated tax returns for the
    consolidated group of which the Company is the common parent.
    None of the Company and its Subsidiaries has any liability for
    the Taxes of any Person (other than Taxes of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries) (i) under Treasury
    Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision
    of state, local or foreign law), (ii) as a transferee or
    successor, (iii) by contract or (iv) otherwise.

A-15



(viii) No claim has ever been made by any
    authority in a jurisdiction where any of the Company or its
    Subsidiaries does not file a tax return that it is, or may be,
    subject to a material amount of tax by that jurisdiction.

(ix) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any tax sharing
    agreement, tax indemnity obligation or similar agreement,
    arrangement or practice with respect to taxes (including any
    advance pricing agreement, closing agreement or other agreement
    relating to taxes with any taxing authority).

(x) No taxing authority has asserted in
    writing any material liens for taxes with respect to any assets
    or properties of the Company or its Subsidiaries, except for
    statutory liens for taxes not yet due and payable.

(xi) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has been a United States real property holding
    corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the
    Code during the applicable period specified in
    Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.

(xii) As used in this Agreement
    (A) tax or taxes shall include
    (whether disputed or not) all Federal, state, local and foreign
    income, property, sales, use, excise, withholding, payroll,
    employment, social security, capital gain, alternative minimum,
    transfer and other taxes and similar governmental charges,
    including any interest, penalties and additions with respect
    thereto; (B) taxing authority means any
    Federal, state, local or foreign government, any subdivision,
    agency, commission or authority thereof, or any
    quasi-governmental body exercising tax regulatory authority; and
    (C) tax return or tax returns means
    all returns, declarations of estimated tax payments, reports,
    estimates, information returns and statements (including any
    related or supporting information with respect to any of
    foregoing) filed or to be filed with any taxing authority in
    connection with the determination, assessment, collection or
    administration of any taxes.

(o) 
Title to
    Properties.
     (i) Each of
    the Company and its Subsidiaries has good and valid title to, or
    valid leasehold or sublease interests or other comparable
    contract rights in or relating to all of its properties and
    other assets necessary for the conduct of its business as
    currently conducted, except as have been disposed of in the
    ordinary course of business and except for defects in title,
    easements, restrictive covenants and similar encumbrances that
    individually or in the aggregate have not materially interfered
    with, and would not reasonably be expected to materially
    interfere with, its ability to conduct its business as presently
    conducted. All such properties and other assets, other than
    properties and other assets in which the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries has a leasehold or sublease interest or other
    comparable contract right, are free and clear of all Liens,
    except for Liens that individually or in the aggregate have not
    materially interfered with, and would not reasonably be expected
    to materially interfere with, the ability of the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries to conduct their respective businesses as
    presently conducted.

(ii) Each of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries has complied with the terms of all leases or
    subleases to which it is a party and under which it is in
    occupancy, and all leases to which the Company is a party and
    under which it is in occupancy are in full force and effect,
    except for such failure to comply or be in full force and effect
    that individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each
    of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in possession of the
    properties or assets purported to be leased under all its
    leases, except for such failure to be in possession that
    individually or in the aggregate has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received as
    lessee any written notice from the lessor of any event or
    occurrence that has resulted or could result (with or without
    the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) in a default
    with respect to any material lease or sublease to which it is a
    party.

(p) 
Intellectual Property.

    (i) Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule sets forth, as of the date hereof, a complete and
    accurate list of all patents and applications therefor,
    registered trademarks and applications therefor, domain name
    registrations and copyright registrations

A-16



(if any) owned by or licensed to the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries. Such intellectual property rights as
    listed in Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, together with any tradename rights, trade secret or
    know-how rights, service mark rights, rights in computer
    programs or software, or other type of intellectual property
    rights that are owned or licensed by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries and are material to the conduct of the business of
    the Company and its Subsidiaries, are collectively referred to
    herein as Intellectual Property Rights. All
    Intellectual Property Rights are either (x) owned by, or
    subject to an obligation of assignment to, the Company or a
    Subsidiary of the Company free and clear of all Liens or
    (y) licensed to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company
    free and clear (to the Knowledge of the Company) of all Liens.
    There are no claims pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
    threatened with regard to the ownership or licensing by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Intellectual Property
    Rights which individually or in the aggregate have had or would
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except
    as provided for in any agreement identified in
    Section 3.01(p)(v) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
    Company and its Subsidiaries have the legal power to convey to a
    successor all of their respective ownership and license
    interests in the Intellectual Property Rights.

(ii) To the Knowledge of the Company, the
    Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries have not been infringed, and are not being
    infringed, in a manner which individually or in the aggregate
    has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have used
    commercially reasonable efforts to investigate the potential
    infringement of any Intellectual Property Rights.

(iii) There are no pending or, to the
    Knowledge of the Company, threatened claims that the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries has infringed or is infringing
    (including with respect to the manufacture, use or sale by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any commercial products or
    to the operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries) any
    intellectual property rights of any person which individually or
    in the aggregate have had or would reasonably be expected to
    have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company,
    there is no intellectual property right or other legal right
    that could be asserted by a person to exclude or prevent the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries from freely using any
    intellectual property under its Intellectual Property Rights
    that is material to the conduct of the business of the Company
    and its Subsidiaries. To the Knowledge of the Company, there is
    no contractual, legal or other restriction on the use of any
    Intellectual Property Rights which are owned by or licensed to
    the Company, other than as set forth in the agreements
    identified in Section 3.01(p)(v) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule. The Company and its Subsidiaries have used
    commercially reasonable efforts to avoid infringing the valid,
    enforceable intellectual property rights of other persons, other
    than such infringements which individually or in the aggregate
    have not had or would not reasonably be expected to have a
    Material Adverse Effect.

(iv) The patent applications listed in
    Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule that
    are owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are (and
    such material applications that are licensed to the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries are to the Companys Knowledge
    after diligent review) pending and have not been abandoned, and
    have been and continue to be timely prosecuted. All patents,
    registered trademarks and applications therefor owned by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been (and all such
    material patents, registered trademarks and applications
    licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been to
    the Companys Knowledge after diligent review) duly
    registered and/or filed with or issued by each appropriate
    Governmental Entity in the jurisdiction indicated in
    Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all
    necessary affidavits of continuing use have been (or, with
    respect to material licenses, to the Companys Knowledge
    after diligent review have been) timely filed, and all necessary
    maintenance fees have been (or, with respect to material
    licenses, to the Companys Knowledge after diligent review
    have been) timely paid to continue all such rights in effect.
    None of the patents listed in Section 3.01(p)(i) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule that are owned by the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries has (and no such material patents that are
    licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have to the
    Companys Knowledge after diligent review) expired or been
    declared invalid, in whole or in part, by

A-17



any Governmental Entity. There are no ongoing
    interferences, oppositions, reissues, reexaminations or other
    proceedings involving any of the patents or patent applications
    listed in Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule and owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    (or, with respect to material patents or patent applications, to
    the Companys Knowledge after diligent review, licensed to
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), including ex parte and
    post-grant proceedings, in the United States Patent and
    Trademark Office or in any foreign patent office or similar
    administrative agency, other than such interferences,
    oppositions, reissues, reexaminations or proceedings that
    individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the
    Knowledge of the Company based on reasonable investigation,
    there are no published patents, patent applications, articles or
    other prior art references, or any other prior art or material
    information, that could adversely affect the validity or
    enforceability of any patent listed in Section 3.01(p)(i)
    of the Company Disclosure Schedule that relates to any of the
    Specified Compounds or that is otherwise material to the conduct
    of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries. Each of the
    patents and patent applications listed in
    Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule that
    are owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries properly
    identifies (and to the Knowledge of the Company based on
    reasonable investigation, such material patents and applications
    licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries properly
    identify) each and every inventor of the claims thereof as
    determined in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in
    which such patent is issued or such patent application is
    pending. Each inventor named on the patents and patent
    applications listed in Section 3.01(p)(i) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule that are owned by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries, alone or together with any joint owners, has
    executed (and such inventors named on such material patents and
    applications licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
    to the Companys Knowledge based on reasonable
    investigation, have executed) an agreement agreeing to assign or
    actually assigning his or her entire right, title and interest
    in and to such patent or patent application, and the inventions
    embodied and claimed therein, to the Company or a Subsidiary of
    the Company, alone or together with any joint owners as
    appropriate, or in the case of licensed Patents, to the
    appropriate owners from whom the Companys license rights
    have been duly conveyed. To the Knowledge of the Company based
    on reasonable investigation, no such inventor has any
    contractual or other obligation that would preclude any such
    assignment or otherwise conflict with the obligations of such
    inventor to the Company or such Subsidiary or appropriate owners
    under such agreement with the Company or such Subsidiary or such
    appropriate owners, as the case may be.

(v) Section 3.01(p)(v) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of
    all agreements with respect to any options, rights, licenses or
    interests of any kind relating to Intellectual Property Rights
    granted (x) to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    (other than agreements commonly generated in the ordinary course
    of business (including software licenses for generally available
    software, employee assignment agreements, nondisclosure
    agreements, consulting agreements, material transfer agreements,
    clinical trial agreements and evaluation agreements) that
    individually and in the aggregate have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect) or
    (y) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any other
    person (other than agreements commonly generated in the ordinary
    course of business (including software licenses for generally
    available software, employee assignment agreements,
    nondisclosure agreements, consulting agreements, material
    transfer agreements, clinical trial agreements and evaluation
    agreements) that individually and in the aggregate have not had
    and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect). There are no such options, rights, licenses or
    interests of any kind relating to Intellectual Property Rights
    other than as set forth in the agreements listed in
    Section 3.01(p)(v) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.
    Section 3.01(p)(v)-(A) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
    sets forth, as of the date hereof, all agreements under which
    the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is obligated to
    make payments (in any form, including royalties, milestones and
    other contingent payments) to third parties for use of any
    intellectual property rights with respect to the
    commercialization of any of the Specified Compounds.

A-18



(vi) The Company and its Subsidiaries have
    used reasonable efforts to maintain their material trade secrets
    in confidence, including entering into licenses and contracts
    that generally require licensees, contractors and other third
    persons with access to such trade secrets to keep such trade
    secrets confidential.

(vii) Section 3.01(p)(vii) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate
    list of each application or official request for any extension
    (i.e., under Hatch-Waxman) of the term of any patent owned or
    licensed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to
    any commercial product of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    that was subject to regulatory review, including an
    identification of the patent and the term extension requested.
    To the Knowledge of the Company, it or its Subsidiary (as the
    case may be) exercised due diligence during the regulatory
    review of each such product. To the Knowledge of the Company
    based on reasonable investigation, there is no information that
    would materially affect the eligibility of such patent for the
    full period of the term of the extension requested.

(viii) As used in this Section 3.01(p),
    Specified Compounds means the drug products or
    candidates being sold, manufactured, or developed by the Company
    that are set forth in Section 3.01(p)(viii) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule.

(q) 
Voting Requirements.
 The
    affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding
    shares of Company Common Stock at the Stockholders Meeting
    or any adjournment or postponement thereof to adopt this
    Agreement (the Stockholder Approval) is the only
    vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of
    the Company necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the
    transactions contemplated hereby.

(r) 
State Takeover Statutes; Company
    Certificate Provisions.
 The Board of Directors of the
    Company has unanimously approved the terms of this Agreement and
    the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement, and such approval represents all
    the action necessary to render inapplicable to this Agreement,
    the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement, the restrictions (i) on business
    combinations (as defined in Section 203 of the DGCL
    (Section 203)) set forth in Section 203
    and (ii) on Business Combinations (as defined
    in Article VII of the Company Certificate
    (Article VII)) set forth in Article VII,
    in each case to the extent, if any, such restrictions would
    otherwise be applicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the
    other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. For purposes
    of Article VII, the approval of the Board of Directors of
    the Company referred to in the immediately preceding sentence
    constitutes the approval of the Merger and the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the
    Continuing Directors (as defined in
    Article VII) pursuant to paragraph 1(a) of
    Article VII. No other state takeover statute or similar
    statute or regulation or similar provision of the Company
    Certificate or the Company By-laws applies or purports to apply
    to this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement.

(s) 
Brokers and Other Advisors.
 No
    broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person
    (other than JPMorgan Securities Inc.), the fees and expenses of
    which will be paid by the Company, is entitled to any
    brokers, finders, financial advisors or other
    similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by
    or on behalf of the Company. The Company has delivered to Parent
    complete and accurate copies of all agreements under which any
    such fees or expenses are payable and all indemnification and
    other agreements related to the engagement of the persons to
    whom such fees are payable. The fees and expenses of all
    accountants, brokers, financial advisors (including JPMorgan
    Securities Inc.) and legal counsel (including Latham &
    Watkins LLP) retained by the Company in connection with this
    Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby incurred or to
    be incurred by the Company will not exceed the fees and expenses
    set forth in Section 3.01(s) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule.

(t) 
Opinion of Financial Advisor.
 The
    Company has received the oral opinion of JPMorgan Securities
    Inc., dated the date hereof, to the effect that, as of such
    date, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point
    of view, to the holders of shares of Company Common Stock. A
    signed

A-19



copy of the written opinion confirming such oral
    opinion will be delivered to Parent promptly after delivery
    thereof to the Company.

(u) 
Development, Distribution, Marketing,
    Supply and Manufacturing Agreements.

    (i) Section 3.01(u) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
    sets forth, as of the date hereof, a complete and accurate list
    of all Contracts (other than arrangements with wholesalers
    entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with
    past practice) to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    is a party (x) relating to research, development,
    distribution, sale, supply, license, marketing or manufacturing
    of any product of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
    or any product or patent or other Intellectual Property Right
    licensed by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, in
    each case that have a remaining value of $250,000 or more
    individually, (y) relating to the distribution by third
    parties of any product of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
    Company or any product or patent or other Intellectual Property
    Right licensed by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
    and (z) entered into in connection with Biotechnology
    Research Partners, Ltd. The Company has made available to Parent
    a complete and accurate copy of each such Contract.

(ii) Section 3.01(u)(ii) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of
    all Contracts (other than arrangements with wholesalers entered
    into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice) to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
    party relating to the research, development, distribution, sale,
    supply, license, marketing or manufacturing of any product of
    the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any product,
    patent or other Intellectual Property Right licensed by the
    Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, which grant an
    exclusive right to such third party for the research,
    development, distribution, supply, license, marketing or
    manufacturing of any such product, patent or other Intellectual
    Property Right.

(v) 
Regulatory Compliance.

    (i) As to each product subject to the FDCA and the FDA
    regulations promulgated thereunder or similar Legal Provisions
    in any foreign jurisdiction that are developed, manufactured,
    tested, distributed and/or marketed by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries (each such product, a Medical Device, a
    Biologic or a Drug, as the case may be),
    each such Medical Device, Biologic or Drug is being developed,
    manufactured, tested, distributed and/or marketed in compliance
    with all applicable requirements under the FDCA and similar
    Legal Provisions, including those relating to investigational
    use, premarket clearance or marketing approval to market a
    Medical Device, and applications or abbreviated applications to
    market a new Biologic or a new Drug, good manufacturing
    practices, labeling, advertising, record keeping, filing of
    reports and security, and in compliance with the AMAs
    guidelines on gifts to physicians, except for failures in
    compliance that individually or in the aggregate have not had
    and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
    received any material notice or other material communication
    from the FDA or any other Governmental Entity
    (A) contesting the premarket clearance or approval of, the
    uses of or the labeling or promotion of any products of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) otherwise
    alleging any material violation applicable to any Medical
    Device, Biologic or Drug by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries of any Legal Provision.

(ii) No Medical Device, Biologic or Drug is
    under consideration for or has been recalled, withdrawn,
    suspended or discontinued (other than for commercial or other
    business reasons) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in
    the United States or outside the United States (whether
    voluntarily or otherwise). No proceedings in the United States
    or outside of the United States of which the Company has
    Knowledge (whether completed or pending) seeking the recall,
    withdrawal, suspension, seizure or discontinuance of any Medical
    Device, Biologic or Drug are pending against the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any
    licensee of any Medical Device, Biologic or Drug, nor have any
    such proceedings been pending at any time in the five year
    period prior to the date hereof. To the Knowledge of the
    Company, there are no facts, circumstances or conditions that
    would reasonably be expected to form the basis for any
    investigation, suit, claim, action (legal or regulatory) or
    proceeding (legal or regulatory) with respect to a recall,

A-20



withdrawal, suspension, seizure or discontinuance
    of any Drug or Biologic of the Company or with respect to any of
    the Specified Compounds. Complete and accurate copies of all
    material data of the Company with respect to the safety or
    efficacy of the Specified Compounds have been made available to
    Parent.

(iii) As to each Biologic or Drug of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries for which a biological
    license application, new drug application, investigational new
    drug application or similar state or foreign regulatory
    application has been approved, the Company and its Subsidiaries
    are in compliance with 21 U.S.C.  355,
    Section 626 of the Public Health Service Act or
    21 C.F.R. Parts 312, 314, 600 or 601 
et seq.
,
    respectively, and similar Legal Provisions and all terms and
    conditions of such licenses or applications, except for any such
    failure or failures to be in compliance which individually or in
    the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be expected
    to have a Material Adverse Effect. As to each such drug, the
    Company and any relevant Subsidiary of the Company, and the
    officers, employees or agents of the Company or such Subsidiary,
    have included in the application for such drug, where required,
    the certification described in 21 U.S.C.
     335a(k)(1) or any similar Legal Provision and the
    list described in 21 U.S.C.  335a(k)(2) or any
    similar Legal Provision, and each such certification and list
    was true, complete and correct in all material respects when
    made. In addition, the Company and its Subsidiaries are in
    substantial compliance with all applicable registration and
    listing requirements set forth in 21 U.S.C.  360
    and 21 C.F.R. Part 207 and all similar Legal
    Provisions.

(iv) No article of any Biologic or Drug
    manufactured and/or distributed by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries is (A) adulterated within the meaning of
    21 U.S.C.  351 (or similar Legal Provisions),
    (B) misbranded within the meaning of 21 U.S.C.
     352 (or similar Legal Provisions) or (C) a
    product that is in violation of 21 U.S.C.  355
    (or similar Legal Provisions), except for failures to be in
    compliance with the foregoing that individually or in the
    aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to
    have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any officer,
    employee or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has
    made an untrue statement of a material fact or fraudulent
    statement to the FDA or any other Governmental Entity, failed to
    disclose a material fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or
    any other Governmental Entity, or committed an act, made a
    statement, or failed to make a statement that, at the time such
    disclosure was made, would reasonably be expected to provide a
    basis for the FDA or any other Governmental Entity to invoke its
    policy respecting Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material
    Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities, set forth in
    56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) or any
    similar policy. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries,
    nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any officer, employee or
    agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has been
    convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct for which
    debarment is mandated by 21 U.S.C.  335a(a) or
    any similar Legal Provision or authorized by 21 U.S.C.
     335a(b) or any similar Legal Provision. Neither the
    Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of
    the Company, any officer, employee or agent of the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries, has been convicted of any crime or
    engaged in any conduct for which such person or entity could be
    excluded from participating in the federal health care programs
    under Section 1128 of the Social Security Act or any
    similar Legal Provision.

(vi) Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has received any written notice that the FDA or any
    other Governmental Entity has (a) commenced, or threatened
    to initiate, any action to withdraw its approval or request the
    recall of any Medical Device, Biologic or Drug,
    (b) commenced, or threatened to initiate, any action to
    enjoin production of any Medical Device, Biologic or Drug or
    (c) to the Companys Knowledge, commenced, or
    threatened to initiate, any action to enjoin the production of
    any Medical Device, Biologic or Drug produced at any facility
    where any Medical Device, Biologic or Drug is manufactured,
    tested or packaged, except for any such action that individually
    or in the aggregate has not had and would not reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

A-21



(vii) To the Knowledge of the Company, there
    are no facts, circumstances or conditions that would reasonably
    be expected to form the basis for any material investigation,
    suit, claim, action (legal or regulatory) or proceeding (legal
    or regulatory) by a Governmental Entity against or affecting the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to or arising under
    (a) the FDCA or the regulations of the FDA promulgated
    thereunder or (b) the Social Security Act or regulations of
    the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health
    and Human Services.

(viii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, each
    representation and warranty made by the Company in this
    Section 3.01(v) with respect to the Medical Devices,
    Biologics or Drugs licensed by the Company to third parties (for
    which the Company has assumed or retained no responsibility for
    regulatory compliance) set forth on Section 3.01(v)(viii)
    of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to be limited
    to the Companys Knowledge.

(w) 
Insurance.
 Section 3.01(w)
    of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and
    accurate list of all policies of fire, liability, workers
    compensation, title and other forms of insurance owned, held by
    or applicable to the Company (or its assets or business) as of
    the date hereof, and the Company has heretofore made available
    to Parent a complete and accurate copy of all such policies,
    including all occurrence-based policies applicable to the
    Company (or its assets or business) for all periods prior to the
    Closing Date. All such policies (or substitute policies with
    substantially similar terms and underwritten by insurance
    carriers with substantially similar or higher ratings) are in
    full force and effect, all premiums with respect thereto
    covering all periods up to and including the Closing Date have
    been paid, and no notice of cancellation or termination has been
    received with respect to any such policy except for such
    policies, premiums, cancellations or terminations that
    individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Such
    policies are sufficient for compliance by the Company with all
    Contracts to which the Company is a party, and each of the
    Company and its Subsidiaries has complied in all material
    respects with the provisions of each such policy under which it
    is an insured party. The Company has not been refused any
    insurance with respect to its assets or operations by any
    insurance carrier to which it has applied for any such insurance
    or with which it has carried insurance, during the last three
    (3) years. There are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the
    Company, threatened claims under any insurance policy that
    individually or in the aggregate have had or would reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.02.     
Representations
and Warranties of Parent and Sub.
 Parent and Sub represent
and warrant to the Company as follows:

(a) 
Organization, Standing and Corporate
    Power.
 Each of Parent and Sub is a corporation duly
    organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
    of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated and has all
    requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business
    as now being conducted. Each of Parent and Sub is duly qualified
    or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each
    material jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
    ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
    qualification or licensing necessary. Parent has made available
    to the Company complete and accurate copies of its certificate
    of incorporation and bylaws and the certificate of incorporation
    and bylaws of Sub, in each case as amended to date.

(b) 
Authority; Noncontravention.
 Each
    of Parent and Sub has all requisite corporate power and
    authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
    consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The
    execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
    the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly
    authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
    Parent and Sub and no other corporate proceedings on the part of
    Parent or Sub are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to
    consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
    and the transactions contemplated hereby do not require approval
    of the holders of any shares of capital stock of Parent. This
    Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of Parent
    and Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
    delivery by the Company, constitutes a legal, valid and binding
    obligation of Parent and Sub, as

A-22



applicable, enforceable against Parent and Sub,
    as applicable, in accordance with its terms, subject to
    bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, moratorium,
    reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors
    generally and the availability of equitable remedies (regardless
    of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at
    equity or at law). The execution and delivery of this Agreement
    do not, and the consummation of the Merger and the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement and compliance by
    Parent and its Subsidiaries with the provisions of this
    Agreement will not, (x) conflict with, or result in any
    violation or breach of, or default (with or without notice or
    lapse of time, or both) under, the Restated Certificate of
    Incorporation or By-laws of Parent or the Certificate of
    Incorporation or By-laws of Sub, (y) conflict with, or
    result in any violation or breach of, or default (with or
    without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to
    a right of, or result in, termination, cancellation or
    acceleration of any obligation or to the loss of a benefit
    under, or result in the creation of any Lien in or upon any of
    the properties or other assets of Parent or Sub under, any
    Contract to which Parent or Sub is a party or any of their
    respective properties or other assets is subject, in any way
    that would prevent, materially impede or materially delay the
    consummation by Parent of the Merger (including the payments
    required to be made pursuant to Article II) or the other
    transactions contemplated hereby or (z) subject to the
    governmental filings and other matters referred to in the
    following sentence, conflict with, or result in any violation or
    breach of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time,
    or both) under, any (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule or
    regulation applicable to Parent or Sub or their respective
    properties or other assets or (B) order, writ, injunction,
    decree, judgment or stipulation, in each case applicable to
    Parent or Sub or their respective properties or other assets,
    and in each case, in any way that would prevent, materially
    impede or materially delay the consummation by Parent of the
    Merger (including the payments required to be made pursuant to
    Article II) or the other transactions contemplated hereby.
    No material consent, approval, order or authorization of, action
    by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing
    with, any Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to
    Parent or Sub in connection with the execution and delivery of
    this Agreement by Parent and Sub or the consummation by Parent
    and Sub of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by
    this Agreement, except for (1) the filing of a premerger
    notification and report form by Parent under the HSR Act and the
    receipt, termination or expiration, as applicable, of approvals
    or waiting periods required under the HSR Act or any other
    applicable competition, merger control, antitrust or similar law
    or regulation and (2) the filing of the Certificate of
    Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

(c) 
Information Supplied.
 None of the
    information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of Parent
    or Sub specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference
    in the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to
    the stockholders of the Company and at the time of the
    Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
    material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
    stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
    therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
    made, not misleading.

(d) 
Interim Operations of Sub.
 Sub
    was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the
    transactions contemplated hereby, has engaged in no other
    business activities and has conducted its operations only as
    contemplated hereby.

(e) 
Capital Resources.
 Parent has,
    and will have at the Effective Time, sufficient cash to pay the
    aggregate Merger Consideration.

(f) 
Brokers.
 No broker, investment
    banker, financial advisor or other person is entitled to any
    brokers, finders, financial advisors or other
    similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by
    or on behalf of Parent or Sub.

(g) 
Company Stock.
 Neither Parent nor
    Sub is, nor at any time during the last three years has it been,
    an interested stockholder of the Company as defined
    in Section 203. As of the date hereof, neither Parent nor
    Sub owns (directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record),
    and is not a

A-23



party to any agreement, arrangement or
    understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or
    disposing of, in each case, any shares of capital stock of the
    Company (except as contemplated by this Agreement and except for
    any such shares that may be owned by any employee benefit or
    other plan administered by or on behalf of Parent or any of its
    Subsidiaries, to the extent the determination to acquire such
    shares was not directed by Parent or Sub).

ARTICLE IV

Covenants Relating to Conduct of
Business

SECTION 4.01.     
Conduct
of Business.
 (a) 
Conduct of Business by the
Company.
 During the period from the date of this Agreement
to the Effective Time, except as set forth in
Section 4.01(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as
consented to in writing in advance by Parent or as expressly
permitted pursuant to this Section 4.01(a)(i) through
(xvi) or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, the Company
shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, carry on its
business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice
(including in respect of research and development activities and
programs) and in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable laws, rules, regulations and treaties and, to the
extent consistent therewith, use commercially reasonable efforts
to preserve intact its current business organizations, keep
available the services of its current officers, employees and
consultants and preserve its relationships with customers,
suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having
business dealings with it with the intention that its goodwill
and ongoing business shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time.
In addition to and without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, during the period from the date of this Agreement to
the Effective Time, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 4.01(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as
otherwise expressly permitted pursuant to this Agreement, the
Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, without Parents prior written consent:

(i) (x) declare, set aside or pay any
    dividends on, or make any other distributions (whether in cash,
    stock or property) in respect of, any of its capital stock,
    other than dividends or distributions by a direct or indirect
    wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company to its shareholders,
    (y) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock
    or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in
    respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
    capital stock or (z) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
    any shares of its capital stock or any other securities thereof
    or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares or
    other securities, except for purchases, redemptions or other
    acquisitions of capital stock or other securities required under
    the terms of any plans, arrangements or agreements existing on
    the date hereof between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    and any director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company
    or any of its Subsidiaries (complete and accurate copies of
    which have been heretofore delivered to Parent);

(ii) issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or
    otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien any shares of its
    capital stock, any other voting securities or any securities
    convertible into, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire,
    any such shares, voting securities or convertible securities, or
    any phantom stock, phantom stock rights,
    stock appreciation rights or stock based performance units,
    including pursuant to Contracts as in effect on the date hereof
    (other than the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock upon
    the conversion of Company Preferred Stock or Company Notes, or
    the exercise of Company Stock Options (including rights under
    the ESPP, subject to Section 5.04(b)) or Warrants, in each
    case outstanding on the date hereof in accordance with their
    terms on the date hereof);

(iii) amend (x) the Company Certificate
    or the Company By-laws or other comparable charter or
    organizational documents of any of the Companys
    Subsidiaries or (y) the Certificate of Designation with
    respect to the Company Preferred Stock or the Indenture dated as
    of August 5, 2002 between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank,
    National Association, with respect to the Company Notes, in each
    case except as may be required by law or the rules and
    regulations of the SEC or The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.;

A-24



(iv) directly or indirectly acquire
    (x) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing
    assets of, or by any other manner, any person or division,
    business or equity interest of any person or (y) any asset
    or assets that, individually, has a purchase price in excess of
    $500,000 or, in the aggregate, have a purchase price in excess
    of $1,000,000, except for new capital expenditures, which shall
    be subject to the limitations of clause (vii) below, and
    except for purchases of components, raw materials or supplies in
    the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(v) (x) sell, lease, license, mortgage,
    sell and leaseback or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien
    or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or other assets or
    any interests therein (including securitizations), except for
    sales of inventory and used equipment in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice; or (y) enter into,
    modify or amend any lease of property, except for modifications
    or amendments that are not materially adverse to the Company and
    its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(vi) (x) incur any indebtedness for
    borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another
    person, issue or sell any debt securities or calls, options,
    warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries, guarantee any debt
    securities of another person, enter into any keep
    well or other agreement to maintain any financial
    statement condition of another person or enter into any
    arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing
    or (y) make any loans, advances or capital contributions
    to, or investments in, any other person, other than to employees
    in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(vii) make any new capital expenditure or
    expenditures in excess of the amounts set forth in
    Section 4.01(a)(vii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule;

(viii) except as required by law or any
    judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction, (v) pay,
    discharge, settle or satisfy any material claims, liabilities,
    obligations or litigation (absolute, accrued, asserted or
    unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment,
    discharge, settlement or satisfaction in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice or in accordance with
    their terms, of liabilities disclosed, reflected or reserved
    against in the most recent financial statements (or the notes
    thereto) of the Company included in the Filed Company SEC
    Documents (for amounts not in excess of such reserves) or
    incurred since the date of such financial statements in the
    ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
    (w) cancel any indebtedness (other than upon the conversion
    of any Company Notes outstanding on the date hereof in
    accordance with their terms on the date hereof), (x) waive
    or assign any claims or rights of substantial value or
    (y) waive any benefits of, or agree to modify in any
    respect, or, subject to the terms hereof, knowingly fail to
    enforce, or consent to any matter with respect to which consent
    is required under, any standstill or similar agreement
    containing provisions prohibiting a third party from purchasing
    the capital stock of the Company or otherwise seeking to
    influence or exercise control over the Company to which the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or (z) waive
    any material benefits of, or agree to modify in any material
    respect, or, subject to the terms hereof, knowingly fail to
    enforce in any material respect, or consent to any matter with
    respect to which consent is required under, any material
    confidentiality or similar agreement to which the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries is a party;

(ix) enter into any material Contracts
    relating to the research, clinical trial, development,
    distribution, sale, supply, license, marketing, co-promotion or
    manufacturing of products of the Company or any Subsidiary of
    the Company or products licensed by the Company or any
    Subsidiary of the Company, or the Intellectual Property Rights
    of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, other than
    (x) confidentiality agreements entered into in the ordinary
    course of business consistent with past practice containing
    customary terms which do not impose any obligations on the
    Company or its Subsidiaries other than those relating to the
    treatment of confidential information, (y) consulting
    agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice which individually have aggregate
    values of no more than $50,000 and (z) pursuant to any such
    Contracts currently in place (that have been disclosed in
    writing to Parent prior to the date hereof) in accordance with
    their terms as of the date hereof;

A-25



(x) enter into, modify, amend or terminate
    any material Contract or waive, release or assign any material
    rights or claims thereunder, which if so entered into, modified,
    amended, terminated, waived, released or assigned would
    reasonably be expected to (A) materially adversely affect
    the Company, (B) impair in any material respect the ability
    of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement
    or (C) prevent or materially delay the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(xi) enter into any Contract to the extent
    consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
    or compliance by the Company with the provisions of this
    Agreement would reasonably be expected to conflict with, or
    result in a violation or breach of, or default (with or without
    notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right
    of, or result in, termination, cancellation or acceleration of
    any obligation or to the loss of a benefit under, or result in
    the creation of any Lien in or upon any of the properties or
    other assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, or
    give rise to any increased, additional, accelerated, or
    guaranteed right or entitlements of any third party under, or
    result in any material alteration of, any provision of such
    Contract;

(xii) enter into any Contract containing any
    restriction on the ability of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries to assign its rights, interests or obligations
    thereunder, unless such restriction expressly excludes any
    assignment to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection
    with or following the consummation of the Merger and the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(xiii) sell, transfer or license to any
    person or otherwise extend, amend or modify any rights to the
    Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries, other than pursuant to (x) confidentiality
    agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business
    consistent with past practice containing customary terms which
    do not impose any obligations on the Company or its Subsidiaries
    other than those relating to the treatment of confidential
    information, (y) consulting agreements entered into in the
    ordinary course of business consistent with past practice which
    individually have aggregate values of no more than $50,000 and
    (z) any such Contracts currently in place (that have been
    disclosed in writing to Parent prior to the date hereof) in
    accordance with their terms as of the date hereof;

(xiv) except as otherwise contemplated by
    this Agreement or as required to ensure that any Company Benefit
    Plan or Company Benefit Agreement is not then out of compliance
    with applicable law or to comply with any Contract or Company
    Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement entered into prior to
    the date hereof (complete and accurate copies of which have been
    heretofore delivered to Parent), (A) adopt, enter into,
    terminate or amend (I) any collective bargaining agreement
    or Company Benefit Plan or (II) any Company Benefit
    Agreement or other agreement, plan or policy involving the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries and one or more of their
    respective current or former directors, officers, employees or
    consultants, (B) increase in any manner the compensation,
    bonus or fringe or other benefits of, or pay any bonus of any
    kind or amount whatsoever to, any current or former director,
    officer, employee or consultant, except for any planned salary
    increases and payment of bonuses, each as described in
    Section 4.01(a)(xiv) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
    (C) pay any benefit or amount not required under any
    Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement or any other
    benefit plan or arrangement of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries as in effect on the date of this Agreement, other
    than as contemplated in clause (B), (D) grant or pay
    any severance or termination pay or increase in any manner the
    severance or termination pay of any current or former director,
    officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries, (E) grant any awards under any bonus,
    incentive, performance or other compensation plan or
    arrangement, Company Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan
    (including the grant of Company Stock Options (including rights
    under the ESPP), Company Restricted Stock, phantom
    stock, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock
    rights, stock based or stock related awards, performance units
    or restricted stock or the removal of existing restrictions in
    any Company Benefit Agreements, Company Benefit Plans or
    agreements or awards made thereunder), other than as
    contemplated in clause (B), (F) amend or modify any
    Stock Option or Warrant, (G) take any action to fund or in
    any other way secure the payment of compensation or benefits
    under any employee plan, agreement, contract or

A-26



arrangement or Company Benefit Plan or Company
    Benefit Agreement, (H) take any action to accelerate the
    vesting or payment of any compensation or benefit under any
    Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement or
    (I) materially change any actuarial or other assumption
    used to calculate funding obligations with respect to any
    Company Pension Plan or change the manner in which contributions
    to any Company Pension Plan are made or the basis on which such
    contributions are determined;

(xv) except as required by GAAP or by the
    Companys independent public accountants, revalue any
    material assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
    make any material change in accounting methods, principles or
    practices; or

(xvi) authorize any of, or commit, resolve,
    propose or agree to take any of, the foregoing actions.

(b) 
Other Actions.
 The Company,
Parent and Sub shall not, and shall not permit any of their
respective Subsidiaries to, take any action that would, or that
would reasonably be expected to, result in any of the conditions
to the Merger set forth in Article VI not being satisfied.

(c) 
Advice of Changes; Filings.
 The
Company and Parent shall promptly advise the other party orally
and in writing if, to such partys Knowledge, (i) any
representation or warranty made by it (and, in the case of
Parent, made by Sub) contained in this Agreement that is
qualified as to materiality becomes untrue or inaccurate in any
respect or any such representation or warranty that is not so
qualified becomes untrue or inaccurate in any material respect
or (ii) it (and, in the case of Parent, Sub) fails to
comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it
under this Agreement; 
provided
, 
however
, that no
such notification shall affect the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements of the parties (or remedies with respect
thereto) or the conditions to the obligations of the parties
under this Agreement. The Company and Parent shall, to the
extent permitted by law, promptly provide the other with copies
of all filings made by such party with any Governmental Entity
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, other than the portions of such filings
that include confidential information not directly related to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) 
Certain Tax Matters.

(i) During the period from the date of this Agreement to
the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each of
its Subsidiaries to, (A) timely file all tax returns
(Post-Signing Returns) required to be filed by or on
behalf of each such entity; (B) timely pay all taxes due
and payable in respect of such Post-Signing Returns that are so
filed; (C) accrue a reserve in the books and records and
financial statements of any such entity in accordance with past
practice for all taxes payable by such entity for which no
Post-Signing Return is due prior to the Effective Time;
(D) promptly notify Parent of any suit, claim, action,
investigation, proceeding or audit (collectively,
Actions) pending against or with respect to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any material
amount of tax and not settle or compromise any such Action
without Parents consent; (E) not make any material
tax election or settle or compromise any material tax liability,
other than with Parents consent or other than in the
ordinary course of business; and (F) cause all existing tax
sharing agreements, tax indemnity obligations and similar
agreements, arrangements or practices with respect to taxes to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be a
party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or
may otherwise be bound to be terminated as of the Closing Date
so that after such date neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall have any further rights or liabilities
thereunder. Any tax returns described in this
Section 4.01(d) shall be complete and correct in all
material respects and shall be prepared on a basis consistent
with the past practice of the Company, 
provided
 that no
Post-Signing Returns shall be filed with any taxing authority
without Parents prior written consent.

(ii) The Company shall deliver to Parent at
or prior to the Closing a certificate, in form and substance
satisfactory to Parent, duly executed and acknowledged,
certifying that the payment of the Merger Consideration and any
payments made in respect of Appraisal Shares pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement are exempt from withholding pursuant to
the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act.

A-27



SECTION 4.02. 
No Solicitation.

(a) The Company shall not, nor shall it authorize or permit
any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors,
officers or employees or authorize or knowingly permit any
investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or
other advisor, agent or representative (collectively,
Representatives) retained by it or any of its
Subsidiaries to (and shall instruct such Representatives not
to), directly or indirectly through another person,
(i) solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, or take any
other action designed to, or which could reasonably be expected
to, facilitate, any Takeover Proposal or (ii) enter into,
continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or
negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any
information, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, any
Takeover Proposal. The Company shall, and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated
all existing discussions or negotiations with any person
conducted heretofore with respect to any Takeover Proposal and
request the prompt return or destruction of all confidential
information previously furnished. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
at any time prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval, in
response to a bona fide written Takeover Proposal that the Board
of Directors of the Company determines in good faith (after
consultation with outside counsel and a financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation) constitutes or is reasonably
likely to lead to a Superior Proposal, and which Takeover
Proposal was not solicited after the date hereof and was made
after the date hereof and did not otherwise result from a breach
of this Section 4.02(a), the Company may, if its Board of
Directors determines in good faith (after consultation with
outside counsel) that the failure to do so would result in a
breach of its fiduciary duties to the stockholders of the
Company under applicable law, and subject to compliance with
Section 4.02(c), (x) furnish information with respect
to the Company and its Subsidiaries to the person making such
Takeover Proposal (and its Representatives) pursuant to a
customary confidentiality agreement not less restrictive as a
whole of such person than the Confidentiality Agreement,

provided
 that all such information has previously been
provided to Parent or is provided to Parent prior to or
substantially concurrent with the time it is provided to such
person, and (y) participate in discussions or negotiations
with the person making such Takeover Proposal (and its
Representatives) regarding such Takeover Proposal.

The term Takeover Proposal means any
inquiry, proposal or offer from any person relating to, or that
would reasonably be expected to lead to, any direct or indirect
acquisition or purchase, in one transaction or a series of
transactions, of assets or businesses that constitute 15% or
more of the revenues, net income or the assets of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 15% or more of any
class of equity securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer that if
consummated would result in any person beneficially owning 15%
or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, or any merger, consolidation, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint
venture, binding share exchange or similar transaction involving
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which any
person or the shareholders of any person would own 15% or more
of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or of any resulting parent company of the Company,
other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

The term Superior Proposal means any
bona fide offer made by a third party that if consummated would
result in such person (or its stockholders) owning, directly or
indirectly, all or substantially all of the shares of Company
Common Stock then outstanding (or of the surviving entity in a
merger or the direct or indirect parent of the surviving entity
in a merger) or all or substantially all the assets of the
Company, which the Board of Directors of the Company determines
in good faith (after consultation with a financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation) to be (i) more favorable
to the stockholders of the Company from a financial point of
view than the Merger (taking into account all the terms and
conditions of such proposal and this Agreement (including any
changes to the financial terms of this Agreement proposed by
Parent in response to such offer or otherwise)) and
(ii) reasonably capable of being completed, taking into
account all financial, legal, regulatory and other aspects of
such proposal.

(b) Neither the Board of Directors of the
Company nor any committee thereof shall
(i) (A) withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to
Parent), or publicly propose to withdraw (or modify in a manner
adverse to Parent), the approval, recommendation or declaration
of advisability by such Board

A-28



of Directors or any such committee thereof of
this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or (B) recommend, adopt or
approve, or propose publicly to recommend, adopt or approve, any
Takeover Proposal (any action described in this clause
(i) being referred to as a Company Adverse
Recommendation Change) or (ii) approve or recommend,
or propose to approve or recommend, or allow the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries to execute or enter into, any letter of
intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle,
merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint
venture agreement, partnership agreement or other similar
agreement constituting or related to, or that is intended to or
would reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal
(other than a confidentiality agreement referred to in
Section 4.02(a)) (an Acquisition Agreement).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to obtaining
the Stockholder Approval, the Board of Directors of the Company
may, if such Board of Directors determines in good faith (after
consultation with outside counsel) that the failure to do so
would result in a breach of its fiduciary duties to the
stockholders of the Company under applicable law, (x) make
a Company Adverse Recommendation Change or (y) in response
to a Superior Proposal that was not solicited after the date
hereof and was made after the date hereof and did not otherwise
result from a breach of this Section 4.02, cause the
Company to terminate this Agreement (and concurrently with or
after such termination, if it so chooses, cause the Company to
enter into any Acquisition Agreement with respect to any
Superior Proposal); 
provided
, 
however
, that
(1) no Company Adverse Recommendation Change may be made
and (2) no such termination of this Agreement by the
Company may be made, in each case until after the third business
day following Parents receipt of written notice from the
Company advising Parent that the Board of Directors of the
Company intends to make a Company Adverse Recommendation Change
or terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 4.02(b) and specifying the reasons therefor,
including the terms and conditions of any Superior Proposal that
is the basis of the proposed action by the Board of Directors
(it being understood and agreed that any amendment to the
financial terms or any other material term of such Superior
Proposal shall require a new written notice by the Company and a
new two business day period). In determining whether to make a
Company Adverse Recommendation Change or to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 4.02(b), the Board of
Directors of the Company shall take into account any changes to
the financial terms of this Agreement proposed by Parent in
response to any such written notice by the Company or otherwise.

(c) In addition to the obligations of the
Company set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this
Section 4.02, the Company shall promptly advise Parent
orally and in writing of any Takeover Proposal, the material
terms and conditions of any such Takeover Proposal (including
any changes thereto) and the identity of the person making any
such Takeover Proposal. The Company shall keep Parent fully
informed of the status and material details (including any
material change to the terms thereof) of any such Takeover
Proposal.

(d) Nothing contained in this
Section 4.02 shall prohibit the Company from
(x) taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position
contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act or (y) making any disclosure to the
stockholders of the Company if, in the good faith judgment of
the Board of Directors of the Company (after consultation with
outside counsel) failure to so disclose would be inconsistent
with its obligations under applicable law, including the Board
of Directors duty of candor to the stockholders of the
Company; 
provided
, 
however
, that in no event shall
the Company or its Board of Directors or any committee thereof
take, or agree or resolve to take, any action prohibited by
Section 4.02(b).

ARTICLE V

Additional Agreements

SECTION 5.01. 
Preparation of the Proxy
Statement; Stockholders Meeting.
 (a) As promptly
as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company
and Parent shall prepare and the Company shall file with the SEC
the Proxy Statement and the Company shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to respond as promptly as practicable to any
comments of the SEC with respect thereto and to

A-29



cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the
stockholders of the Company as promptly as practicable following
the date of this Agreement. The Company shall promptly notify
Parent upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC or the
staff of the SEC or any request from the SEC or the staff of the
SEC for amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement and
shall provide Parent with copies of all correspondence between
the Company and its Representatives, on the one hand, and the
SEC and the staff of the SEC, on the other hand. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, prior to filing or mailing the Proxy Statement
(or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any
comments of the SEC or the staff of the SEC with respect
thereto, the Company (i) shall provide Parent an
opportunity to review and comment on such document or response
and (ii) shall include in such document or response all
comments reasonably proposed by Parent; 
provided
, that
Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide or
cause to be provided its comments to the Company as promptly as
reasonably practicable after the Proxy Statement is transmitted
to Parent for its review.

(b) The Company shall, as soon as
practicable following the date of this Agreement, establish a
record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a
meeting of its stockholders (the Stockholders
Meeting) solely for the purpose of obtaining the
Stockholder Approval. Subject to Sections 4.02(b) and
4.02(d), the Company shall, through its Board of Directors,
recommend to its stockholders adoption of this Agreement and
shall include such recommendation in the Proxy Statement.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Companys obligations pursuant to the first sentence of
this Section 5.01(b) shall not be affected by (i) the
commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or
communication to the Company of any Takeover Proposal or
(ii) the withdrawal or modification by the Board of
Directors of the Company or any committee thereof of such Board
of Directors or such committees approval or
recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

SECTION
5.02.     
Access to Information;
Confidentiality.
 The Company shall afford to Parent, and to
Parents officers, employees, accountants, counsel,
financial advisors and other Representatives, reasonable access
(including for the purpose of coordinating integration
activities and transition planning with the employees of the
Company and its Subsidiaries) during normal business hours and
upon reasonable prior notice to the Company during the period
prior to the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement
to all its and its Subsidiaries properties, books,
contracts, commitments, personnel and records and, during such
period, the Company shall furnish promptly to Parent (a) a
copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other
document filed by it during such period pursuant to the
requirements of Federal or state securities laws, (b) a
copy of each correspondence or written communication with any
United States Federal governmental agency and (c) all other
information concerning its and its Subsidiaries business,
properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably request.
Except for disclosures expressly permitted by the terms of the
Confidentiality Agreement dated as of December 15, 2002
between Parent and the Company (as it may be amended from time
to time, the Confidentiality Agreement), Parent
shall hold, and shall cause its officers, employees,
accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other
Representatives to hold, all information received from the
Company, directly or indirectly, in confidence in accordance
with the Confidentiality Agreement. No investigation pursuant to
this Section 5.02 or information provided or received by
any party hereto pursuant to this Agreement will affect any of
the representations or warranties of the parties hereto
contained in this Agreement or the conditions hereunder to the
obligations of the parties hereto.

SECTION
5.03.     
Commercially Reasonable
Efforts.
 Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use its
commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary,
proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the
most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including using
commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the following:
(i) the taking of all acts necessary to cause the
conditions to Closing to be satisfied as promptly as
practicable, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or
nonactions, waivers, consents and approvals from Governmental
Entities and the making of all necessary registrations and
filings (including filings with Governmental Entities) and the

A-30



taking of all steps as may be necessary to obtain
an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding
by, any Governmental Entity and (iii) the obtaining of all
necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties;

provided
 that none of the Company, Parent or Sub shall be
required to make any payment to any such third parties or
concede anything of value to obtain such consents. In connection
with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company and Parent
shall duly file with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice the
notification and report form (the HSR Filing)
required under the HSR Act with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement as promptly as practicable. The
HSR Filing shall be in substantial compliance with the
requirements of the HSR Act. Each party shall cooperate with the
other party to the extent necessary to assist the other party in
the preparation of its HSR Filing, to request early termination
of the waiting period required by the HSR Act and, if requested,
to promptly amend or furnish additional information thereunder.
The Company and its Board of Directors shall (1) take all
reasonable action necessary to ensure that no state takeover
statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes
applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (2) if any
state takeover statute or similar statute becomes applicable to
this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, take all reasonable action
necessary to ensure that the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as
practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and
otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation
on this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall
be deemed to require Parent to agree to, or proffer to, divest
or hold separate any assets or any portion of any business of
Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

SECTION
5.04.     
Company Stock Options;
ESPP.
 (a) As soon as practicable following the date of
this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company (or, if
appropriate, any committee thereof administering the Company
Stock Plans) shall adopt such resolutions or take such other
actions as may be required to effect the following:

(i) adjust the terms of all outstanding
    Company Stock Options (other than rights granted under the
    ESPP), whether vested or unvested, as necessary to provide that,
    at the Effective Time, each such Company Stock Option
    outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
    amended and converted into an option to acquire, on the same
    terms and conditions as were applicable under such Company Stock
    Option, the number of shares of common stock, par value $1.00
    per share, of Parent (Parent Common Stock) (rounded
    down to the nearest whole share) determined by multiplying the
    number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company
    Stock Option by the Option Exchange Ratio (as defined below), at
    a price per share of Parent Common Stock equal to (A) the
    aggregate exercise price for the shares of Company Common Stock
    otherwise purchasable pursuant to such Company Stock Option
    divided by (B) the aggregate number of shares of Parent
    Common Stock deemed purchasable pursuant to such Company Stock
    Option (each, as so adjusted, an Adjusted Option),
    provided that such exercise price shall be rounded up to the
    nearest whole cent. The Option Exchange Ratio means
    the quotient obtained by dividing the Common Stock Merger
    Consideration by the Average Closing Price (as defined below)
    and rounding to the nearest 1/10,000. The Average Closing
    Price means the amount equal to the average per share
    closing price of Parent Common Stock, as reported on the New
    York Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape for the five
    (5) consecutive trading days ending with the second trading
    day immediately preceding the Effective Time;

(ii) adjust the terms of each share of
    Company Restricted Stock as necessary to provide that the
    restrictions on such shares shall lapse at the Effective Time;
    and

(iii) make such other changes to the Company
    Stock Plans as Parent and the Company may agree are appropriate
    to give effect to the Merger.

(b) As soon as practicable following the
date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company
(or, if appropriate, any committee of the Board of Directors of
the Company administering the

A-31



ESPP), shall adopt such resolutions or take such
other actions as may be required to provide that
(i) participants may not increase their payroll deductions
or purchase elections from those in effect on the date of this
Agreement, (ii) no offering period shall be commenced after
the date of this Agreement, (iii) each participants
outstanding right to purchase shares of Company Common Stock
under the ESPP shall terminate on the day immediately prior to
the day on which the Effective Time occurs, 
provided
 that
all amounts allocated to each participants account under
the ESPP as of such date shall thereupon be used to purchase
from the Company whole shares of Company Common Stock at the
applicable price determined under the terms of the ESPP for then
outstanding offering periods using such date as the final
purchase date for each such offering period and (iv) the
ESPP shall terminate immediately following the purchases of
Company Common Stock on the day prior to the day on which the
Effective Time occurs.

(c) The adjustments provided in
Section 5.04(a)(i) with respect to any Company Stock
Options that are incentive stock options as defined
in Section 422 of the Code shall be and are intended to be
effected in a manner which is consistent with
Section 424(a) of the Code.

(d) As soon as practicable following the
Effective Time, Parent shall deliver to the holders of Adjusted
Options appropriate notices setting forth such holders
rights pursuant to the respective Company Stock Plans and the
agreements evidencing the grants of such Adjusted Options,
including that such Adjusted Options and agreements have been
assumed by Parent and shall continue in effect on the same terms
and conditions (subject to the adjustments required by this
Section 5.04 after giving effect to the Merger).

(e) As soon as practicable following the
Effective Time, Parent shall prepare and file with the SEC a
registration statement on Form S-8 (or another appropriate
form) registering a number of shares of Parent Common Stock
equal to the number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to
the Adjusted Options. Such registration statement shall be kept
effective (and the current status of the prospectus or
prospectuses required thereby shall be maintained) at least for
so long as any Adjusted Options may remain outstanding.

(f) Except as otherwise contemplated by this
Section 5.04 and except to the extent required under the
respective terms of the Adjusted Options, all restrictions or
limitations on transfer and vesting with respect to Adjusted
Options awarded under the Company Stock Plans or any other plan,
program or arrangement of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, to the extent that such restrictions or
limitations shall not have already lapsed, shall remain in full
force and effect with respect to such Adjusted Options after
giving effect to the Merger and the assumption by Parent as set
forth above.

(g) The Company shall ensure that following
the Effective Time, no holder of a Company Stock Option (or
former holder of a Company Stock Option) or any participant in
any Company Stock Plan, Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit
Agreement shall have any right thereunder to acquire any capital
stock of the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any other
equity interest therein (including phantom stock or
stock appreciation rights).

SECTION
5.05.     
Indemnification,
Advancement of Expenses, Exculpation and Insurance.

(a) Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to assume
the obligations with respect to all rights to indemnification,
advancement of expenses and exculpation from liabilities for
acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time
now existing in favor of the current or former directors or
officers of the Company as provided in the Company Certificate,
the Company By-laws or any indemnification agreement between
such directors or officers and the Company (in each case, as in
effect on the date hereof), without further action, as of the
Effective Time and such obligations shall survive the Merger and
shall continue in full force and effect for a period of not less
than six years from and after the Effective Time;

provided
, that in the event any claim or claims are
asserted or made within such six year period, all rights to
indemnification in respect of any claim or claims shall continue
until final disposition of any and all such claims.

(b) In the event that the Surviving
Corporation or any of its successors or assigns
(i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and
is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such

A-32



consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or
conveys all or substantially all of its properties and other
assets to any person, then, and in each such case, Parent shall
cause proper provision to be made so that the successors and
assigns of the Surviving Corporation shall expressly assume the
obligations set forth in this Section 5.05.

(c) For six years after the Effective Time,
Parent shall maintain (directly or indirectly through the
Companys existing insurance programs) in effect the
Companys current directors and officers
liability insurance in respect of acts or omissions occurring at
or prior to the Effective Time, covering each person currently
covered by the Companys directors and officers
liability insurance policy (a complete and accurate copy of
which has been heretofore delivered to Parent), on terms with
respect to such coverage and amounts no less favorable than
those of such policy in effect on the date hereof;

provided
, 
however
, that Parent may
(i) substitute therefor policies of Parent containing terms
with respect to coverage (including as coverage relates to
deductibles and contractual provisions) and amount no less
favorable to such directors and officers or (ii) request
that the Company obtain such extended reporting period coverage
under its existing insurance programs (to be effective as of the
Effective Time); 
provided further
, 
however
, that
in satisfying its obligation under this Section 5.05(c),
neither the Company nor Parent shall be obligated to pay more
than $8,200,000 in the aggregate, less any applicable credit
(the Premium Amount), to obtain such coverage. It is
understood and agreed that in the event such coverage cannot be
obtained for the Premium Amount or less in the aggregate, Parent
shall be obligated to provide such coverage as may be obtained
for the Premium Amount.

(d) The provisions of this Section 5.05
(i) are intended to be for the benefit of, and will be
enforceable by, each indemnified party, his or her heirs and his
or her representatives and (ii) are in addition to, and not
in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or
contribution that any such person may have by contract or
otherwise.

SECTION
5.06.     
Fees and Expenses.

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this
Section 5.06, all fees and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party
incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is
consummated; 
provided
, that the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the printing, filing and mailing to
stockholders of the Proxy Statement and the solicitation of the
Stockholder Approval, and all SEC and other regulatory filing
fees incurred in connection with the Proxy Statement, shall be
shared equally by the Company and Parent.

(b) In the event that (i) this
Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to
Section 7.01(e), (ii) this Agreement is terminated by
the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(f) or
(iii) (A) prior to the obtaining of the Stockholder
Approval, a Takeover Proposal shall have been made to the
Company or shall have been made directly to the stockholders of
the Company generally or shall have otherwise become publicly
known or any person shall have publicly announced an intention
(whether or not conditional) to make a Takeover Proposal,
(B) thereafter this Agreement is terminated by either
Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 7.01(b)(i) (but
only if a vote to obtain the Stockholder Approval or the
Stockholders Meeting has not been held) or
Section 7.01(b)(iii) and (C) within 9 months
after such termination, the Company enters into a definitive
agreement to consummate, or consummates, the transactions
contemplated by any Takeover Proposal, then the Company shall
pay Parent a fee equal to $70,000,000 (the Termination
Fee) by wire transfer of same-day funds (x) in the
case of a payment required by clause (i) above, on the
first business day following the date of termination of this
Agreement, (y) in the case of a payment required by
clause (ii) above, on the date of termination of this
Agreement and (z) in the case of a payment required by
clause (iii) above, on the first business day following the
date of the first to occur of the events referred to in
clause (iii)(C).

(c) The Company and Parent acknowledge and
agree that the agreements contained in Section 5.06(b) are
an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and that, without these agreements, Parent would not
enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if the Company fails
promptly to pay the amount due pursuant to Section 5.06(b),
and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent commences a suit
that results in a judgment against the Company for the
Termination Fee, the Company

A-33



shall pay to Parent its costs and expenses
(including attorneys fees and expenses) in connection with
such suit, together with interest on the amount of the
Termination Fee from the date such payment was required to be
made until the date of payment at the prime rate of Citibank,
N.A. in effect on the date such payment was required to be made.

SECTION
5.07.     
Public Announcements.

Except with respect to any Company Adverse Recommendation Change
made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, Parent and
the Company shall consult with each other before issuing, and
give each other the opportunity to review and comment upon, any
press release or other public statements with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the
Merger, and shall not issue any such press release or make any
such public statement prior to such consultation, except as such
party may reasonably conclude may be required by applicable law,
court process or by obligations pursuant to any listing
agreement with any national securities exchange or national
securities quotation system. The parties agree that the initial
press release to be issued with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the form heretofore
agreed to by the parties.

SECTION
5.08.     
Stockholder
Litigation.
 The Company shall give Parent the opportunity to
participate in the defense or settlement of any stockholder
litigation against the Company and/or its directors relating to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no such
settlement shall be agreed to without Parents prior
written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed.

SECTION
5.09.     
Employee Matters.

(a) For a period of not less than twelve months following
the Effective Time, the employees of the Company who remain in
the employment of the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries
(the Continuing Employees) shall receive employee
benefits that in the aggregate are substantially comparable to
the employee benefits provided under the Companys employee
benefit plans to such employees immediately prior to the
Effective Time; 
provided
 that neither Parent nor the
Surviving Corporation nor any of their Subsidiaries shall have
any obligation to issue, or adopt any plans or arrangements
providing for the issuance of shares of capital stock, warrants,
options, stock appreciation rights or other rights in respect of
any shares of capital stock of any entity or any securities
convertible or exchangeable into such shares pursuant to any
such plans or arrangements; 
provided
, 
further
,
that no plans or arrangements of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries providing for such issuance nor the Companys
Flexible Time Off program shall be taken into account in
determining whether employee benefits are substantially
comparable in the aggregate.

(b) Nothing contained herein shall be
construed as requiring, and the Company shall take no action
that would have the effect of requiring, Parent or the Surviving
Corporation to continue any specific plans or to continue the
employment of any specific person.

(c) Parent shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to recognize the service of each Continuing Employee
as if such service had been performed with Parent (i) for
purposes of vesting (but not benefit accrual) under
Parents defined benefit pension plan, (ii) for
purposes of eligibility for vacation under Parents
vacation program, (iii) for purposes of eligibility and
participation under any health or welfare plan maintained by
Parent (other than any post-employment health or post-employment
welfare plan) and (iv) unless covered under another
arrangement with or of the Company, for benefit accrual purposes
under Parents severance plan (in the case of each of
clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), solely to the extent
that Parent makes such plan or program available to employees of
the Surviving Corporation), but not for purposes of any other
employee benefit plan of Parent.

(d) With respect to any welfare plan
maintained by Parent in which Continuing Employees are eligible
to participate after the Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i) waive all
limitations as to preexisting conditions and exclusions with
respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to
such employees to the extent such conditions and exclusions were
satisfied or did not apply to such employees under the welfare
plans of the Company and its Subsidiaries prior to the Effective
Time and (ii) provide each Continuing Employee with credit
for any co-payments and deductibles paid prior to the Effective
Time in satisfying any analogous deductible or out-of-pocket
requirements to the extent applicable under any such plan.

A-34



SECTION
5.10.     
Company Notes and Company
Preferred Stock.
     Each of the
Company, Parent and Sub shall take each action required to be
taken by such party pursuant to (i) the Indenture dated as
of August 5, 2002 between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, with respect to the Company Notes and
(ii) the Certificate of Designation with respect to the
Company Preferred Stock, in each case as necessary to consummate
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement in compliance therewith.

SECTION
5.11.     
Consents and Other
Action.
     The Company agrees to
use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,
proper or advisable to accomplish the items set forth on
Section 5.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule as soon as
practicable after the date hereof.

ARTICLE VI

Conditions Precedent

SECTION
6.01.     
Conditions to Each
Partys Obligation to Effect the
Merger.
     The respective
obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver on or
prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

(a) 
Stockholder
    Approval.
     The Stockholder
    Approval shall have been obtained.

(b) 
HSR
    Act.
     The waiting period (and
    any extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR
    Act shall have been terminated or shall have expired.

(c) 
No Injunctions or
    Restraints.
     No temporary
    restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
    judgment or order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction
    or other statute, law, rule, legal restraint or prohibition
    (collectively, Restraints) shall be in effect
    (i) preventing the consummation of the Merger or
    (ii) which otherwise has had or would reasonably be
    expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 6.02. 
Conditions to Obligations
of Parent and Sub.
     The
obligations of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger are further
subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law)
waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following
conditions:

(a) 
Representations and
    Warranties.
     The representations
    and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement that
    are qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct, and
    the representations and warranties of the Company contained in
    this Agreement that are not so qualified shall be true and
    correct in all material respects, in each case as of the date of
    this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on the
    Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and
    warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case as
    of such earlier date. Parent shall have received a certificate
    signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive officer
    and the chief financial officer of the Company to such effect.

(b) 
Performance of Obligations of the
    Company.
     The Company shall have
    performed in all material respects all obligations required to
    be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the
    Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate
    signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive officer
    and the chief financial officer of the Company to such effect.

(c) 
No
    Litigation.
     There shall not be
    pending or threatened any suit, action or proceeding by any
    Governmental Entity (i) challenging the acquisition by
    Parent or Sub of any shares of Company Common Stock or Company
    Preferred Stock, seeking to restrain or prohibit the
    consummation of the Merger, or seeking to place limitations on
    the ownership of shares of Company Common Stock or Company
    Preferred Stock (or shares of common stock or preferred stock of
    the Surviving Corporation) by Parent or Sub or seeking to obtain
    from the Company, Parent or Sub any damages that are material in
    relation to the Company, (ii) seeking to prohibit or
    materially limit the ownership or operation by the Company,
    Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries of any portion of
    any

A-35



business or of any assets of the Company, Parent
    or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or to compel the
    Company, Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries to
    divest or hold separate any portion of any business or of any
    assets of the Company, Parent or any of their respective
    Subsidiaries, as a result of the Merger, (iii) seeking to
    prohibit Parent or any of its Subsidiaries from effectively
    controlling in any material respect the business or operations
    of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) otherwise
    having, or being reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse
    Effect.

(d) 
Restraints.
     No
    Restraint that would reasonably be expected to result, directly
    or indirectly, in any of the effects referred to in
    clauses (i) through (iv) of paragraph (c) of this
    Section 6.02 shall be in effect.

SECTION
6.03.     
Conditions to Obligation
of the Company.
     The obligation
of the Company to effect the Merger is further subject to the
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver on or
prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

(a) 
Representations and
    Warranties.
     The representations
    and warranties of Parent and Sub contained in this Agreement
    that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct,
    and the representations and warranties of Parent and Sub
    contained in this Agreement that are not so qualified shall be
    true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of
    the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though
    made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such
    representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier
    date, in which case as of such earlier date. The Company shall
    have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by an
    executive officer of Parent to such effect.

(b) 
Performance of Obligations of Parent
    and Sub.
     Parent and Sub shall
    have performed in all material respects all obligations required
    to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the
    Closing Date, and the Company shall have received a certificate
    signed on behalf of Parent by an executive officer of Parent to
    such effect.

SECTION
6.04.     
Frustration of Closing
Conditions.
     None of the
Company, Parent or Sub may rely on the failure of any condition
set forth in Section 6.01, 6.02 or 6.03, as the case may
be, to be satisfied if such failure was caused by such
partys failure to act in good faith or to use its
commercially reasonable efforts to consummate the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as required
by and subject to Section 5.03.

ARTICLE VII

Termination, Amendment and Waiver

SECTION
7.01.     
Termination.
     This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after receipt of the Stockholder
Approval:

(a) by mutual written consent of Parent, Sub
    and the Company;

(b) by either Parent or the Company:

(i) if the Merger shall not have been
    consummated on or before August 1, 2003; 
provided
,

however
, that the right to terminate this Agreement under
    this Section 7.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party
    whose breach of a representation or warranty in this Agreement
    or whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause of
    or resulted in the failure of the Merger to be consummated on or
    before such date;

(ii) if any Restraint having any of the
    effects set forth in Section 6.01(c) shall be in effect and
    shall have become final and nonappealable; or

(iii) if the Stockholder Approval shall not
    have been obtained at the Stockholders Meeting duly
    convened therefor or at any adjournment or postponement thereof;

A-36



(c) by Parent (i) if the Company shall
    have breached or failed to perform any of its representations,
    warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement,
    which breach or failure to perform (A) would give rise to
    the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.02(a) or
    6.02(b) and (B) is incapable of being cured by the Company
    within 30 calendar days following receipt of written notice of
    such breach or failure to perform from Parent or (ii) if
    any Restraint having the effects referred to in clauses (i)
    through (iv) of Section 6.02(c) shall be in effect and
    shall have become final and nonappealable;

(d) by the Company, if Parent shall have
    breached or failed to perform any of its representations,
    warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement,
    which breach or failure to perform (A) would give rise to
    the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.03(a) or
    6.03(b) and (B) is incapable of being cured by Parent
    within 30 calendar days following receipt of written notice of
    such breach or failure to perform from the Company;

(e) by Parent, in the event that prior to
    the obtaining of the Stockholder Approval (i) a Company
    Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred or
    (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company fails publicly
    to reaffirm its recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger or
    the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement within ten
    business days of receipt of a written request by Parent to
    provide such reaffirmation following a Takeover Proposal; or

(f) by the Company in accordance with
    Section 4.02(b).

SECTION
7.02.     
Effect of
Termination.
     In the event of
termination of this Agreement by either the Company or Parent as
provided in Section 7.01, this Agreement shall forthwith
become void and have no effect, without any liability or
obligation on the part of Parent, Sub or the Company, other than
the provisions of Section 3.01(s), Section 3.02(f),
the penultimate sentence of Section 5.02,
Section 5.06, this Section 7.02 and Article VIII,
which provisions shall survive such termination, and except with
respect to any liabilities or damages incurred or suffered by a
party as a result of the wilful and material breach (or any
termination of this Agreement resulting therefrom) by the other
party of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements set forth in this Agreement.

SECTION
7.03.     
Amendment.
     This
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time
before or after receipt of the Stockholder Approval;

provided
, 
however
, that after such approval has
been obtained, there shall be made no amendment that by law
requires further approval by the stockholders of the Company
without such approval having been obtained. This Agreement may
not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of each of the parties hereto.

SECTION
7.04.     
Extension;
Waiver.
     At any time prior to
the Effective Time, the parties may (a) extend the time for
the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the
other parties, (b) to the extent permitted by law, waive
any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained
herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto or
(c) subject to the proviso to the first sentence of
Section 7.03 and to the extent permitted by law, waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained
herein. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The
failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its
rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a
waiver of such rights.

SECTION 7.05.     
Procedure
for Termination or Amendment.
 A termination of this
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01 or an amendment of this
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.03 shall, in order to be
effective, require, in the case of Parent or the Company, action
by its Board of Directors or, with respect to any amendment of
this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.03, the duly
authorized committee of its Board of Directors to the extent
permitted by law.

A-37



ARTICLE VIII

General Provisions

SECTION 8.01.     
Nonsurvival
of Representations and Warranties.
 None of the
representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any
instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive
the Effective Time. This Section 8.01 shall not limit any
covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms
contemplates performance after the Effective Time.

SECTION 8.02.     
Notices.

Except for notices that are specifically required by the terms
of this Agreement to be delivered orally, all notices, requests,
claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally,
telecopied (which is confirmed) or sent by overnight courier
(providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):

if to Parent or Sub, to:

                    Johnson &
Johnson

                    One
Johnson & Johnson Plaza

                    New
Brunswick, NJ 08933

                    Telecopy
No.: (732) 524-2788

                    Attention:
John T. Crisan

                    with
a copy to:

                    Cravath,
Swaine & Moore

                    Worldwide
Plaza

Eighth Avenue

                    New
York, NY 10019

                    Telecopy
No.: (212) 474-3700

                    Attention:
Robert I. Townsend, III, Esq.

          if
to the Company, to:

                    Scios
Inc.

West Maude Avenue

                    Sunnyvale,
CA 94085

                    Telecopy
No.: (408) 616-8319

                    Attention:
Matthew Hooper

                    with
a copy to:

                    Latham &
Watkins LLP

                    135 Commonwealth
Drive

                    Menlo
Park, CA 94025

                    Telecopy
No.: (650) 463-2600

                    Attention:
Christopher L. Kaufman, Esq.

SECTION
8.03.     
Definitions.
 For
purposes of this Agreement:

(a) an Affiliate of any person
    means another person that directly or indirectly, through one or
    more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
    common control with, such first person;

(b) Knowledge of any person that
    is not an individual means, with respect to any matter in
    question, the actual knowledge of the persons listed on
    Section 8.03(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule;

A-38



(c) Material Adverse Change or
    Material Adverse Effect means any (i) change,
    (ii) effect, (iii) event, (iv) occurrence,
    (v) state of facts or (vi) development or developments
    which individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be
    expected to result in any change or effect, that (A) is
    materially adverse to the business, financial condition,
    properties, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise) or
    results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken
    as a whole, or (B) would reasonably be expected to prevent
    or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the
    consummation by the Company of the Merger or the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 
provided
,
    that none of the following shall be deemed, either alone or in
    combination, to constitute, and none of the following shall be
    taken into account in determining whether there has been or will
    be, a Material Adverse Effect or a Material Adverse Change: any
    change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development
    or developments (1) in financial or securities markets or
    the economy in general, including any fluctuation, in and of
    itself, in the price of shares of Company Common Stock (it being
    understood that the facts or occurrences giving rise or
    contributing to such fluctuation may be deemed to constitute, or
    be taken into account in determining whether there has been or
    will be, a Material Adverse Effect or a Material Adverse
    Change), (2) in the biopharmaceutical industry in general,
    to the extent that the effects thereof do not disproportionately
    impact the Company or (3) as a result of any failure, in
    and of itself, by the Company to meet any internal or published
    projections, forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions for
    any period ending on or after the date of this Agreement (it
    being understood that the facts or occurrences giving rise or
    contributing to such failure may be deemed to constitute, or be
    taken into account in determining whether there has been or will
    be, a Material Adverse Effect or a Material Adverse Change);

(d) person means an individual,
    corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
    venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization or
    other entity; and

(e) a Subsidiary of any person
    means another person, an amount of the voting securities, other
    voting rights or voting partnership interests of which is
    sufficient to elect at least a majority of its board of
    directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such
    voting interests, 50% or more of the equity interests of which)
    is owned directly or indirectly by such first person.

SECTION 8.04.     
Interpretation.

When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, a
Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to an
Article of, a Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The  and
headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words
include, includes or
including are used in this Agreement, they shall be
deemed to be followed by the words without
limitation. The words hereof,
herein and hereunder and words of
similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement. References to this Agreement shall
include the Company Disclosure Schedule. All terms defined in
this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any
certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto
unless otherwise defined therein. The definitions contained in
this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the
plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to
the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement,
instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any
agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such
agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time amended,
modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements
or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of
statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and
references to all attachments thereto and instruments
incorporated therein. References to a person are also to its
permitted successors and assigns.

SECTION 8.05.     
Consents
and Approvals.
 For any matter under this Agreement requiring
the consent or approval of any party to be valid and binding on
the parties hereto, such consent or approval must be in writing.

SECTION 8.06.     
Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
(including by facsimile), all of which shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become

A-39



effective when one or more counterparts have been
signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties.

SECTION 8.07.     
Entire
Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
 This Agreement and
the Confidentiality Agreement (a) constitute the entire
agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and the
Confidentiality Agreement and (b) except for the provisions
of Article II and Section 5.05, are not intended to
confer upon any person other than the parties any legal or
equitable rights or remedies.

SECTION 8.08.     
GOVERNING
LAW.
 THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, REGARDLESS
OF THE LAWS THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE GOVERN UNDER APPLICABLE
PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF.

SECTION
8.09.     
Assignment.
 Neither
this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation
of law or otherwise by any of the parties without the prior
written consent of the other parties, and any assignment without
such consent shall be null and void, except that Sub, upon prior
written notice to the Company, may assign, in its sole
discretion, any of or all its rights, interests and obligations
under this Agreement to Parent or to any direct or indirect
wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall
relieve Parent or Sub of any of its obligations hereunder.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be
binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by,
the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

SECTION 8.10.     
Specific
Enforcement; Consent to Jurisdiction.
 The parties agree that
irreparable damage would occur and that the parties would not
have any adequate remedy at law in the event that any of the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance
with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this
Agreement in any Federal court located in the State of Delaware
or in any state court in the State of Delaware, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law
or in equity. In addition, each of the parties hereto
(a) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction
of any Federal court located in the State of Delaware or of any
state court located in the State of Delaware in the event any
dispute arises out of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not
attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion
or other request for leave from any such court and
(c) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement in any court other than a Federal court located in the
State of Delaware or a state court located in the State of
Delaware.

SECTION 8.11.     
Severability.

If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or
public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.
Upon such determination that any term or other provision is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so
as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in an
acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated
hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

SECTION 8.12.     
Performance
by Sub.
 Parent hereby agrees to cause Sub to comply with its
obligations hereunder and to cause Sub to consummate the Merger
as contemplated herein, and whenever this Agreement requires Sub
to take any action, such requirement shall be deemed to include
an undertaking by Parent to cause Sub to take such action.

A-40



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company
have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective
officers hereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first
written above.

JOHNSON & JOHNSON,

     by 

/s/ Christine A. Poon

Name: Christine A. Poon

Title:

World Wide Chairman, 

     Pharmaceuticals Group and Member, 

     Executive Committee

SATURN MERGER SUB, INC.,

     by 

/s/ Christine A. Poon

Name: Christine A. Poon

Title:     President

SCIOS INC.,

     by 

/s/ Richard B. Brewer

Name: Richard B. Brewer

Title:

President and Chief Executive Officer

A-41



ANNEX I

TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Index of Defined Terms

Term

Acquisition Agreement

Section 4.02(b)

Actions

Section 4.01(d)

Adjusted Option

Section 5.04

Affiliate

Section 8.03(a)

Agreement

Preamble

Applicable ESPP Price

Section 5.04(b)

Applicable ESPP Shares

Section 5.04(b)

Appraisal Shares

Section 2.01(d)

Article VII

Section 3.01(r)

Biologic

Section 3.01(v)

Certificate

Section 2.01(c)

Certificate of Merger

Section 1.03

Class Action Suit

Section 3.01(h)

Closing

Section 1.02

Closing Date

Section 1.02

Code

Section 2.02(h)

Common Stock Merger Consideration

Section 2.01(c)

Commonly Controlled Entity

Section 3.01(k)

Company

Preamble

Company Adverse Recommendation Change

Section 4.02(b)

Company Benefit Agreements

Section 3.01(g)

Company Benefit Plans

Section 3.01(k)

Company By-laws

Section 3.01(a)

Company Certificate

Section 1.05(a)

Company Common Stock

Preamble

Company Consolidated Group

Section 3.01(n)

Company Disclosure Schedule

Section 3.01

Company Notes

Section 3.01(c)

Company Pension Plan

Section 3.01(l)

Company Preferred Stock

Preamble

Company Restricted Stock

Section 3.01(c)

Company SEC Documents

Section 3.01(e)

Company Stock-Based Awards

Section 3.01(c)

Company Stock Options

Section 3.01(c)

Company Stock Plans

Section 3.01(c)

Confidentiality Agreement

Section 5.02

Continuing Employees

Section 5.09(a)

Contract

Section 3.01(d)

DGCL

Section 1.01

Drug

Section 3.01(v)

Effective Time

Section 1.03

Environmental Laws

Section 3.01(j)

ERISA

Section 3.01(j)

ESPP

Section 3.01(c)

Exchange Act

Section 3.01(d)

Exchange Fund

Section 2.02(a)

A-42



Term

FDA

Section 3.01(j)

FDCA

Section 3.01(j)

Filed Company SEC Documents

Section 3.01

GAAP

Section 3.01(e)

Governmental Entity

Section 3.01(d)

Hazardous Materials

Section 3.01(j)

HSR Act

Section 3.01(d)

HSR Filing

Section 5.03

Intellectual Property Rights

Section 3.01(p)

IRS

Section 3.01(l)

Knowledge

Section 8.03(b)

Legal Provisions

Section 3.01(j)

Liens

Section 3.01(b)

Material Adverse Change

Section 8.03(c)

Material Adverse Effect

Section 8.03(c)

Medical Device

Section 3.01(v)

Merger

Preamble

Merger Consideration

Section 2.01(c)

Option Exchange Ratio

Section 5.04

Parent

Preamble

Parent Common Stock

Section 5.04

Paying Agent

Section 2.02(a)

Permits

Section 3.01(j)

person

Section 8.03(d)

Post-Signing Returns

Section 4.01(d)

Preferred Stock Merger Consideration

Section 2.01(c)

Premium Amount

Section 5.05(c)

Primary Company Executives

Section 3.01(m)

Proxy Statement

Section 3.01(d)

Representatives

Section 4.02(a)

Release

Section 3.01(j)

Restraints

Section 6.01(c)

SEC

Section 3.01(d)

Section 203

Section 3.01(r)

Section 262

Section 2.01(d)

Securities Act

Section 3.01(e)

Specified Compounds

Section 3.01(p)

Stockholder Approval

Section 3.01(q)

Stockholders Meeting

Section 5.01(b)

Sub

Preamble

Subsidiary

Section 8.03(e)

Superior Proposal

Section 4.02(a)

Surviving Corporation

Section 1.01

Takeover Proposal

Section 4.02(a)

taxes

Section 3.01(n)

taxing authority

Section 3.01(n)

tax returns

Section 3.01(n)

Termination Fee

Section 5.06(b)

Warrants

Section 3.01(c)

A-43



EXHIBIT A

TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Restated Certificate of
Incorporation

of the Surviving Corporation

FIRST
:     The
name of the corporation (hereinafter called the
Corporation) is Scios Inc.

SECOND
:     The
address, including street, number, city, and county, of the
registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is
Corporate Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington,
Delaware 19801, County of New Castle; and the name of the
registered agent of the Corporation in the State of Delaware at
such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD
:     The
purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or
activity for which corporations may be organized under the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

FOURTH
:     The
aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have
authority to issue is 1,000 shares of Common Stock, par
value $0.01 per share.

FIFTH
:     In
furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon
it by law, the Board of Directors of the Corporation is
expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the By-laws of
the Corporation.

SIXTH
:     To
the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware as it now exists and as it may hereafter
be amended, no director or officer of the Corporation shall be
personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director
or officer; 
provided
, 
however
, that nothing
contained in this Article SIXTH shall eliminate or limit
the liability of a director or officer (i) for any breach
of the directors or officers duty of loyalty to the
Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions
not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law, (iii) pursuant to
Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware or (iv) for any transaction from which the
director or officer derived an improper personal benefit. No
amendment to or repeal of this Article SIXTH shall apply to
or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any
director or officer of the Corporation for or with respect to
any acts or omissions of such director or officer occurring
prior to such amendment or repeal.

SEVENTH
:     The
Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as the same may be amended and supplemented, indemnify
any and all persons whom it shall have power to indemnify under
said Section from and against any and all of the expenses,
liabilities, or other matters referred to in or covered by said
Section. Such indemnification shall be mandatory and not
discretionary. The indemnification provided for herein shall not
be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those
indemnified may be entitled under any by-law, agreement, vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to
action in his or her official capacity and as to action in
another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue
as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer,
employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs,
executors, and administrators of such a person. Any repeal or
modification of this Article SEVENTH shall not adversely
affect any right to indemnification of any persons existing at
the time of such repeal or modification with respect to any
matter occurring prior to such repeal or modification.

The Corporation shall to the fullest extent
permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware advance all costs and expenses (including, without
limitation, attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by any
director or officer within 15 days of the presentation of
same to the Corporation, with respect to any one or more
actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, so long as the Corporation
receives from the director or officer an unsecured undertaking
to repay such expenses if it shall ultimately be determined that
such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified by
the Corporation under the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware. Such obligation to advance costs and expenses shall
be mandatory, and not discretionary, and shall include,

A-44



without limitation, costs and expenses incurred
in asserting affirmative defenses, counterclaims and cross
claims. Such undertaking to repay may, if first requested in
writing by the applicable director or officer, be on behalf of
(rather than by) such director or officer, provided that in such
case the Corporation shall have the right to approve the party
making such undertaking.

EIGHTH
:     Unless
and except to the extent that the By-laws of the Corporation
shall so require, the election of directors of the Corporation
need not be by written ballot.

A-45



ANNEX B

[J.P. Morgan Logo]

February 10, 2003

The Board of Directors

Scios Inc.

820 West Maude Avenue

Sunnyvale, CA 94085

Members of the Board of Directors:

You have requested our opinion as to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
common stock, par value $.001 per share (the Company
Common Stock), of Scios Inc. (the Company) of
the consideration to be received by such holders in the proposed
merger (the Merger) of the Company with a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson (the
Merger Partner). Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan
of Merger (the Agreement) among the Company, the
Merger Partner and a subsidiary of the Merger Partner, the
Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Merger
Partner (Merger Sub), and each outstanding share of
Company Common Stock, other than shares of Company Common Stock
owned by the Company, the Merger Partner or Merger Sub and such
sub, will be converted into the right to receive consideration
equal to $45.00 per share in cash.

In arriving at our opinion, we have
(i) reviewed a draft dated February 10, 2003 of the
Agreement; (ii) reviewed certain publicly available
business and financial information concerning the Company and
the industries in which it operates; (iii) compared the
proposed financial terms of the Merger with the publicly
available financial terms of certain transactions involving
companies we deemed relevant and the consideration received for
such companies; (iv) compared the financial and operating
performance of the Company with publicly available information
concerning certain other companies we deemed relevant and
reviewed the current and historical market prices of the Company
Common Stock and certain publicly traded securities of such
other companies; (v) reviewed certain internal financial
analyses and forecasts prepared by the management of the Company
relating to its business; (vi) reviewed the proposed joint
venture terms relating to the Companys p38 kinase drug
program; and (vii) performed such other financial studies
and analyses and considered such other information as we deemed
appropriate for the purposes of this opinion.

In addition, we have held discussions with
certain members of the management of the Company with respect to
certain aspects of the Merger, and the past and current business
operations of the Company, the financial condition and future
prospects and operations of the Company, and certain other
matters we believed necessary or appropriate to our inquiry.

In giving our opinion, we have relied upon and
assumed, without independent verification, the accuracy and
completeness of all information that was publicly available or
was furnished to us by the Company or otherwise reviewed by us,
and we have not assumed any responsibility or liability
therefor. We have not conducted any valuation or appraisal of
any assets or liabilities, nor have any such valuations or
appraisals been provided to us. In relying on financial analyses
and forecasts provided to us, we have assumed that they have
been reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments by management
as to the expected future results of operations and financial
condition of the Company to which such analyses or forecasts
relate. We have also assumed that the Merger will be consummated
as described in the Agreement. We have relied as to all legal
matters relevant to rendering our opinion upon the advice of
counsel. We have also assumed that the definitive Agreement will
not differ in any material respects from the draft thereof
furnished to us.

Our opinion is necessarily based on economic,
market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information
made available to us as of, the date hereof. It should be
understood that subsequent developments may affect this opinion
and that we do not have any obligation to update, revise, or
reaffirm this opinion. Our opinion is limited to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be
received by the holders of the Company

B-1



Common Stock in the proposed Merger and we
express no opinion as to the underlying decision by the Company
to engage in the Merger.

We have acted as financial advisor to the Company
with respect to the proposed Merger and will receive a fee from
the Company for our services. We will also receive an additional
fee if the proposed Merger is consummated. As we have previously
advised you, we and our affiliates, in the ordinary course of
business, have from time to time provided, and in the future may
continue to provide, for customary compensation, commercial and
investment banking services to the Company and the Merger
Partner. In the ordinary course of our businesses, we and our
affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity securities of
the Company or the Merger Partner for our own account or for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, we may at any time hold
long or short positions in such securities.

On the basis of and subject to the foregoing, it
is our opinion as of the date hereof that the consideration to
be received by the holders of the Company Common Stock in the
proposed Merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to such
holders.

This letter is provided to the Board of Directors
of the Company in connection with and for the purposes of its
evaluation of the Merger. This opinion does not constitute a
recommendation to any shareholder of the Company as to how such
shareholder should vote with respect to the Merger or any other
matter. This opinion may not be disclosed, referred to, or
communicated (in whole or in part) to any third party for any
purpose whatsoever except with our prior written approval. This
opinion may be reproduced in full in any proxy or information
statement mailed to shareholders of the Company but may not
otherwise be disclosed publicly in any manner without our prior
written approval.

Very truly yours,

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES INC.

B-2



ANNEX C

GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF
DELAWARE

Section 262.     Appraisal
Rights.

(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this
State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a
demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this section with
respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares
through the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who
has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section
and who has neither voted in favor of the merger or
consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to
 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal
by the Court of Chancery of the fair value of the
stockholders shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As
used in this section, the word stockholder means a
holder of record of stock in a stock corporation and also a
member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words
stock and share mean and include what is
ordinarily meant by those words and also membership or
membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and
the words depository receipt mean a receipt or other
instrument issued by a depository representing an interest in
one or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a
corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for
the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent
corporation in a merger or consolidation to be effected pursuant
to  251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
 251(g) of this title),  252,
 254,  257,  258,
 263 or  264 of this title:

(1) Provided, however, that no appraisal
    rights under this section shall be available for the shares of
    any class or series of stock, which stock, or depository
    receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to
    determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to
    vote at the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of
    merger or consolidation, were either (i) listed on a
    national securities exchange or designated as a national market
    system security on an interdealer quotation system by the
    National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or
    (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further
    provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any
    shares of stock of the constituent corporation surviving a
    merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote
    of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as provided in
    subsection (f) of  251 of this title.

(2)     Notwithstanding
    paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights under
    this section shall be available for the shares of any class or
    series of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders
    thereof are required by the terms of an agreement of merger or
    consolidation pursuant to  251, 252, 254, 257,
    258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for such stock anything
    except:

a.     Shares of stock
    of the corporation surviving or resulting from such merger or
    consolidation, or depository receipts in respect thereof;

b.     Shares of stock
    of any other corporation, or depository receipts in respect
    thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in
    respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of
    the merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national
    securities exchange or designated as a national market system
    security on an interdealer quotation system by the National
    Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of record by
    more than 2,000 holders;

c.     Cash in lieu of
    fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in
    the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this paragraph; or

d.     Any combination
    of the shares of stock, depository receipts and cash in lieu of
    fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in
    the foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this paragraph.

C-1



(3)     In the event all
    of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation party to a
    merger effected under  253 of this title is not owned
    by the parent corporation immediately prior to the merger,
    appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of the
    subsidiary Delaware corporation.

(c)     Any corporation
may provide in its certificate of incorporation that appraisal
rights under this section shall be available for the shares of
any class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to
its certificate of incorporation, any merger or consolidation in
which the corporation is a constituent corporation or the sale
of all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation. If
the certificate of incorporation contains such a provision, the
procedures of this section, including those set forth in
subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as
nearly as is practicable.

(d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as
follows:

(1) If a proposed merger or consolidation
    for which appraisal rights are provided under this section is to
    be submitted for approval at a meeting of stockholders, the
    corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,
    shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record
    date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
    rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c)
    hereof that appraisal rights are available for any or all of the
    shares of the constituent corporations, and shall include in
    such notice a copy of this section. Each stockholder electing to
    demand the appraisal of such stockholders shares shall
    deliver to the corporation, before the taking of the vote on the
    merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of such
    stockholders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it
    reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
    stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand
    the appraisal of such stockholders shares. A proxy or vote
    against the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a
    demand. A stockholder electing to take such action must do so by
    a separate written demand as herein provided. Within
    10 days after the effective date of such merger or
    consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall
    notify each stockholder of each constituent corporation who has
    complied with this subsection and has not voted in favor of or
    consented to the merger or consolidation of the date that the
    merger or consolidation has become effective; or

(2) If the merger or consolidation was
    approved pursuant to  228 or  253 of this
    title, then either a constituent corporation before the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving
    or resulting corporation within 10 days thereafter shall
    notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of
    such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal
    rights of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that
    appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of such
    class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and
    shall include in such notice a copy of this section. Such notice
    may, and, if given on or after the effective date of the merger
    or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder
    entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the
    date of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the
    surviving or resulting corporation the appraisal of such
    holders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it
    reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
    stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand
    the appraisal of such holders shares. If such notice did
    not notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or
    consolidation, either (i) each such constituent corporation
    shall send a second notice before the effective date of the
    merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders of any
    class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that
    are entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the
    merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting
    corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders
    on or within 10 days after such effective date; provided,
    however, that if such second notice is sent more than
    20 days following the sending of the first notice, such
    second notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is
    entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal of
    such holders shares in accordance with this subsection. An
    affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the
    transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give
    either notice that such notice has been given shall, in the
    absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated
    therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled
    to receive either notice, each constituent corporation may fix,
    in advance, a record date that shall be not more than
    10 days prior to the date the notice is given,

C-2



provided, that if the notice is given on or after
    the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the record
    date shall be such effective date. If no record date is fixed
    and the notice is given prior to the effective date, the record
    date shall be the close of business on the day next preceding
    the day on which the notice is given.

(e) Within 120 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting
corporation or any stockholder who has complied with
subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise
entitled to appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court
of Chancery demanding a determination of the value of the stock
of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any
time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to
withdraw such stockholders demand for appraisal and to
accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation.
Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the
requirements of subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon
written request, shall be entitled to receive from the
corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of
shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and
with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received
and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written
statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days
after such stockholders written request for such a
statement is received by the surviving or resulting corporation
or within 10 days after expiration of the period for
delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d)
hereof, whichever is later.

(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by
a stockholder, service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the
surviving or resulting corporation, which shall within
20 days after such service file in the office of the
Register in Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly
verified list containing the names and addresses of all
stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and with
whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the
petition shall be filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a duly
verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the
Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the
surviving or resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown
on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice shall
also be given by 1 or more publications at least 1 week
before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general
circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or
such publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the
notices by mail and by publication shall be approved by the
Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or
resulting corporation.

(g) At the hearing on such petition, the
Court shall determine the stockholders who have complied with
this section and who have become entitled to appraisal rights.
The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by
certificates to submit their certificates of stock to the
Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the
appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply
with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to
such stockholder.

(h) After determining the stockholders
entitled to an appraisal, the Court shall appraise the shares,
determining their fair value exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to
be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In
determining such fair value, the Court shall take into account
all relevant factors. In determining the fair rate of interest,
the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate
of interest which the surviving or resulting corporation would
have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the
proceeding. Upon application by the surviving or resulting
corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate in the
appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit
discovery or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial
upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the
stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name
appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and
who has submitted such stockholders certificates of stock
to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may

C-3



participate fully in all proceedings until it is
finally determined that such stockholder is not entitled to
appraisal rights under this section.

(i) The Court shall direct the payment of
the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by
the surviving or resulting corporation to the stockholders
entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the
Court may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such
stockholder, in the case of holders of uncertificated stock
forthwith, and the case of holders of shares represented by
certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Courts decree
may be enforced as other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be
enforced, whether such surviving or resulting corporation be a
corporation of this State or of any state.

(j) The costs of the proceeding may be
determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court
deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon application of a
stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the
appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of experts, to be
charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to
an appraisal.

(k) From and after the effective date of the
merger or consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded
appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of this
section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or
to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the
stock (except dividends or other distributions payable to
stockholders of record at a date which is prior to the effective
date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that if
no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time
provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such
stockholder shall deliver to the surviving or resulting
corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholders
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or
consolidation, either within 60 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation as provided in
subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the
written approval of the corporation, then the right of such
stockholder to an appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court of Chancery
shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of
the Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms
as the Court deems just.

(l) The shares of the surviving or resulting
corporation to which the shares of such objecting stockholders
would have been converted had they assented to the merger or
consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued
shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

C-4



DETACH HERE IF YOU ARE RETURNING YOUR PROXY
CARD BY MAIL

PROXY

THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS OF

SCIOS INC.

SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                  ,

By signing below, you, as a stockholder of Scios
Inc., hereby appoint Richard B. Brewer and Matthew R. Hooper, or
either of them, proxies and attorneys-in-fact, with full power
to each of substitution, on your behalf and in your name, to
represent you at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of Scios
Inc. to be held
on                   ,
2003, and at any adjournments or postponements thereof, and to
vote all of your shares of Common Stock on all matters to be
considered at the meeting which you would be entitled to vote if
personally present. The meeting will begin at 10:00 a.m.,
local time, at the Stanford Park Hotel, 100 El Camino Real,
Menlo Park, California 94025.

THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED IN THE MANNER YOU
DIRECT OR, IF NO CONTRARY DIRECTION IS INDICATED, WILL BE VOTED
FOR THE PROPOSAL AND AS THE PROXIES DEEM ADVISABLE
ON SUCH OTHER MATTERS AS MAY PROPERLY COME BEFORE THE MEETING
(OR ANY ADJOURNMENTS OR POSTPONEMENTS THEREOF) OR MAY OTHERWISE
BE ALLOWED TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE MEETING.

SEE REVERSE SIDE

CONTINUED AND TO BE SIGNED ON REVERSE SIDE

SEE REVERSE SIDE



SCIOS INC.

C/ O EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY N.A.

P.O. Box 8694

Edison, NJ 08818-8694

         Please
mark

[X]    votes as
in

         this
example.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE
FOR THE PROPOSAL.

Proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of
    Merger, dated as of February 10, 2003, among Johnson &
    Johnson, Saturn Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
    Johnson & Johnson, and Scios Inc., pursuant to which Saturn
    Merger Sub, Inc. will be merged into Scios Inc., each share of
    common stock of Scios Inc. outstanding immediately prior to the
    effective time of the merger (other than shares directly owned
    by Johnson & Johnson, Saturn Merger Sub, Inc. or Scios Inc.,
    which will be canceled) will be converted into the right to
    receive $45.00 in cash, without interest, and each share of
    Series B preferred stock of Scios Inc. outstanding
    immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (other
    than shares directly owned by Johnson & Johnson, Saturn
    Merger Sub, Inc. or Scios Inc., which will be canceled) will be
    converted into the right to receive $4,500.00 in cash, without
    interest

FOR

    [  ]

AGAINST

    [  ]

ABSTAIN

    [  ]

MARK HERE FOR ADDRESS CHANGE AND NOTE AT LEFT
    [   ]

After you have marked and dated this proxy,
    please sign exactly as your name appears on this card and return
    this card promptly in the enclosed envelope. If the shares being
    voted are registered in the names of two or more persons,
    whether as joint tenants, as community property or otherwise,
    both or all of such persons should sign. If you are signing as
    attorney, executor, administrator, trustee or guardian or if you
    are signing in another fiduciary capacity, please give your full
    title as such. If a corporation, please sign in full corporate
    name by President or other authorized person. If a partnership,
    please sign in partnership name by authorized person.

Signature:

Date:

Signature:

----------------

    Date:

GRAPHIC

f87862f8786200.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 f87862f8786200.gif
M1TE&.#EAKP!-`/?_````````,P``9@``F0``S```_P`S```S,P`S9@`SF0`S
MS``S_P!F``!F,P!F9@!FF0!FS`!F_P"9``"9,P"99@"9F0"9S`"9_P#,``#,
M,P#,9@#,F0#,S`#,_P#_``#_,P#_9@#_F0#_S`#__S,``#,`,S,`9C,`F3,`
MS#,`_S,S`#,S,S,S9C,SF3,SS#,S_S-F`#-F,S-F9C-FF3-FS#-F_S.9`#.9
M,S.99C.9F3.9S#.9_S/,`#/,,S/,9C/,F3/,S#/,_S/_`#/_,S/_9C/_F3/_
MS#/__V8``&8`,V8`9F8`F68`S&8`_V8S`&8S,V8S9F8SF68SS&8S_V9F`&9F
M,V9F9F9FF69FS&9F_V:9`&:9,V:99F:9F6:9S&:9_V;,`&;,,V;,9F;,F6;,
MS&;,_V;_`&;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD``)D`,YD`9ID`F9D`S)D`_YDS`)DS
M,YDS9IDSF9DSS)DS_YEF`)EF,YEF9IEFF9EFS)EF_YF9`)F9,YF99IF9F9F9
MS)F9_YG,`)G,,YG,9IG,F9G,S)G,_YG_`)G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P``,P`
M,\P`9LP`F
D(V@1:+A2AZRTW_^%+KZM\\.M"48O;WJ@R!;E$0CW/K3A\?)?[XL_#SB]
M0/WQS5#8>_')1U]]"ZVWWT0%FC?0
8=>+M)MZ)%$G70G#`L84CBB0M)-U7!2E8
M6F3+M08B9]*E%YYTW564W6$D7A
=>*48V()
M%7GH-60D`E^"V>9_G27TID5HWJ7FFG9*%Z>,,W8Y)Y.'Q9GC8U?FV5:5>R+X
ME78"*C3D0R!..A%%%0)VH:)F-BJ4D.7Y9]=C$$%H9'ON2?G8IN7MZ&F*"HG_
M"%BD`QDI:D*F+KD:GJM:9.*K06JY86&VECIGL:E>Q*F!JA;(*+`6*3>L0,@*
MRJ5?88JT+(Z9M@IM5\K)"ABUNH)Z[:F[:MOK18%TJ]V/KQ8G+IS8(F?LM66:
MQY*[/HZ$77S?IA74BJ->1NF@4+(D';S*>AGPGPQ)F)B?!U]+*/-OS83H$L
M_#!'R$J'JJ2#OGFE11T_EO&^ZWX+
MLZ\P,MRHN1.N!2.@,<954=H;PHLWP`]#KHQU>5_.6[5`SUV'=,+J
M;K@UL'`#[MN&=$_WFX4L+:ORXHS'&M^M1188N=L48<
XOZSRZ+O!-+-8>VT&I1WN[7KGO7E?OOL.5>O"_ATU\6<8?[U7`RA;_/.
MOPU]]&I.WY>GUE]???;:`\F]:-Y_WSU]XJMV8/FQD8^^^;.M?_MK[N].6_SO
;4T:_[X/=?[Q<^C=/7/_0XQ,`K?>I`98O(``[
`
end

GRAPHIC

f87862f8786201.gif

GRAPHIC

begin 644 f87862f8786201.gif
M1TE&.#EA&@`G`/?_````````,P``9@``F0``S```_P`S```S,P`S9@`SF0`S
MS``S_P!F``!F,P!F9@!FF0!FS`!F_P"9``"9,P"99@"9F0"9S`"9_P#,``#,
M,P#,9@#,F0#,S`#,_P#_``#_,P#_9@#_F0#_S`#__S,``#,`,S,`9C,`F3,`
MS#,`_S,S`#,S,S,S9C,SF3,SS#,S_S-F`#-F,S-F9C-FF3-FS#-F_S.9`#.9
M,S.99C.9F3.9S#.9_S/,`#/,,S/,9C/,F3/,S#/,_S/_`#/_,S/_9C/_F3/_
MS#/__V8``&8`,V8`9F8`F68`S&8`_V8S`&8S,V8S9F8SF68SS&8S_V9F`&9F
M,V9F9F9FF69FS&9F_V:9`&:9,V:99F:9F6:9S&:9_V;,`&;,,V;,9F;,F6;,
MS&;,_V;_`&;_,V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD``)D`,YD`9ID`F9D`S)D`_YDS`)DS
M,YDS9IDSF9DSS)DS_YEF`)EF,YEF9IEFF9EFS)EF_YF9`)F9,YF99IF9F9F9
MS)F9_YG,`)G,,YG,9IG,F9G,S)G,_YG_`)G_,YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P``,P`
M,\P`9LP`F
W
&K+G!RQ*O9:^MI#
MM('#[AR(%"W>QDPM;M9)\6%NOIPQ&^084R3/S5974^2X0NYMC7NM**

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----