URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1107332/000103221003000511/0001032210-03-000511.txt

	CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206254545

S-4

ds4.htm

FORM S-4

Form S-4



As filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2003 
Registration No.
333-                 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM S-4 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
Under 
The Securities Act of 1933 

DENDREON CORPORATION 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware

22-3203193

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

First Avenue 
Seattle, Washington 98121 
(877) 256-4545 
(address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of Registrants principal executive offices) 

Mitchell H. Gold, M.D. 
Chief Executive Officer 
Dendreon Corporation 
3005 First Avenue 
Seattle, Washington 98121 
(877) 256-4545 
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) 

COPIES TO: 

John J. Halle, Esq.

L. John Stevenson, Jr., Esq.

Christopher J.
Voss, Esq.

Stoel Rives LLP

600 University Street, Suite 3600

Seattle, Washington

(206) 624-0900

Barbara L. Borden, Esq.

Carl R. Sanchez, Esq.

Deyan P. Spiridonov,
Esq.

Cooley Godward LLP

4401 Eastgate Mall

San Diego, CA 92121

(858) 550-6000

Approximate Date of Commencement of Proposed Sale to the Public:
    As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement and the effective time of the merger described herein.

If the securities being registered on this Form
are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with General Instruction G, check the following box.  
 

If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering.  
 

If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  
 

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE 

Title of Each Class of

Securities to be Registered

Amount to be

Registered (1)

Proposed

Maximum

Offering Price

Per Unit

Proposed

Maximum

Aggregate

Offering Price (2)

Amount of

Registration Fee

Common Stock, $.001 par value, including related rights to purchase Series A junior
participating preferred stock

15,800,000 shares

N/A

$63,726,667

$5,160

(1)

Based upon the maximum number of shares of Dendreon common stock that may be issued in connection with the first merger described in this registration statement.

(2)

Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1) under the Securities Act of 1933. The calculation of the registration
fee is based on $1.815, the average of the high and low per share prices of the common stock, $.001 par value per share, of Corvas International, Inc., as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market on March 26, 2003. 

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until
the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. 



The information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is not complete and may be changed. Dendreon may not
sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these
securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. 

Subject to Completion, dated March 31, 2003 

Merger
ProposedYour Vote Is Important 

Dendreon Corporation and Corvas International, Inc. have agreed to the combination of the two companies under the terms of a merger agreement. We are proposing the combination because we believe it will benefit the stockholders of
both companies by creating greater stockholder value and by allowing stockholders to participate in a larger, more diversified company. We also believe that the combination enhances Dendreons potential to become a top-tier biotechnology
company with a more diverse portfolio of therapeutic drug candidates and opportunities to develop successful therapeutic products in areas of large unmet needs. 

The combination will be completed by means of two sequential mergers. 



In the first merger, a subsidiary of Dendreon will be merged with and into Corvas, and Corvas stockholders will receive 0.45 of a share of Dendreon common stock for
each share of Corvas common stock that they own. 



Immediately thereafter, in the second merger, Corvas will be merged with and into a limited liability company of which Dendreon is the sole member, with Corvas
becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon existing in the form of a limited liability company. No additional shares of Dendreon common stock will be issued in the second merger. 

We estimate that Dendreon will issue approximately 12.4
million shares of common stock in the first merger and that immediately thereafter Corvas stockholders will hold approximately 31.7% of the then-outstanding shares of Dendreon common stock, based on the number of shares of Dendreon and Corvas common
stock outstanding on March 25, 2003. After the combination, Dendreon stockholders will continue to own their existing shares of Dendreon common stock, which will not be affected by the combination. 

Dendreon common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market
under the trading symbol DNDN. On [        ], 2003, Dendreon common stock closed at $[        ] per share as reported on the Nasdaq National
Market. 

The combination cannot be completed
unless the Dendreon stockholders approve the issuance of shares of Dendreon common stock in the first merger and the Corvas stockholders adopt the merger agreement. The obligations of Dendreon and Corvas to complete the combination are also subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of several closing conditions. 

More information about Dendreon, Corvas and the combination is contained or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. We encourage you to read this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the section
entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 21, before voting. 

The board of directors of Dendreon has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the issuance of shares of Dendreon common stock in the first merger, and the board of directors of Corvas has unanimously approved the
merger agreement. Dendreons board of directors unanimously recommends that Dendreon stockholders vote 
FOR
 the proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Dendreon common stock in the first merger. The Corvas board of
directors unanimously recommends that Corvas stockholders vote 
FOR
 the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. 

Dendreon has scheduled its Annual Meeting and Corvas has scheduled a Special Meeting of stockholders in connection with the respective
votes required. In addition to considering and voting on the proposed issuance of common stock in the first merger, stockholders at the Dendreon Annual Meeting will elect directors and transact other business as described herein. The dates, times
and places of the Dendreon and Corvas meetings are as follows: 

For Dendreon Stockholders:

For Corvas Stockholders:

Dendreon Corporation

Hilton La Jolla Torrey Pines

3005 First Avenue

10950 North Torrey Pines Road

Seattle, Washington 98121

La Jolla, California 92037

Date & Time: [        ], 2003 at 10:00
a.m.

Date & Time: [        ]

Your
vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Dendreon Annual Meeting or the Corvas Special Meeting, please take the time to vote by completing and mailing to us the enclosed proxy card or by submitting your voting instructions over
the Internet or by telephone, if those options are available to you. 

Sincerely yours, 

Mitchell H. Gold, M.D.

Randall E. Woods

Chief Executive Officer

President and Chief Executive Officer

Dendreon Corporation

Corvas International, Inc.

NEITHER THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE COMBINATION DESCRIBED IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS OR THE DENDREON CORPORATION COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMBINATION, OR
DETERMINED IF THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS ACCURATE OR ADEQUATE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 

THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS DATED [        ], 2003 AND IS FIRST BEING MAILED TO STOCKHOLDERS OF
DENDREON CORPORATION ON OR ABOUT [        ], 2003 AND TO STOCKHOLDERS OF CORVAS INTERNATIONAL, INC. ON OR ABOUT [        ], 2003. 



DENDREON CORPORATION 
3005 First Avenue 
Seattle, Washington 98121

NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 
TO BE HELD ON [        ], 2003 

TO THE
STOCKHOLDERS OF DENDREON CORPORATION: 

Notice is
hereby given that the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of DENDREON CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (Dendreon), will be held on [        ]
[        ], 2003 at 10:00 a.m., Pacific time, at Dendreons corporate offices, located at 3005 First Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98121, for the following purposes: 

1.  To consider and vote upon a
proposal, which we also refer to as the combination proposal, to approve the issuance of shares of Dendreon common stock in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 24, 2003 (Merger Agreement), by and
among Dendreon, Seahawk Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon (Merger Sub), Charger Project LLC, a Delaware limited liability company of which Dendreon is the sole member (Charger
LLC), and Corvas International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Corvas). Pursuant to the merger agreement, among other things: (a) Merger Sub will merge with and into Corvas, with Corvas surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Dendreon; and (b) immediately thereafter, Corvas will merge with and into Charger LLC, with Charger LLC surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon. As a part of the first merger, each outstanding share of Corvas common stock, $.001 par value
per share, will be converted into 0.45 of a share of Dendreon common stock, $.001 par value per share, all as more fully set forth in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus and in the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached thereto
as 
Annex A
. 

2.  To elect three directors to hold office until the 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

3.  To approve amendments to the Dendreon 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (Equity Incentive Plan) to (a)
increase the number of shares of Dendreon common stock authorized for issuance under the Equity Incentive Plan by 2,000,000 shares; (b) increase the number of shares of Dendreon common stock that may be added annually to the Equity Incentive Plan
from 550,000 shares to 750,000 shares; and (c) permit the assumption of existing options, stock bonuses and restricted stock that were granted or issued by another corporation and assumed by Dendreon in connection with a merger, consolidation or
other corporate reorganization in which Dendreon is a party. 

4.  To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors of Dendreon for its fiscal year ending December 31, 2003. 

5.  To transact such other business
as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. 

The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the joint proxy statement/prospectus accompanying this Notice. 
The board of directors unanimously recommends that Dendreon stockholders
vote FOR each of the proposals and FOR each nominee to the Dendreon board of directors identified in the joint proxy statement/prospectus.

All Dendreon stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting. If you plan to attend the
Annual Meeting, please contact investor relations at (877) 256-4545 or ir@dendreon.com. Even if you plan to be present, the board of directors requests that you promptly complete, sign, date and mail the enclosed proxy or vote by telephone or the
Internet. If you attend the meeting, you may, if you wish, withdraw your proxy and vote in person. 



A special
committee of the board of directors has fixed the close of business on [        ], 2003, as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at this Annual Meeting
and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. 

By Order of the Board of Directors 

T. Dennis George, J.D. 
Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs, 
General Counsel and Secretary 

Seattle, Washington 
[        ], 2003 

WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE IN ORDER TO ENSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE MEETING. A RETURN
ENVELOPE (WHICH IS POSTAGE PREPAID IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES) IS ENCLOSED FOR THAT PURPOSE. YOU ALSO MAY VOTE YOUR SHARES ON THE INTERNET OR BY TELEPHONE BY FOLLOWING THE INSTRUCTIONS ON YOUR PROXY CARD. 

EVEN IF YOU HAVE GIVEN YOUR PROXY, YOU MAY STILL VOTE IN PERSON IF YOU ATTEND
THE MEETING. PLEASE NOTE, HOWEVER, THAT IF YOUR SHARES ARE HELD OF RECORD BY A BROKER, BANK OR OTHER NOMINEE AND YOU WISH TO VOTE AT THE MEETING, YOU MUST OBTAIN FROM THE RECORD HOLDER A PROXY ISSUED IN YOUR NAME. 



CORVAS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
3030 Science Park Road 
San Diego, CA
92121-1146 
(858) 455-9800 

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 
TO BE HELD ON
[        ], 2003 

TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF CORVAS INTERNATIONAL,
INC.: 

Notice is hereby given that a Special
Meeting of Stockholders of CORVAS INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (Corvas), will be held on [        ], [        ] 2003 at
[        ], Pacific time, at the Hilton La Jolla Torrey Pines, located at 10950 North Torrey Pines Road, La Jolla, California, 92037, for the following purposes: 

1.

To consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 24, 2003 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Dendreon
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Dendreon), Seahawk Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon (Merger Sub), Charger Project LLC, a Delaware limited liability company of which
Dendreon is the sole member (Charger LLC), and Corvas, pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub will merge with and into Corvas, with Corvas surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon; and immediately thereafter Corvas
will merge with and into Charger LLC, with Charger LLC surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon (collectively, with the merger of Merger Sub and Corvas, the Combination), and each outstanding share of Corvas common stock, $.001
par value per share, will be converted into 0.45 of a share of Dendreon common stock, $.001 par value per share, all as more fully set forth in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus and in the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is
attached thereto as 
Annex A
; and 

2.

To consider and transact such other matters which may properly come before the Special Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

The Corvas stockholders of record
at the close of business on [        ], 2003, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Special Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. At the close of business on the record date,
Corvas had [        ] shares of common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. 

Your vote is important. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Corvas common stock is required to
adopt the Merger Agreement. Even if you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person, we request that you complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy to ensure that your shares will be represented at the Special Meeting if you are unable to
attend. If you sign, date and return your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote for the adoption of the Merger Agreement. If you fail to return your proxy card, your shares will not be counted for
purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Special Meeting and will have the effect of counting as a vote against the adoption of the Merger Agreement. 

If your shares are held in the name of your broker, bank or other nominee, you must obtain a proxy, executed
in your favor, from the holder of record to be able to vote at the Special Meeting. 

The Corvas board of directors (1) has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and declared the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement advisable, (2) has
unanimously declared that it is in the best interest of Corvas stockholders that Corvas enter into the Merger Agreement and complete the Combination on the terms and conditions in the Merger Agreement, and (3) unanimously recommends that you vote
FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement. 

By Order of the Board of Directors, 

Randall E. Woods 
President and Chief Executive Officer  
Corvas International, Inc. 

San Diego, California 
[        ], 2003 



ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about
Dendreon from other documents that are not included in, incorporated by reference or delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For a listing of the documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, please
see the section entitled Where You Can Find Additional Information beginning on page 146. 

Dendreon will provide you with copies of this information, without charge, upon written or oral request to: 

Dendreon Corporation 
3005 First Avenue 
Seattle, Washington 98121 
(877) 256-4545 
Attn: Investor Relations 

In addition, you may obtain copies of the information relating to Dendreon, without charge, by sending an e-mail to ir@dendreon.com or by making a request through the Dendreon investor relations Web
site at http://www.dendreon.com/legal/den_legal_notice_global_main.html. None of the information on the Dendreon Web site is a part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

In order for you to receive timely delivery of the documents in advance of the Dendreon Annual Meeting,
Dendreon should receive your request no later than [        ], 2003. 

Dendreon

, the
Dendreon logo, DACS

, Provenge

, Simplesep Enrichment System

, Mylovenge

, Myezenium

, Neuvenge

, Neuzenium

, Provenge

, Prozenium

 and the Antigen Delivery Cassette

 are trademarks of Dendreon Corporation. CORVAS

 and the Corvas logo are trademarks of Corvas International, Inc. All other trademarks appearing or incorporated by
reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus are the property of their respective owners. 



 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 

SUMMARY 

General

The Parties to the Combination

The Annual Meeting of Dendreon Stockholders

The Special Meeting of Corvas Stockholders

Recommendation of the Board of Directors of Dendreon

Recommendation of the Board of Directors of Corvas

Opinion of Financial Advisor of Dendreon

Opinion of Financial Advisor of Corvas

The Combination 

Risk Factors

No Appraisal Rights in the Combination

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

Comparative Rights of Corvas Stockholders Before and After the Combination

Market Price and Dividend Data 

Dendreon Selected Historical Financial Data

Corvas Selected Historical Financial Data

Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Data of Dendreon and Corvas

Comparative Historical and Pro Forma Combined Per Share Data

RISK FACTORS

Risks Related to the Combination 

Risks Related to the Business of Dendreon 

Risks Related to the Business of Corvas 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

THE DENDREON ANNUAL MEETING 

Date, Time and Place 

Matters to be Considered at the Annual Meeting 

Recommendation of the Board of Directors 

Record Date 

Quorum 

Stockholders Entitled to Vote 

Vote Required 

Lock-up and Voting Agreements 

Proxies 

Revocability of Proxies 

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses 

THE CORVAS SPECIAL MEETING 

Date, Time and Place 

Matters to be Considered at the Special Meeting 

Recommendation of the Board of Directors 

Record Date 

Quorum 

Stockholders Entitled to Vote 

Vote Required 

Lock-up and Voting Agreements 

Proxies 

Other Business; Adjournments 

Revocability of Proxies 

i 



Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses 

Assistance 

DENDREON AND CORVAS PROPOSAL 1THE COMBINATION 

General 

Background of the Combination 

Dendreons Reasons for the Combination

Corvas Reasons for the Combination 

Opinion of Dendreons Financial Advisor

Opinion of Corvas Financial Advisor 

Interests of Certain Persons in the Combination 

Management and Operations After the Combination 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 

Accounting Treatment of the Combination 

Resale of Dendreon Common Stock to be Issued in the First Merger 

Listing of Dendreon Common Stock to be Issued in the First Merger 

Delisting and Deregistration of Corvas Common Stock 

Dissenters Appraisal Rights 

Litigation Related to the Combination 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT 

General

Effective Time and Effect of the First Merger 

Effective Time and Effect of the Second Merger 

Exchange of Shares 

Representations and Warranties 

Conduct of the Business of Dendreon and Corvas 

Other Agreements and Covenants 

Conditions To Consummation of the First Merger 

Termination of the Merger Agreement 

Fees and Expenses; Termination Fees 

Amendment of the Merger Agreement; Waiver of Conditions 

LOCK-UP AND VOTING AGREEMENTS

The Lock-up and Voting Agreements Between Dendreon and Certain Stockholders of Corvas

The Lock-up and Voting Agreements Between Corvas and Certain Stockholders of Dendreon

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF DENDREON AND CORVAS

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2002

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2002

Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements

BUSINESS OF DENDREON

BUSINESS OF CORVAS 

CORVAS MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF CORVAS

SECURITY OWNERSHIP BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF CORVAS

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICE INFORMATION AND DIVIDEND POLICY 

COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF DENDREON AND CORVAS STOCKHOLDERS 

Capital Stock 

Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Adjournments

Action by Written Consent of the Stockholders 

Notice of Board Nomination and Other Stockholder Business 

ii 



Number and Election of Directors 

Removal of Directors; Vacancies 

Notice of Special Meetings of the Board of Directors 

Limitation on Liability 

Indemnification

Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Effect of the Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute; Interested Stockholder Transactions 

Rights Agreements 

DENDREON PROPOSAL 2ELECTION OF DIRECTORS OF DENDREON 

Composition and Classification of the Board of Directors 

Information Regarding Nominees and Continuing Directors 

Board Committees and Meetings 

Compensation of Directors 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 

DENDREON PROPOSAL 3AMENDMENT OF THE DENDREON
2000 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

General

Proposed Plan Amendments

Description of the Equity Incentive Plan

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

Recommendation and Required Affirmative Vote

DENDREON PROPOSAL 4RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF DENDREON 

MANAGEMENT AND CERTAIN SECURITYHOLDERS OF DENDREON 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of Dendreon 

Executive Officers of Dendreon 

Executive Compensation 

Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT COMPARISON 

OTHER MATTERS

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 

Dendreon Proposals 

Corvas Proposals 

LEGAL MATTERS 

EXPERTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

INDEX TO CORVAS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FS-1

iii 



ANNEXES

ANNEX AAGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

ACOV-1

ANNEX BFORM OF LOCK-UP AND VOTING AGREEMENT BETWEEN DENDREON AND

CERTAIN CORVAS STOCKHOLDERS

B-1

ANNEX CFORM OF LOCK-UP AND VOTING AGREEMENT BETWEEN

CORVAS AND CERTAIN DENDREON STOCKHOLDERS

C-1

ANNEX DOPINION OF NEEDHAM & COMPANY, INC.

D-1

ANNEX EOPINION OF LAZARD FRRES & CO. LLC

E-1

ANNEX FDENDREON CORPORATION 2000 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN, AS

AMENDED

F-1

ANNEX GCHARTER OF DENDREON AUDIT COMMITTEE

G-1

iv 



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 

Q:

Why am I receiving this joint proxy statement/prospectus? 

A:

Dendreon and Corvas have agreed to the acquisition of Corvas by Dendreon under the terms of a merger agreement that is described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The merger agreement calls for two sequential mergers, as further described herein, which we refer to together as the combination. A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex
A
. 

In order to complete the
combination, Dendreon stockholders must vote for a proposal, which we also refer to as the combination proposal, to approve the issuance of shares of Dendreon common stock in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, and Corvas stockholders
must vote to adopt the merger agreement. 

Dendreon and Corvas will hold separate meetings of their respective stockholders to obtain approval of the combination proposal and adoption of the merger agreement and, in the case of Dendreon, the election of three directors and
the approval of certain other matters. This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains important information about the combination and the meetings of the respective stockholders of Dendreon and Corvas, and you should read it carefully. The enclosed
voting materials allow you to vote your shares without attending your respective stockholders meeting. 

Your vote is important. We encourage you to vote as soon as possible. 

Q:

Why are Dendreon and Corvas proposing the combination? 

A:

We believe that the combination will provide significant strategic and financial benefits to the stockholders of both companies by creating a combined company
with a more diversified technology base and product pipeline that enhances Dendreons potential to become a top-tier biotechnology company. The combination 
will create a stronger,
more competitive and sustainable enterprise. 

Q:

What will happen in the combination? 

A:

Initially, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon will merge with and into Corvas, with Corvas surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon. In the first
merger, each outstanding share of Corvas common stock will be converted into 0.45 of a share of Dendreon common stock. Holders of Corvas common stock will be entitled to receive an amount in cash equal to the market value of any fraction of a share
resulting from the conversion. 

Example: If you own 100 shares of Corvas common stock on the effective date of the first merger, then, as a result of the first merger, you will receive 45 shares of Dendreon common stock. 

Based on the number of shares of Dendreon and Corvas common
stock outstanding on March 25, 2003, we estimate that Dendreon will issue approximately 12.4 million shares of common stock in the first merger and that immediately after the first merger the former Corvas stockholders, in the aggregate, will
own approximately 31.7% of the then-outstanding shares of Dendreon common stock. 

Immediately after the first merger, Corvas will merge with and into a limited liability company of which Dendreon is the sole member, with the limited liability company surviving as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Dendreon. The second merger will not cause any change in the ownership of Dendreon common stock and the only material non-tax consequence of the second merger will be to cause the business of Corvas to be owned by Dendreon through a
limited liability company rather than a corporation. 

Q:

Will the combination be taxable to me? 

A:

It is expected that Corvas stockholders who exchange their shares of Corvas common stock 



for shares of Dendreon common stock pursuant to the merger agreement will not recognize any gain or loss on the exchange for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, except with respect to the cash, if any, received in lieu of fractional shares of Dendreon common stock. Dendreon stockholders will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the combination. We encourage you to read The
CombinationMaterial U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences beginning on page 71 for a more complete discussion of the federal income tax consequences of the combination. 

Tax matters can be complicated and the tax consequences of the
combination to you will depend on your particular tax situation. We urge you to consult your tax advisor to fully understand the tax consequences of the combination to you. 

Q:

Am I entitled to appraisal rights? 

A:

No. Under Delaware law, neither the holders of Dendreon common stock nor the holders of Corvas common stock are entitled to appraisal rights in connection
with the combination. 

Q:

Will the combination affect the board of directors of Dendreon? 

A.

Yes. At the Dendreon Annual Meeting, Dendreon stockholders will elect three directors to terms expiring in 2006. Seven other directors, whose terms expire
either in 2004 or in 2005, will not be considered for re-election at the Annual Meeting. The merger agreement provides that, if the first merger is consummated, Dendreon will cause two directors of Corvas to be appointed to Dendreons board of
directors, which will continue to consist of ten directors. To accomplish that, a Dendreon director who has been nominated for election at the Annual Meeting to serve an additional term expiring in 2006, and one of the current Dendreon directors
whose term expires in 2005, will resign effective as of the date of the first merger. Dendreons board of directors will then appoint one former director of Corvas to fill the remaining term of 
the director elected at the Dendreon Annual Meeting, and one former director of Corvas to fill the remaining term of the Dendreon director whose term expires in 2005. 

Q:

When do you expect the combination to be completed? 

A:

The parties are working to complete the combination as quickly as possible. In addition to obtaining stockholder approval, the parties must satisfy other
closing conditions. Dendreon and Corvas currently expect to complete the combination promptly following the Dendreon Annual Meeting, which is scheduled for May 22, 2003, and the Corvas Special Meeting, which is scheduled for
[        ], 2003. 

Q:

Where and when are the stockholder meetings? 

A:

The Dendreon Annual Meeting will be held on [        ],
[        ], 2003 at 10:00 a.m., Pacific time, at Dendreons corporate offices, located at 3005 First Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98121. 

The Corvas Special Meeting will be held on
[        ], [        ], 2003 at [        ], Pacific time, at the Hilton La Jolla Torrey Pines, located at 10950
North Torrey Pines Road, La Jolla, California, 92037. 

Q:

How does my companys board of directors recommend that I vote? 

A:

The Dendreon board of directors unanimously recommends that Dendreon stockholders vote 
FOR
 the combination proposal, 
FOR

the approval of the amendments to the Dendreon 2000 Equity Incentive Plan, or Equity Incentive Plan, 
FOR 
ratification of Ernst & Young LLP as Dendreons independent auditors, and 
FOR
 each of the
nominees to the Dendreon board of directors. 

The Corvas board of directors unanimously recommends that Corvas stockholders vote 
FOR
 the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. 



Q:

What vote of the Dendreon stockholders is required to approve the combination proposal? 

A:

Assuming a quorum is present at the Dendreon Annual Meeting, at least a majority of the total votes cast, in person or by proxy, must be voted 
FOR

the combination proposal for it to be adopted. In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, the directors and executive officers and certain other stockholders of Dendreon represented on the board of directors have agreed to vote all of
the shares of Dendreon common stock owned by them in favor of the combination proposal. As of [        ], 2003, these Dendreon directors, executive officers and stockholders collectively owned
approximately [        ]% of the outstanding shares of Dendreon common stock. 

Q:

What vote of the Corvas stockholders is required to adopt the merger agreement? 

A:

The holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Corvas common stock must vote 
FOR
 the adoption of the merger agreement. In
connection with the execution of the merger agreement, each of the directors and executive officers of Corvas has agreed to vote all of the shares of Corvas common stock that he or she owns in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement. As of
[        ], 2003, these Corvas directors and executive officers collectively owned approximately [        ]% of the outstanding shares of Corvas common
stock. 

Q:

What do I need to do now? 

A:

After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, please complete, sign and date your proxy and
return it in the enclosed postage-paid return envelope as soon as possible. If you sign and send in your proxy and do not indicate how you want to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote in favor of the combination proposal or adoption of the
merger agreement, as the case may be. With respect to the other matters to be voted on by stockholders at the Dendreon Annual Meeting, your proxy will be counted as a vote for approval on those 
matters and for election of the directors nominees. 

Stockholders who own their shares of record also may submit a proxy over the Internet or by telephone. For specific instructions on how to use the Internet or the
telephone to submit a proxy, please refer to the instructions on your proxy card. 

Q:

What happens if I am a Corvas stockholder and do not submit a proxy or vote in person at the Corvas Special Meeting? 

A:

Because the required vote of Corvas stockholders is based upon the number of outstanding shares of common stock as of the record date for the Corvas Special
Meeting, rather than upon the shares actually voted, the failure by the holder of any shares of Corvas common stock to submit a proxy or to vote in person at the Corvas Special Meeting, including abstentions and broker non-votes, will have the same
effect as a vote against the adoption of the merger agreement. 

Q:

What happens if I am a Dendreon stockholder and do not submit a proxy or vote in person at the Annual Meeting? 

A:

Assuming a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting, the approval of the combination proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast in
person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting. The amendments to the Equity Incentive Plan and the ratification of the selection of Dendreons independent auditors require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Dendreon common stock entitled to
vote on the subject matter at a meeting at which a quorum is present. Directors will be elected by a plurality of the common stock voting at a meeting at which a quorum is present. Therefore, unless your failure to submit a proxy or vote in person
at the Annual Meeting contributes to the failure to achieve a quorum, if you neither submit a proxy nor vote in person at the Annual Meeting, or if you abstain with respect to the combination proposal, each of the proposals will be decided by the
stockholders who do vote. 



Q:

Is the approval of the combination proposal contingent upon the approval of the other proposals to be considered at the Dendreon Annual Meeting?

A:

No. Approval of the combination proposal is not contingent upon approval of any other proposal submitted to the Dendreon stockholders for a vote at the
Dendreon Annual Meeting. Approval of the combination proposal will not be affected if a Dendreon stockholder votes 
AGAINST
 any other proposal. 

Q:

Can I change my vote after I have delivered my proxy? 

A:

Yes. You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at the applicable stockholders meeting. You can do this in one of three ways. First, you
can send a written notice stating that you would like to revoke your proxy. Second, you can complete and submit a new proxy bearing a later date. If you choose either of these two methods, you must submit your notice of revocation or your new proxy
to the Secretary of Dendreon or Corvas, as the case may be, before the applicable stockholders meeting. If you have submitted your proxy via telephone or the Internet, you can revoke your proxy by the same means, if you do so by the time
stated on your proxy card. Instructions for doing this are given on pages 33 and 36. Third, you can attend the meeting and deliver a signed notice of revocation, deliver a later-dated duly executed proxy, or vote in person. Attendance at the meeting
will not, in and of itself, result in the revocation of a proxy or cause your shares to be voted. 

Q:

Can I attend the meeting and vote my shares in person? 

A:

Yes. All Dendreon and Corvas stockholders are invited to attend their respective companys stockholder meeting. Stockholders of record as of the record
date can vote in person at their respective stockholder meetings. If your shares are held in street name, then you are not the stockholder of record and you must ask your broker, bank or other nominee how you can vote at your respective stockholder
meeting. 

Q:

If my shares are held in street name by my broker or bank, will my broker or bank vote my shares for me? 

A:

Except with respect to a vote of the Dendreon stockholders in favor of the board nominees to Dendreons board of directors and ratification of the
selection of Dendreons independent auditors, your broker or bank will vote your shares only if you provide instructions on how to vote. You should follow the directions provided by your broker or bank regarding how to instruct your broker or
bank to vote your shares. 

Q:

What if I fail to instruct my broker or bank about how to vote? 

A:

If you are a Corvas stockholder, failure to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares will have the same effect as a vote against the
adoption of the merger agreement. If you are a Dendreon stockholder, failure to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares in favor of the combination proposal or the amendments to the Equity Incentive Plan will result in those
matters being decided by the Dendreon stockholders who do vote on those matters. 

Q:

What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials? 

A:

You may receive more than one set of voting materials, including multiple copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and multiple proxy cards or voting
instruction cards. For example, if you hold your shares in more than one brokerage account, you will receive a separate proxy or voting instruction card for each brokerage account in which you hold shares. If you are a holder of record and your
shares are registered in more than one name, you will receive more than one proxy card or voting instruction card. In addition, if you are a stockholder of Dendreon and a stockholder of Corvas, you will receive one or more separate proxy cards or
voting instruction cards for each company. Please complete, sign, date and return each proxy card and voting instruction card that you receive. 



Q:

If I am a Corvas stockholder, should I send in my stock certificates now? 

A:

No. After the combination is completed, you will receive a transmittal form with instructions for the surrender of Corvas stock certificates. Please do not
send in your stock certificates with your proxy. 

Q:

Who can help answer my questions? 

A:

If you are a Dendreon stockholder and you have any questions about the combination proposal or other matters to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting, or if you
need additional copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy, you should contact Julie Rathbun at Dendreon Corporation, 3005 First Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98121, tel. (877) 256-4545, or by email to ir@dendreon.com.

If you are a Corvas stockholder and you have any questions about the combination or if you need additional copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy, you should contact
Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. at 17 State Street, 10th Floor, New York, New York 10004, tel. (800) 223-2064. 

You also may obtain additional information about Dendreon and Corvas from the documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or SEC, or by following the instructions in the section entitled Where You Can Find Additional Information on page 146. 



SUMMARY 

The
following is a summary of information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This summary may not contain all of the information about the combination that is important to you. For a more complete description of the combination and
other matters to come before the Dendreon and Corvas stockholders, you should carefully read this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the attached annexes. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and reference is made thereto for a complete description of the terms of the combination. In addition, Dendreon and Corvas encourage you to read the information incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, which includes important business and financial information about Dendreon that it has filed with the SEC. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus without charge by
following the instructions in the section entitled Where You Can Find Additional Information. All information concerning Dendreon included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus has been furnished by
Dendreon, and all information concerning Corvas included herein has been furnished by Corvas. 

General (See page 38) 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus relates to the proposed combination of Dendreon and Corvas pursuant to the merger agreement, whereby Corvas will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon. This joint proxy
statement/prospectus also relates to the Annual Meeting of Dendreon stockholders at which stockholders will elect three directors and act on certain other matters. 

The Parties to the Combination (See page 95) 

Dendreon Corporation
.    Dendreon is a biotechnology company dedicated to the discovery and development of novel products for the treatment of diseases through innovative manipulation of the immune
system. Dendreons product pipeline is focused on cancer, and includes therapeutic vaccines, monoclonal antibodies, and small molecule product candidates. The principal executive offices of Dendreon are located at 3005 First Avenue, Seattle,
Washington 98121, and its telephone number is (877) 256-4545. 

Corvas International, Inc
.    Corvas is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of new biotherapeutics that address large medical markets, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. The
principal executive offices of Corvas are located at 3030 Science Park Road, San Diego, California 92121, and its telephone number is (858) 455-9800. 

Seahawk Acquisition,
Inc
.    Seahawk Acquisition, Inc., which we refer to as Merger Sub, was formed on February 19, 2003 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon to serve as a vehicle to effect the first merger. Merger Subs address and
telephone number are the same as Dendreons. 

Charger Project LLC
.    Charger Project LLC, which we refer to as Charger LLC, was formed on February 21, 2003 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon to serve as a vehicle to effect the second merger.
Charger LLCs address and telephone number are the same as Dendreons. 

The Annual Meeting of Dendreon Stockholders (See page 31) 

Time, Date and Place
.    The Dendreon Annual Meeting will be held on [        ],
[        ], 2003 at 10:00 a.m., Pacific time, at Dendreons corporate offices, located at 3005 First Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98121. 

Purpose of Meeting
.    At the Dendreon Annual Meeting, stockholders will be asked
to consider and vote on the combination proposal, elect three directors, amend the Equity Incentive Plan, ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as Dendreons independent auditors, and such other matters as may be properly brought before
the meeting. 

Solicitation
.    The form of proxy accompanying the joint proxy statement/prospectus to be mailed to Dendreon stockholders is solicited on behalf of the board of directors of Dendreon for use at the 



Dendreon Annual Meeting, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purposes set forth herein and in the accompanying meeting
notice. Dendreon intends to mail the joint proxy statement/prospectus and accompanying proxy card on or about [        ], 2003, to all the stockholders of Dendreon entitled to vote at the Dendreon
meeting. 

Dendreon and Corvas will share equally
the expense (other than attorneys fees) of preparing and filing this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and Dendreon will bear the cost of solicitation of proxies from its stockholders, including the printing and mailing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the proxy card and any additional information furnished to Dendreon stockholders. Copies of solicitation materials will be furnished to banks, brokerage houses, fiduciaries and custodians holding in their names shares of
Dendreons common stock beneficially owned by others to forward to such beneficial owners. Dendreon may reimburse persons representing beneficial owners of Dendreons common stock for the costs of forwarding solicitation materials to such
beneficial owners. Original solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone, facsimile or personal solicitation by directors, officers or other employees of Dendreon. No additional compensation will be paid to directors, officers or
other employees for such services. In addition, Dendreon has retained Mellon Investor Services LLC to assist it in soliciting proxies for the Annual Meeting. 

Record Date, Quorum and Shares Entitled to Vote.
    Only holders of record of shares of Dendreon common stock
at the close of business on [        ], 2003 are entitled to vote at the Dendreon Annual Meeting and at any adjournments or postponements thereof. As of
[        ], 2003, there were outstanding [        ] shares of Dendreon common stock which are entitled to vote at the Dendreon Annual Meeting. Each share of
Dendreon common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter to be voted upon at the Dendreon Annual Meeting. 

The presence either in person or by properly authorized proxy of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Dendreon common
stock entitled to vote at the Dendreon Annual Meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum at such meeting. If a quorum is not present at the meeting, either the 
chairman of the meeting or
the stockholders present, by vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote thereon, may adjourn the meeting, and at any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present any business may be transacted that might have been
transacted at the meeting as originally held and proxies will be voted as directed. 

All votes will be tabulated by the inspector of election appointed for the meeting, who will separately tabulate affirmative and negative votes, abstentions and broker non-votes. Abstentions are
treated as shares present and entitled to vote at the meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum. Broker non-votes are generally treated as shares present and entitled to vote at the meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum if the broker is
granted a limited proxy or has the authority to vote on a specific proposal at the meeting. Broker non-votes are not counted for any purpose in determining whether a proposal has been approved. Abstentions with respect to the combination proposal
are not counted in determining whether that matter has been approved. Abstentions with respect to the proposed Equity Incentive Plan amendments and the ratification of the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as Dendreons independent auditors
will have the effect of negative votes on those proposals. 

Voting Via the Internet or by Telephone.
    The Delaware General Corporation Law, under which Dendreon is incorporated, specifically permits electronically transmitted proxies, provided that each such proxy
contains or is submitted with information from which the inspector of election can determine that such proxy was authorized by the stockholder. Dendreon stockholders may grant a proxy to vote their shares by means of the telephone or on the
Internet. 

The telephone and Internet voting
procedures are described on the proxy cards. They are designed to authenticate stockholders identities, to allow stockholders to grant or revoke a proxy to vote their shares and to confirm that stockholders instructions have been
recorded properly. Stockholders granting a proxy to vote by telephone or the Internet should understand that there may be costs associated with electronic access, such as usage charges from Internet access providers and telephone companies, that
must be borne by such stockholders. 



Votes
submitted by Dendreon stockholders by telephone or the Internet must be received by 4:00 p.m., Eastern time, on [        ], 2003. Submitting your proxy by telephone or the Internet will not affect a
Dendreon stockholders right to vote in person should a Dendreon stockholder decide to attend the Dendreon Annual Meeting. 

Proxies and Revocation of Proxies
.    The enclosed Dendreon proxy card permits each Dendreon stockholder to
specify that shares be voted 
FOR
 or 
AGAINST
 (or 
ABSTAIN
 from) the combination proposal, the amendments to the Equity Incentive Plan, and ratification of the independent auditors, and

FOR
 or to 
WITHHOLD
 a vote for all or any individual nominee for election as a director. If properly executed and returned, such proxies will be voted in accordance with the choices specified. Where a signed
proxy card is returned, but no choice is specified, the shares will be voted 
FOR
 the combination proposal, election of the three nominees as directors, the amendments to the Equity Incentive Plan, and ratification of Ernst &
Young as independent auditors. 

Any Dendreon
stockholder giving a proxy pursuant to this solicitation has the power to revoke it at any time before it is voted. It may be revoked by filing a written notice of revocation or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date with the Secretary of
Dendreon at its address set forth herein for the delivery of proxies, or it may be revoked by attending the meeting and voting in person. If you have submitted your proxy via the telephone or Internet, you can revoke your proxy by the same means, if
you do so by the time stated on your proxy card. Attendance at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke a proxy. 

Certain Voting Information
.    As of [        ], 2003, Dendreon
directors and executive officers and certain stockholders represented on Dendreons board of directors, as a group, owned approximately [        ]% of the outstanding Dendreon common stock entitled
to vote at the Dendreon Annual Meeting. These directors, officers and stockholders have agreed to vote all outstanding shares of Dendreon common stock owned by them for approval of the combination proposal. 

Other Matters
.    Representatives of Ernst & Young LLP, Dendreons independent auditors, are expected to be present at the Dendreon Annual Meeting. 

Required Vote.
    For the
combination proposal to be approved, a majority of the total votes cast in person or by proxy must vote in favor of the proposal. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Dendreon common stock present in person
or by proxy at the Dendreon Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal is required to approve the amendments to the Equity Incentive Plan and to ratify the selection of Ernst & Young as the companys independent auditors. Directors
will be elected by a plurality of votes cast. Each share of Dendreon common stock is entitled to one vote at the Dendreon Annual Meeting.

The Special Meeting of Corvas Stockholders  (See page 34) 

Time, Date and Place
.    The Corvas Special Meeting will be held on [        ], 2003 at
[        ], Pacific time, at the Hilton La Jolla Torrey Pines, located at 10950 North Torrey Pines Road, La Jolla, California, 92037. 

Purpose of Meeting
.    At the Corvas Special Meeting, stockholders of Corvas will
be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the merger agreement and such other matters as may be properly brought before the meeting. 

Solicitation
.    The form of proxy accompanying the joint proxy statement/prospectus to be mailed to Corvas
stockholders is solicited on behalf of the board of directors of Corvas for use at the Corvas Special Meeting, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purposes set forth herein and in the accompanying meeting notice. Corvas intends to
mail this joint proxy statement/prospectus and accompanying proxy card on or about [        ], 2003, to all the stockholders of Corvas entitled to vote at the Corvas Special Meeting. 

Corvas and Dendreon will share equally the expense (other than
attorneys fees) of preparing and filing this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and 



Corvas will bear the cost of solicitation of proxies from its stockholders, including the printing and mailing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the proxy card and any additional information furnished to Corvas stockholders. Copies of solicitation materials will be furnished to banks, brokerage houses, fiduciaries and custodians holding in their names shares of Corvas
common stock beneficially owned by others to forward to such beneficial owners. Corvas may reimburse persons representing beneficial owners of Corvas common stock for the costs of forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. Original
solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone, facsimile or personal solicitation by directors, officers or other employees of Corvas. No additional compensation will be paid to directors, officers or other employees for such
services. In addition, Corvas has retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. to assist it in soliciting proxies for the Special Meeting. 

Record Dates, Quorum and Shares Entitled to Vote.
    Only holders of record of shares of Corvas common stock at
the close of business on [        ], 2003 are entitled to vote at the Corvas Special Meeting. At the close of business on [        ], 2003, there were
outstanding [        ] shares of Corvas common stock which are entitled to vote at the Corvas Special Meeting and at any adjournments or postponements thereof. Each share of Corvas common stock is
entitled to one vote at the Corvas Special Meeting. 

The presence either in person or by properly authorized proxy of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Corvas common stock entitled to vote at the Corvas Special Meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum at such
meeting. If a quorum is not present at the meeting, either the chairman of the meeting or the stockholders present, by vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote thereon, may adjourn the meeting for the purpose of
soliciting additional proxies, and at any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally held and proxies will be voted as directed. 

All votes will be tabulated by the inspector of election
appointed for the meeting, who will 
separately tabulate affirmative and negative votes, abstentions and broker non-votes. Abstentions are treated as shares present and entitled to vote at
the meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum. Broker non-votes are generally treated as shares present and entitled to vote at the meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum if the broker is granted a limited proxy or has the authority to
vote on a specific proposal at a meeting. For purposes of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as negative votes. 

Voting Via the Internet or by Telephone.
    The Delaware General Corporation Law,
under which Corvas is incorporated, specifically permits electronically transmitted proxies, provided that each such proxy contains or is submitted with information from which the inspector of election can determine that such proxy was authorized by
the stockholder. Corvas stockholders may grant a proxy to vote their shares by means of the telephone or on the Internet. 

The telephone and Internet voting procedures are described on the proxy cards. They are designed to authenticate stockholders
identities, to allow stockholders to grant a proxy to vote their shares and to confirm that stockholders instructions have been recorded properly. Stockholders granting a proxy to vote by telephone or the Internet should understand that there
may be costs associated with electronic access, such as usage charges from Internet access providers and telephone companies, that must be borne by the stockholders. 

Votes submitted by Corvas stockholders by telephone or the Internet must be received by
[        ], Pacific time, on [        ], [        ] , 2003. Submitting your proxy by telephone or the Internet
will not affect a Corvas stockholders right to vote in person should a Corvas stockholder decide to attend the Corvas Special Meeting. 

Proxies and Revocation of Proxies
.    The enclosed Corvas proxy card permits each stockholder to specify that
shares be voted 
FOR
 or 
AGAINST
 (or 
ABSTAIN
 from) the adoption of the merger agreement. If properly executed and returned, such proxies will be voted in accordance with the choice specified.
Where a signed proxy card 



is returned, but no choice is specified, the shares will be voted 
FOR
 adoption of the merger agreement. 

Any Corvas stockholder giving a proxy pursuant to this
solicitation has the power to revoke it at any time before it is voted. It may be revoked by filing a written notice of revocation or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date with the Secretary of Corvas at its address set forth herein for the
delivery of proxies, or it may be revoked by attending the meeting and voting in person. Attendance at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke a proxy. 

Certain Voting Information
.    As of [        ], 2003, Corvas
directors and executive officers, as a group, beneficially owned [        ] shares (or approximately [        ]%) of the outstanding Corvas common stock
entitled to vote at the Corvas Special Meeting. All directors and executive officers of Corvas have agreed to vote all outstanding shares of Corvas common stock beneficially owned by them for the adoption of the merger agreement. 

Other Matters
.    Representatives
of KPMG LLP, Corvas independent auditors, are expected to be present at the Corvas Special Meeting. 

Required Vote
.    The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Corvas common
stock is required to adopt the merger agreement. Each share of Corvas common stock is entitled to one vote at the Corvas Special Meeting. 

Recommendation of the Board of Directors of Dendreon (See page 31) 

Dendreons board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the issuance of Dendreon common stock pursuant thereto and unanimously recommends that the Dendreon stockholders
vote 
FOR
 the combination proposal, 
FOR
 the three nominees for election as directors, 
FOR
 the amendments to the Equity Incentive Plan, and 
FOR
 ratification of Ernst &
Young LLP as the companys independent auditors. 

Recommendation of the Board of Directors of Corvas (See page 34) 

Corvas board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and unanimously 
recommends that the Corvas stockholders vote

FOR
 adoption of the merger agreement. In considering the recommendation of the Corvas board of directors with respect to the combination, Corvas stockholders should be aware that certain directors and officers of Corvas have
interests in the combination different from the interests of other Corvas stockholders. See The CombinationInterests of Certain Persons in the Combination. 

Opinion of Financial Advisor of Dendreon  (See page 55) 

The Dendreon board of directors has received the opinion of Needham & Company, Inc. (Needham & Company), Dendreons financial advisor in connection with the combination, that,
as of the date of the merger agreement, the Conversion Number (as defined in the merger agreement) at which Corvas common stock will be exchanged for Dendreon common stock is fair to the stockholders of Dendreon from a financial point of view. A
copy of Needham & Companys opinion is attached as 
Annex D
 to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and should be read in its entirety for information with respect to the assumptions made, and matters considered, by Needham
& Company in rendering its opinion. 

Opinion of Financial Advisor of Corvas  (See page 60) 

The Corvas board of directors has received the opinion of Lazard Frres & Co. LLC (Lazard Frres), Corvas financial advisor in connection with the
combination, that, as of the date of the merger agreement, the consideration offered to the holders of shares of Corvas common stock pursuant to the first merger is fair to such stockholders from a financial point of view. A copy of Lazard
Frres opinion is attached as 
Annex E
 to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and should be read in its entirety for information with respect to the assumptions made, and matters considered, by Lazard Frres in rendering
its opinion. 

The Combination (See page 38) 

General
.    In the first merger, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Corvas, and Dendreon will 



thereby acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Corvas. Merger Sub will cease to exist as a separate corporation and Corvas will
be the surviving corporation in the first merger. Immediately after the first merger, Corvas will merge with and into a limited liability company of which Dendreon is the sole member, with the limited liability company surviving as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Dendreon. The second merger will not cause any change in the ownership of Dendreon common stock and the only material non-tax consequence of the second merger will be to cause the business of Corvas to be owned by Dendreon through a
limited liability company rather than a corporation. 

Conversion of Shares
.    In the first merger, each outstanding share of Corvas common stock will be converted into 0.45 of a share of Dendreon common stock. The stockholders of Dendreon will continue to
hold their shares of capital stock of Dendreon without any change in number, designation, terms or rights. For a summary of the differences between the rights of Corvas stockholders and the rights of Dendreon stockholders, see Comparative
Rights of Dendreon and Corvas Stockholders. 

Effective Time of the First Merger
.    Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, the first merger is expected to become effective as soon as practicable after the Dendreon Annual Meeting
and the Corvas Special Meeting. See The Merger AgreementEffective Time and Effect of the First Merger. 

Conditions to the First Merger
.    The obligations of Dendreon and Corvas to effect the first merger are
subject to certain conditions, including, among other things, that the combination proposal shall have been approved by the holders of Dendreon common stock and that the merger agreement shall have been adopted by the holders of Corvas common stock.
Other than the required stockholder approvals, substantially all of the conditions to the obligation of Dendreon or Corvas to consummate the first merger may be waived or modified by the party that is entitled to the benefits thereof. 

Stock Options.
    Pursuant to the
merger agreement, each outstanding option to acquire shares of Corvas common stock will be assumed by Dendreon and will entitle the holder thereof to 
acquire Dendreon common stock based on
the Conversion Number, and the exercise price of such option will be correspondingly adjusted. 

Amendment, Termination and Waiver
.    The merger agreement may be amended at any time, provided that after the combination proposal has been approved by the stockholders of
Dendreon and the merger agreement has been adopted by the stockholders of Corvas, it may be amended only as permitted by applicable law. Under certain conditions, the merger agreement may be terminated prior to the effective time of the first
merger, whether before or after the approval of the combination proposal by the Dendreon stockholders or adoption of the merger agreement by the Corvas stockholders. The conditions under which the merger agreement may be terminated include
termination by mutual consent of Dendreon and Corvas, termination by either party if the first merger has not been consummated by August 24, 2003, termination by either party upon the failure of either Dendreon or Corvas to receive the requisite
stockholder approval relating to the combination at the Dendreon Annual Meeting or the Corvas Special Meeting, or adjournments or postponements thereof, and termination by either Dendreon or Corvas if there has been a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the other company that has not been cured within the prescribed cure period and that has had a material adverse effect on the breaching company. The merger agreement also may be terminated by either
Dendreon or Corvas if the recommendation of the combination by the board of directors of the other principal party is withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to such party or if the board of directors of the other principal party engages in
certain activity inconsistent with the consummation of the first merger. The merger agreement may be terminated by Corvas if it receives an unsolicited superior offer for a merger, sale of substantial assets or similar transaction, and its board of
directors determines in good faith that failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to result in a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable law. See The Merger AgreementConditions to Consummation of the First
Merger, Amendment of the Merger Agreement; Waiver of Conditions and  Termination of the Merger Agreement. 



Termination
Fee
.    If the merger agreement is terminated, the merger agreement provides, in certain specified circumstances, for the payment by one party to the other of a termination fee of $2.187 million. See The Merger
AgreementFees and Expenses; Termination Fees. 

Solicitation of Third-Party Offers
.    In the merger agreement, each of Dendreon and Corvas has agreed not to solicit, initiate, encourage, induce or facilitate proposals or offers, or take certain other
actions, relating to competing acquisition proposals, but each is permitted to supply information to third parties and cooperate or assist or engage in discussions or negotiations with third parties relating to such a proposal if the appropriate
board of directors determines in good faith that failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to result in a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable law. See The Merger AgreementOther Agreements and Covenants.

Surrender of Share
Certificates
.    After the effective time of the first merger, each stockholder of Corvas will be entitled to receive, upon surrender of certificates previously representing shares of Corvas common stock, certificates
representing the number of full shares of Dendreon common stock to which such stockholder is entitled pursuant to the merger agreement. No fractional shares of Dendreon common stock will be issued, and holders of Corvas common stock will be entitled
to receive an amount in cash equal to the value of any such fraction of a share based upon the closing price of Dendreon common stock on the Closing Date, as defined in the merger agreement. See The Merger AgreementExchange of
Shares. 

STOCKHOLDERS OF CORVAS SHOULD NOT SURRENDER THEIR
STOCK CERTIFICATES UNTIL THEY RECEIVE TRANSMITTAL MATERIALS, WHICH WILL BE MAILED FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVE TIME. 

Management after the Combination
.    After the combination, Dendreons board will consist of two former
directors of Corvas and eight continuing directors of Dendreon. The executive officers of Dendreon after the combination are expected to include all of the present executive officers of 
Dendreon. See The CombinationManagement and Operations After the Combination and Management and Certain Securityholders of Dendreon. 

Risk Factors (See page 21) 

Ownership of Dendreon common stock and the business to be conducted by Dendreon after the combination involve certain risks, including but not limited to risks associated with combining the two companies. 

No Appraisal Rights in the Combination  (See page 75) 

Dendreon stockholders and Corvas stockholders will not be entitled to demand appraisal of, or to receive any appraisal payment for, their shares in connection with the combination. 

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences  (See page 71) 

As a condition to Corvas obligation to consummate the first merger, Corvas must have received the opinion of its counsel, Cooley Godward LLP, to the effect that the combination will constitute a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Code). As a condition to Dendreons obligation to consummate the first merger, Dendreon must have received the opinion of its
counsel, Stoel Rives LLP, to the effect that the combination will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. 

Comparative Rights of Corvas Stockholders Before and After the Combination (See page 126) 

The rights of the stockholders of Corvas are currently governed by Delaware law and by Corvas Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws. At the effective time of the first merger, Corvas stockholders will become stockholders of Dendreon, and their rights as Dendreon stockholders will be governed by Delaware law and by Dendreons Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. 



Market Price and Dividend Data (See page 125) 

The shares of Dendreon common stock and the shares of Corvas common stock are each listed on the Nasdaq National Market. The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low closing sale prices per share
of Dendreon common stock and Corvas common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market: 

Dendreon

Corvas

High

Low

High

Low

First Quarter

$

14.81

$

6.78

$

13.88

$

7.09

Second Quarter

16.73

5.81

12.02

8.00

Third Quarter

16.30

7.40

12.49

5.25

Fourth Quarter

11.76

8.05

7.05

5.30

First Quarter

9.80

3.25

7.30

5.68

Second Quarter

6.76

2.00

5.98

2.15

Third Quarter

4.14

1.40

2.24

1.24

Fourth Quarter

5.75

2.81

1.68

1.24

First Quarter (through March 25, 2003)

6.40

4.07

1.92

1.35

On February 24, 2003, the last trading day prior to the public announcement of the combination, the closing sale prices per share of
Dendreon common stock and Corvas common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market were $5.79 and $1.42, respectively. On [        ], 2003, the last trading day for which closing sale prices were
available at the time of the printing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the closing sale prices per share of Dendreon common stock and Corvas common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market were
$[        ] and $[        ], respectively. Neither Dendreon nor Corvas has paid cash dividends on shares of its common stock. 

Before the effective time of the first merger, Dendreon will
cause the shares of Dendreon common stock issuable in connection with the first merger to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market. 



Dendreon Selected Historical Financial Data 

Set forth below is a summary of selected historical financial information with respect to Dendreon as of the dates and for the periods indicated. The statements of operations data set forth below for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 and the balance sheets data as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 have been derived from Dendreons financial statements which have been audited and are incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by
reference. The statements of operations data set forth below for the fiscal years ended December 1999 and 1998 and the balance sheets data as of December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 have been derived from Dendreons financial statements which have
been audited, but are not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The following selected historical financial information of Dendreon should be read in conjunction with Dendreons Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations and the audited financial statements of Dendreon and related notes thereto, which are incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference to Dendreons Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2002. 

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except per share data)

Statements of Operations Data:

Total revenue

$

15,269

$

13,824

$

6,519

$

3,719

$

Operating expenses:

Research and development

30,927

31,314

17,191

10,222

8,064

General and administrative

9,542

8,117

7,262

6,110

2,893

Marketing

1,788

  

  

Total operating expenses

41,188

41,219

24,703

16,332

10,957

Loss from operations

(25,919

)

(27,395

)

(18,184

)

(12,613

)

(10,091

)

Interest income, net:

Interest income

1,803

4,795

2,828

Interest expense

(353

)

(558

)

(613

)

(351

)

(41

)

Other income (loss), net

  

  

  

(2

)

Interest income, net

1,450

4,237

2,215

Loss before income taxes

(24,469

)

(23,158

)

(15,969

)

(12,518

)

(9,773

)

Foreign income tax expense

  

  

Net loss

(24,669

)

(23,158

)

(16,069

)

(12,518

)

(10,373

)

Deemed dividend upon issuance of convertible preferred stock

  

  

(4,110

)

(285

)

  

Net loss attributable to common stockholders

$

(24,669

)

$

(23,158

)

$

(20,179

)

$

(12,803

)

$

(10,373

)

Basic and diluted net loss per common share (A)

$

(0.96

)

$

(0.94

)

$

(1.57

)

$

(13.54

)

$

(16.48

)

Shares used in computation of basic and diluted net loss per common share
(A)

25,576

24,760

12,840

(A)

Excludes common stock equivalents, including convertible preferred stock, as they are antidilutive to the loss per share. Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per
share and pro forma shares used in computation of this net loss data adjusted to give effect to the conversion of the convertible preferred stock, was $1.04 and $1.07 in 2000 and 1999 and 19,339 and 11,963 shares in 2000 and 1999, respectively.



Dendreon
Selected Historical Financial Data(Continued) 

As of December 31,

(in thousands)

Balance Sheets Data:

Cash, cash equivalents, short- and long-term investments

$

54,979

$

81,242

$

97,155

$

13,813

$

9,930

Working capital

37,104

59,685

74,560

9,738

6,465

Total assets

63,724

91,082

109,558

17,375

12,038

Long-term obligations, less current portion

1,081

2,013

1,469

2,799

Total stockholders equity

44,743

65,211

85,519

5,569

2,779



Corvas Selected Historical Financial Data 

Set forth below is a summary of selected historical financial information with respect to Corvas as of the dates and for the periods indicated. The statements of operations and balance sheets data set forth below for and as
of the end of each of the years in the five year period ended December 31, 2002 have been derived from Corvas audited financial statements. The audited financial statements as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 and for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 2002 and report thereon are included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The following selected historical financial information of Corvas should be read in conjunction with Corvas Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the audited financial statements of Corvas and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except per share data)

Statements of Operations Data:

Revenues:

Revenues from collaborative agreements

$

  

$

  

$

3,263

$

6,088

$

6,985

License fees and milestones

  

  

2,500

  

2,795

Net product sales

  

  

  

  

Royalties

Research grants

  

  

Total revenues

6,128

6,292

9,969

Costs and expenses:

Research and development

16,649

24,020

14,928

14,669

15,800

General and administrative

5,161

5,123

4,068

5,320

3,670

Restrucuturing charges

1,929

  

  

  

  

Cost of products sold

  

  

  

  

Total costs and expenses

23,739

29,143

18,996

19,989

19,488

Loss from operations

(23,597

)

(28,831

)

(12,868

)

(13,697

)

(9,519

)

Other income (expense):

Interest income

3,260

6,187

2,941

1,201

Interest expense

(841

)

(797

)

(762

)

(221

)

  

Other income

  

  

  

  

Net other income

2,419

5,390

2,179

1,415

Net loss and other comprehensive loss

$

(21,178

)

$

(23,441

)

$

(10,689

)

$

(13,017

)

$

(8,104

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.77

)

$

(0.85

)

$

(0.49

)

$

(0.82

)

$

(0.56

)

Shares used in calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share

27,537

27,426

21,801

15,842

14,460



Corvas
Selected Historical Financial Data(Continued) 

As of December 31,

(in thousands)

Balance Sheets Data:

Cash, cash equivalents and investments

$

90,474

$

112,299

$

135,585

$

21,511

$

17,613

Working capital

79,755

76,594

122,547

20,278

16,902

Total assets

96,593

117,003

139,022

23,889

19,912

Long-term debt

12,558

11,736

10,958

10,215

  

Accumulated deficit

(146,178

)

(125,000

)

(101,559

)

(90,870

)

(77,853

)

Total stockholders equity

81,531

102,457

124,933

11,275

18,386



Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Data 
of Dendreon and Corvas 

The following selected unaudited pro forma combined balance
sheet data as of December 31, 2002 and the selected unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations data for the year ended December 31, 2002 are based on the historical financial statements of Dendreon and Corvas after giving effect to the
proposed combination using the purchase method of accounting on a pro forma basis. The financial information of Corvas has been adjusted to conform Corvas presentation format to that of Dendreon. The unaudited pro forma combined financial
statements do not purport to represent what Dendreons financial position or results of operations actually would have been if the proposed combination had in fact occurred on those dates or to project Dendreons financial position or
results of operations as of any future date or for any future period. 

For pro forma purposes: 



Dendreons balance sheet as of December 31, 2002 has been combined with Corvas balance sheet as of December 31, 2002 as if the proposed combination had
occurred on December 31, 2002; and 



Dendreons statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2002 has been combined with Corvas statement of operations as if the proposed
combination had occurred on January 1, 2002. 

Under the purchase method of accounting, the total estimated purchase price, calculated as described in Note 1 to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, is allocated to the net tangible assets acquired in
connection with the proposed combination, based on their estimated fair values as of December 31, 2002. A preliminary valuation was conducted in order to determine the fair values of a significant portion of these assets. This preliminary valuation
has been the basis for the fair values reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. Based on the preliminary valuation, as of December 31, 2002, the fair value of the net assets acquired exceeds the estimated
purchase price. As a result, the estimated fair values of property and equipment were reduced to zero for purchase accounting purposes. After this reduction in values, and in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, or
SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations, estimated remaining negative goodwill of approximately $9.1 million would be recorded as an extraordinary gain in Dendreons statement of operations upon consummation of the proposed combination.
However, given Corvas historical consumption of its working capital, the pro forma negative goodwill of approximately $11.5 million may be substantially reduced, eliminated or become positive goodwill upon completion of the final purchase
price allocation. The extraordinary gain has been excluded from the pro forma condensed combined statement of operations due to its non-recurring nature. A final determination of fair values, which cannot be made prior to the completion of the
proposed combination, will be based on the final valuation. This final valuation will be based on the actual net tangible and intangible assets of Corvas that exist as of the date of completion of the proposed combination. In addition to the receipt
of the final valuation, the impact of ongoing integration activities, the timing of completion of the proposed combination, and other changes in Corvas net tangible assets, which occur prior to completion of the proposed combination could
cause material differences in the information presented. 

These unaudited selected pro forma combined financial data should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and the related notes thereto of Dendreon and Corvas and other financial information pertaining to
Dendreon and Corvas, including Dendreons Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is incorporated herein by reference to Dendreons Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, and Corvas Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations, included herein under Business of Corvas, and the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial statements of Dendreon and Corvas and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 



Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Data 
of Dendreon and Corvas(Continued) 

Year Ended December 31, 2002

(in thousands, except per share data)

Pro Forma Statement of Operations Data:

Total revenue

$

15,411

Operating expenses:

Research and development

46,887

General and administrative

14,710

Marketing

Restructuring charges

1,929

Total operating expenses

64,245

Loss from operations

(48,834

)

Interest income, net:

Interest income

5,063

Interest expense

(1,194

)

Interest income, net

3,869

Loss before income taxes

(44,965

)

Foreign income tax expense

Net loss

$

(45,165

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(1.19

)

Shares used in computation of basic and diluted net loss per share

37,992

As of December 31, 2002

(in thousands)

Pro Forma Balance Sheet Data:

Cash, cash equivalents, short-and long-term investments

$

145,547

Convertible notes payable

12,558

Working capital

99,953

Total assets

158,308

Long-term obligations, less current portion

1,081

Total stockholders equity

119,907



Comparative Historical and Pro Forma Combined Per Share Data 

The following table sets forth historical per share data of Dendreon and Corvas and combined per share data on an unaudited pro forma basis after giving effect to the proposed combination based on the
fixed exchange ratio of 0.45 of Dendreon common stock for each share of Corvas common stock, and resulting in the issuance of approximately 12,416,000 shares of Dendreon common stock. This number is based on the total outstanding shares of common
stock of Corvas as of February 24, 2003. 

The pro forma per share data presented below is based on Dendreons and Corvas unaudited pro forma combined per share data for the year ended December 31, 2002. You should read this information along with the selected
historical financial data, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and the separate audited historical financial statements of Dendreon and Corvas and the notes thereto incorporated into or included elsewhere in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. The unaudited pro forma combined per share data is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have been achieved had the proposed combination been consummated at the beginning of the period presented
or the financial position at December 31, 2002 had the proposed combination been consummated as of that date. You should not consider the data to be representative of future operating results of the combined company. 

The historical book value per share of common stock is
computed by dividing total stockholders equity by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2002. The pro forma combined book value per share is computed by dividing pro forma stockholders equity by the pro forma
number of shares of common stock as of December 31, 2002. The equivalent pro forma loss per share is computed by multiplying the pro forma loss per share by the fixed exchange ratio, and the equivalent pro forma book value per share is computed
by multiplying the pro forma combined book value per share by the fixed exchange ratio. 

As of and for

the year ended

December 31, 2002

HistoricalDendreon:

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.96

)

Book value per share

1.68

HistoricalCorvas:

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.77

)

Book value per share

2.95

Pro forma combined:

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(1.19

)

Book value per share

3.08

Equivalent pro forma combinedper Corvas shares

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.54

)

Book value per share

1.39



RISK FACTORS 

In
addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the matters addressed in Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements, you should carefully
consider the following risks before deciding whether to vote for adoption of the merger agreement, in the case of Corvas stockholders, or for approval of the issuance of shares of Dendreon common stock in the first merger, in the case of Dendreon
stockholders. In addition, you should read and consider the risks associated with each of the businesses of Dendreon and Corvas because these risks also will affect the combined company. With respect to Dendreon, these risks can be found in its
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, which has been filed with the SEC and is incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. With respect to Corvas, these risks are described below.
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Dendreon and Corvas or that are not currently believed to be important to you also may adversely affect Dendreon following the combination. 

Risks Related to the Combination 

The value of Dendreon common stock to be received by stockholders of Corvas in the first merger will fluctuate and may decline before the transaction closes. 

In the first merger, an aggregate of approximately 15.8 million shares of Dendreon common stock will be:



issued in exchange for all outstanding shares of Corvas common stock; 



reserved for issuance upon exercise of the outstanding stock options of Corvas that will be assumed by Dendreon in the combination; and 



reserved for issuance in the event of the conversion of Corvas 5.5% convertible senior subordinated notes. 

This aggregate number of shares of Dendreon common stock will
not be adjusted as a result of any change in the price of Dendreon or Corvas common stock. Therefore, the value of the per share merger consideration to be received by Corvas stockholders as of the effective date of the first merger will depend on
the market price of Dendreon common stock at the time the first merger becomes effective. The market price of Dendreon common stock at the closing of the first merger may be lower than its market price on the date the merger agreement was signed,
the date the combination was announced, the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the dates of the Dendreon and Corvas stockholders meetings. In addition, because the date that the first merger is completed will be later than the
date of the Dendreon Annual Meeting and Corvas Special Meeting, Dendreon and Corvas stockholders will not know the exact value of the Dendreon common stock that will be issued in the first merger at the time they vote on the combination proposal or
proposal to adopt the merger agreement, respectively. 

There are many factors that could cause the market price of Dendreon common stock to decrease, including adverse changes in the business, operations or prospects of Dendreon or the combined company, the timing of the combination,
general market and economic conditions and the other factors described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or incorporated by reference herein. Neither Dendreon nor Corvas has the right to terminate the merger agreement or to resolicit the vote
of its respective stockholders based on changes in the price of the other partys common stock unless the price changes because of a material adverse effect on that party. 

After the combination, the price of the Dendreon common stock is likely to continue to fluctuate based on the
results of Dendreons operations and numerous other factors beyond Dendreons control. There is no assurance that Corvas stockholders will be able to sell their Dendreon shares at any particular price. 



Dendreon may not realize
all of the anticipated benefits of the combination. 

The success of the combination will depend, in part, on the ability of Dendreon to realize the anticipated synergies, cost savings and other opportunities from integrating the business of Corvas with the business of Dendreon
including advancing Provenge and other clinical drug candidates through clinical trials, developing new clinical drug candidates from the preclinical cancer programs and achieving cost savings to reduce the combined companys burn rate.
Dendreons success in realizing these benefits and the timing of this realization depend upon the successful integration of the operations of Corvas. The difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others:



consolidating research and development operations; 



retaining key employees; 



consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures; 



preserving the licensing, research and development, manufacturing, supply, collaboration and other important relationships of Dendreon and Corvas;



motivating employees in light of organizational changes resulting from the combination; 



minimizing the diversion of managements attention from ongoing business concerns; and 



coordinating geographically separate organizations. 

Dendreon and Corvas cannot assure you that the integration of their businesses will result in the realization of all of the benefits
anticipated by them to result from the combination. 

Integration of operations may be difficult and may lead to adverse effects. Dendreon may not accomplish this integration as quickly as it would like or as smoothly or successfully. The diversion of the attention of management from
its current operations to the integration effort and any difficulties encountered in combining operations could prevent Dendreon from realizing the full benefits anticipated to result from the combination and adversely affect Dendreons
business. 

The issuance of shares of Dendreon common stock
in the first merger will dilute the interests of existing Dendreon stockholders in the company. 

Dendreon estimates that it will issue approximately 12.4 million shares of common stock in the first merger and that immediately
thereafter Corvas stockholders will hold approximately 31.7% of the then-outstanding shares of Dendreon common stock, based on the number of shares of Dendreon and Corvas common stock outstanding as of March 25, 2003. This issuance of common stock
will be dilutive to Dendreons existing stockholders. 

The combination may fail to qualify for tax-free treatment. 

Dendreon and Corvas have structured the combination to qualify as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Although the Internal Revenue Service
has not provided a ruling on the matter, each of Dendreon and Corvas will obtain a legal opinion from their respective legal counsels that, subject to certain assumptions deemed reasonable by the law firm rendering the opinion, the combination
qualifies as a tax-free reorganization. The opinions neither bind the Internal Revenue Service nor prevent the Internal Revenue Service from adopting a contrary position. If the combination fails to qualify as a tax-free reorganization, a Corvas
stockholder would recognize gain or loss on each Corvas share surrendered in the amount of the difference between the cost basis in such share and the fair market value of the Dendreon shares received by such Corvas stockholder in exchange for it at
the time of the combination, and not only on the cash received. 



Risks Related to the Business of Dendreon 

Risks related to Dendreons business, results of operation, and financial condition can be found under the caption Risk Factors in Dendreons Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2002, which has been filed with the SEC and is incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Risks Related to the Business of Corvas 

Corvas has never had a product candidate advance beyond Phase II clinical trials and Corvas does not have, and may never develop, any commercial drugs or other products that generate revenues. 

Corvas is at an early stage of development as a
biopharmaceutical company, and Corvas does not have any commercial products. In November 2002, Corvas initiated the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial for its only clinical stage product candidate, rNAPc2. rNAPc2 will require significant additional development,
clinical trials, regulatory clearances and additional investment before it can be commercialized. Corvas product development efforts may not lead to commercial drugs, either because Corvas product candidates fail to be safe or effective
in clinical trials or because Corvas has inadequate financial or other resources to pursue the program through the clinical trial process. Corvas does not expect to be able to market rNAPc2 or any future product candidates for a number of years, if
at all. If Corvas remains a stand-alone company and it is unable to develop any commercial drugs, or if such development is delayed, Corvas may be required to raise additional capital through financings, scale back or discontinue some part of its
operations, or cease its operations entirely. 

Corvas is
dependent on the successful outcome of the clinical trials for its rNAPc2 product candidate. 

Because Corvas currently has only one product in clinical development, its business prospects depend in large part on its ability, alone
or with collaborators, to successfully complete clinical trials of rNAPc2. Many factors will affect Corvas current and future clinical trials for rNAPc2 including patient enrollment, which is affected by the size of the patient population, the
proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, competing clinical trials and new drug approvals. Delays in patient enrollment in Corvas current or any future trials may result in increased costs, program
delays, or both, which could slow down Corvas product development and approval process. If clinical trials for rNAPc2 are not completed or conducted as planned, due to any reason including, but not limited to, rNAPc2 not being safe or
effective, the commercialization of rNAPc2 would likely be delayed or prevented, Corvas business would likely be materially harmed and, if Corvas remains a stand-alone company, its stock price would likely decline. In addition, if Corvas does
not receive required regulatory approvals, Corvas may never commercialize rNAPc2 and therefore may never be profitable. Finally, if rNAPc2 were to fail in the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial prior to the closing of the proposed combination with Dendreon, then
Dendreon would have the right to terminate the merger agreement due to the occurrence of a material adverse event. 

Corvas rNAPc2 clinical trials may take longer to complete than Corvas projects. 

Many factors including, but not limited to, difficulty
recruiting and enrolling patients who meet Corvas trial eligibility criteria, regulatory requirements, and problems at the clinical sites may cause delays that would extend the duration of any of the three parts of the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial, or
prevent the completion of any part of this trial. Further, Corvas is relying primarily upon third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor its rNAPc2 clinical trials under the oversight of its clinical group and, therefore, has less control over
the timing and other aspects of this program than if Corvas conducted the trials on its own. If such delays are significant, Corvas may never commercialize rNAPc2 and therefore may never be profitable. 

Corvas preclinical and clinical testing results are uncertain. If
trial results are negative, Corvas may be forced to stop developing product candidates important to its future. 

The results of preclinical studies and initial clinical trials of Corvas product candidates will not necessarily predict the results
obtained from later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may 



fail to meet the desired safety and efficacy endpoints despite having progressed through initial clinical testing. In addition, the data
collected from clinical trials of Corvas product candidates may not be sufficient to support FDA or other regulatory approval. Although Corvas has completed a Phase IIa clinical trial of rNAPc2 in patients undergoing elective coronary
angioplasty to establish safety prior to conducting additional clinical trials in patients with UA/NSTEMI, results from its ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial may not support the continued development of rNAPc2. 

rNAPc2, or any future product candidates Corvas may develop,
may not be safe for human use. Administering any of Corvas product candidates to humans may produce undesirable side effects. These side effects could interrupt, delay or cause Corvas or the FDA to halt clinical trials of Corvas product
candidates and could result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities denying approval of Corvas product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Along with the FDA or other regulatory authorities, Corvas, or its collaborators, may
suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time. 

The FDA
has never approved any Corvas product candidate and Corvas may never be permitted to commercialize any product Corvas develops. 

Corvas has never had a product candidate advance beyond the early stages of development and none have received the regulatory clearance
required from the FDA or any other regulatory body to be commercially marketed and sold. While Corvas goal is to commence commercial sales of rNAPc2 and any other product candidate it may develop, Corvas may not achieve this goal for any
product candidate in the expected timeframe, or at all. The regulatory clearance process typically takes many years and is very expensive, and regulatory clearance is never guaranteed. If Corvas fails to obtain regulatory clearance for its current
or future product candidates, Corvas will be unable to market and sell any products and therefore may never be profitable. 

As part of the regulatory clearance process, for each of its product candidates Corvas must conduct, at its own expense or a
collaborators expense, preclinical research and clinical trials to demonstrate safety and efficacy. In addition, it is difficult to predict if the FDA will agree with the design of Corvas clinical trials. Even though earlier clinical
trial results for a particular compound and a specific indication may indicate that the compound appears to be safe and effective, the FDA may suggest or even require that additional clinical trials be completed before advancing to later-stage
trials. The number of preclinical studies and clinical trials that will be required varies depending on many factors including the product, disease or condition that the product is in development for, and regulations applicable to a particular
product. 

The FDA can delay, limit or not grant
approval for many reasons, including: 



a product candidate may not demonstrate sufficient safety or efficacy; 



FDA officials may interpret data from preclinical testing and clinical trials in different ways than Corvas interprets it, or require data that is different from
what was obtained in Corvas clinical trials; 



the FDA may not approve Corvas manufacturing processes or facilities, or the processes or facilities of Corvas collaborators; and



the FDA may change its approval policies or adopt new regulations. 

The FDA also may approve a product candidate for fewer indications than requested or may condition approval
on the performance of post-marketing studies for a product candidate. Even if Corvas receives FDA and other regulatory approvals, its product candidates may later exhibit adverse effects that limit or prevent their widespread use or that force
Corvas to withdraw those product candidates from the market. In addition, any marketed product and its manufacturer continue to be subject to strict regulations after approval. Any unforeseen problems with an approved product or any violation of
regulations could result in restrictions on the product, including its withdrawal from the market. 



The process of
obtaining approvals in foreign countries is subject to delay and failure for many of the same reasons. Any delay in, or failure to receive approval for, any of Corvas products could materially harm Corvas business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

If Corvas fails to enter into
funded collaboration agreements for its drug programs, Corvas may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of rNAPc2 and any other product candidates Corvas may develop, or to continue its research and development programs.

Corvas operations have consumed
substantial amounts of cash since inception. Corvas sources of revenue have been primarily limited to research funding, license fees and milestone payments from corporate collaborators. In 2002, Corvas had a net loss of approximately $21.2
million and Corvas anticipates that its 2003 net loss will be equal to or greater than its 2002 net loss. As a stand-alone company, Corvas expects that it will continue to spend substantial amounts on research and development, including the costs of
its ongoing ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial as well as clinical trials for future product candidates, if any. Corvas future burn rate and capital needs will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the outcome of the first part of the
ongoing ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial and those factors outlined in Corvas Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsLiquidity and Capital Resources. 

Corvas does not have committed external sources of funding. If
Corvas is unable to enter into future collaboration agreements, including co-development and marketing agreements, or raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, Corvas may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue
one or more of its drug discovery programs, clinical trials or other aspects of its operations. Corvas also could be required to: 



seek corporate collaborators for programs at an earlier stage than would be desirable to maximize the rights that Corvas retains to future product candidates; and/or



relinquish or license rights to technologies, product candidates or products that Corvas would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize itself on terms that are
less favorable to Corvas than might otherwise be available. 

If Corvas does not find collaborators for rNAPc2 and for any other product candidates Corvas may develop, Corvas may have to reduce or delay its rate of product development and/or increase its expenditures.

Corvas strategy for developing,
manufacturing and commercializing its products includes entering into various relationships with pharmaceutical and/or biotechnology companies to advance its programs and reduce its expenditures on each program. Corvas may not be able to negotiate
additional collaborations on acceptable terms or at all. If Corvas is not able to establish additional collaborative arrangements, Corvas may have to reduce or delay further development of rNAPc2 or some of its cancer programs in the future and/or
increase its expenditures and undertake further development activities at its own expense. Beyond completion of the ongoing ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial, future clinical development of rNAPc2 may depend on securing an appropriate development collaborator.
If Corvas elects to increase its expenditures to fund its development programs, Corvas will need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

Corvas may have to rely on its collaborators for all aspects
of partnered programs, including the conduct of research and development that the collaborator chooses to conduct, clinical trials and the regulatory approval process. Corvas may have no control over the amount and timing of resources that its
collaborators dedicate to the development of Corvas licensed product candidates, if any. Corvas ability to generate royalties from its collaborators depends on their abilities to establish the safety and efficacy of Corvas product
candidates, obtain regulatory approvals and achieve market acceptance of Corvas products. 



Collaborative
agreements generally pose the following risks: 



collaborators may not pursue further development and commercialization of compounds resulting from collaborations or may elect not to renew research and development
programs; 



collaborators may delay clinical trials, underfund a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical
trials, require a new formulation or encounter other manufacturing difficulties with a product candidate for clinical testing; 



collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that could compete with Corvas future products; 



the terms of Corvas agreements with current or future collaborators may not be favorable to Corvas in the future; 



a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit enough resources to the marketing and distribution of Corvas
products, limiting Corvas potential revenues from the commercialization of a product; 



disputes may arise delaying or terminating the research, development or commercialization of Corvas product candidates, or result in significant litigation or
arbitration; 



collaborations through which Corvas collaborator is funding all or a portion of the research and development may be terminated and Corvas will experience
increased capital requirements if it elects to pursue further development of the product candidate; and 



collaborators may not have the financial or other resources to fund the research, development or commercialization of Corvas product candidates, and Corvas
will experience increased capital requirements if it elects to pursue further development of these candidates. 

In addition, there have been a significant number of business consolidations among and between large pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical
companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. If business combinations involving Corvas existing or potential collaborators were to occur, the effect could be to diminish, terminate or cause delays in one
or more of Corvas product development programs. 

Corvas competitors may develop and market drugs that are less expensive, more effective, or safer, or reach the market sooner, which may diminish or eliminate the commercial success of any products Corvas may
commercialize. 

The biopharmaceutical
market is highly competitive. Corvas expects that competition from other biopharmaceutical companies, pharmaceutical companies, universities and public and private research institutions will increase. Almost all of the larger biopharmaceutical
companies have developed, or are attempting to develop, products that will compete with products Corvas may develop, including some that are in advanced stage clinical trials. In particular, many other companies and institutions have active programs
for cardiovascular disease and cancer against which Corvas program may compete. It is possible that Corvas competitors will develop and market products that are less expensive, more effective or safer than Corvas future products,
if any, or that will render Corvas products obsolete. It is also possible that Corvas competitors will commercialize competing products before any of Corvas products are approved and marketed. Many of Corvas competitors have
substantially greater financial, technical, research and other resources than Corvas does. Corvas may not have the financial resources, technical expertise or marketing, distribution or support capabilities to compete successfully. 

Market acceptance of rNAPc2 and future product candidates, if any, is
uncertain. 

If approved, Corvas intends
for rNAPc2 to be used in combination with the current treatment regimen for UA/NSTEMI. However, physicians may not ultimately use rNAPc2. Physicians will only prescribe rNAPc2 or 



any of Corvas future products if they determine, based on experience, clinical data, side effect profiles and other factors, that they
are beneficial in combination with other products or preferable to other products then in use. Recommendations and endorsements by influential physicians will be essential for market acceptance of rNAPc2 or future products, if any, and Corvas may
not be able to obtain these recommendations and endorsements. In addition, many other factors influence the adoption of new drugs, including marketing and distribution restrictions, adverse publicity, product pricing and reimbursement by third-party
payers. Even if rNAPc2 and Corvas future product candidates, if any, achieve market acceptance, the market may not be sufficiently large to result in significant revenues. If any of Corvas products do not achieve adequate sales, Corvas
may never be profitable and its business and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

Failure to retain key scientific personnel could decrease Corvas ability to develop its product candidates and, if Corvas remains a stand-alone company, to continue to obtain new
collaborations or other sources of funding. 

Corvas depends, to a significant extent, on the efforts of its key employees. The loss of these individuals may delay or prevent Corvas from achieving its business objective of commercializing its product candidates. Corvas
future success will also depend in large part on its continued ability to attract and retain other highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing and governmental regulation.
Corvas faces intense competition for personnel from other companies, universities, public and private research institutions, government entities and other organizations. If Corvas is unsuccessful in its recruitment and retention efforts, its
business operations will be harmed. 

Because Corvas has
limited manufacturing experience and Corvas relies on third-party manufacturers, Corvas is unable to control the availability of, and manufacturing costs for, its product candidates. 

In order to be successful, Corvas product candidates
must be capable of being manufactured in sufficient quantities, in compliance with regulatory requirements, and at an acceptable cost. Corvas has only limited experience in pilot scale manufacturing. For larger-scale production, which is required
for clinical testing, Corvas expects to continue to rely on third parties to manufacture its product candidates. There are only a limited number of contract manufacturers capable of manufacturing rNAPc2. If Corvas cannot continue to contract for
large-scale manufacturing capabilities on acceptable terms, or if Corvas encounters delays or difficulties with manufacturers, Corvas may not be able to conduct clinical trials as planned. This would delay or cause Corvas to halt submission of its
product candidates for regulatory clearance, and may prevent Corvas from selling its products and achieving profitability. Also, Corvas third-party manufacturers may be unable to manufacture any product candidate Corvas develops in commercial
quantities on a cost-effective basis. 

Corvas may
need to expand its existing relationships or establish new relationships with third-party manufacturers for rNAPc2 and for future product candidates, if any. Corvas may be unable to establish or maintain relationships with third-party manufacturers
on acceptable terms, or at all. Corvas dependence on third parties may reduce its profit margins and delay or limit its ability to develop and commercialize its products on a timely and competitive basis. Furthermore, third-party manufacturers
may encounter manufacturing or quality control problems in connection with the manufacture of Corvas product candidates and may be unable to obtain or maintain the necessary governmental licenses and approvals to manufacture Corvas
product candidates. Any such failure could delay or preclude receiving regulatory approvals to sell Corvas product candidates. 

If Corvas is unable to protect its proprietary technology, Corvas may not be able to compete as effectively. 

Corvas success depends in part on its ability to obtain
and enforce patent protection for its products, both in the United States and other countries, and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. The scope and extent of patent protection for Corvas product candidates is
uncertain and frequently involves complex legal and factual questions. Corvas cannot predict the breadth of claims that will be allowed and issued in patents related to biotechnology or pharmaceutical applications. Once patents have issued, Corvas
cannot 



predict how the claims will be construed or enforced. In addition, statutory differences between countries may limit the protection Corvas
can obtain on some of its inventions outside of the United States. For example, methods of treating humans are not patentable in many countries outside of the United States. Corvas relies on patent and other intellectual property protection to
prevent its competitors from developing, manufacturing and marketing products based on Corvas technology. Corvas patents may not be enforceable and they may not afford Corvas protection against competitors, especially since there is a
lengthy lead time between when a patent application is filed and when it is actually issued. Because of this, Corvas may infringe on intellectual property rights of others without being aware of the infringement. If a patent holder believes that one
of Corvas product candidates infringes on their patent, they may sue Corvas even if Corvas has applied, or received patent protection, for its technology. If another party claims Corvas is infringing their technology, Corvas could face a
number of issues, including the following: 



defending a lawsuit, which is very expensive and time consuming; 



paying a large sum for damages if Corvas is found to be infringing; 



being prohibited from selling or licensing its products or product candidates until Corvas obtains a license from the patent holder, who may refuse to grant Corvas a
license or only agree to do so on unfavorable terms. Even if Corvas is granted a license, Corvas may have to pay substantial royalties or grant cross-licenses to its patents; and 



redesigning Corvas drug so it does not infringe on the patent holders technology. This may not be possible and, even if possible, it would require
substantial additional capital, FDA approval, and would delay commercialization. 

The coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly narrowed before a patent is issued, either in the United States or abroad. Corvas does not know whether any of its pending or future
patent applications will result in the issuance of patents. To the extent patents have been issued or will be issued, Corvas does not know whether these patents will be subjected to further proceedings limiting their scope, will provide significant
proprietary protection or competitive advantage, or will be circumvented or invalidated. Furthermore, patents already issued to Corvas, or patents that may issue on Corvas pending applications, may become subject to dispute, including
interference proceedings in the United States to determine priority of invention or opposition proceedings in foreign countries contesting the validity of issued patents. 

Corvas also relies on trade secrets, proprietary know-how and continuing inventions to develop and maintain
its competitive position. While Corvas believes that it has protected its trade secrets, some of Corvas current or former employees, consultants or scientific advisors, or current or prospective corporate collaborators, may unintentionally or
willfully disclose Corvas confidential information to competitors or use Corvas proprietary technology for their own benefit. Furthermore, enforcing a claim alleging the infringement of Corvas trade secrets would be expensive and
difficult to prove, making the outcome uncertain. Corvas competitors may also independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how or gain access to Corvas proprietary information through some other means. 

Because Corvas collaborates with third parties on some of its
technology, there is also the risk that disputes may arise as to the rights to technology or drugs developed in collaboration with other parties. 

If Corvas becomes subject to product liability claims, the damages may exceed Corvas insurance. 

It is impossible to fully predict the potential adverse
effects that a product candidate may have in humans from the results of studies in animals. Because Corvas conducts clinical trials on humans, Corvas faces the risk that the use of its product candidates will result in adverse effects. These risks
will exist even for products that may be cleared for commercial sale. Although Corvas maintains liability insurance of $10.0 million for its product candidates in clinical trials, the amount of insurance coverage Corvas currently holds may not be
adequate to protect it from any liabilities. Furthermore, coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and Corvas 



may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect it against potential losses. Corvas
may not have sufficient resources to pay for any liabilities resulting from a claim beyond the limit of its insurance coverage. 

The reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare drugs is uncertain and failure to obtain adequate reimbursement could limit Corvas
ability to market any products it may develop and decrease Corvas ability to generate revenue. 

There is significant uncertainty related to the reimbursement of newly approved pharmaceutical products. Corvas ability, and that of
its collaborators, to commercialize Corvas products in both domestic and foreign markets will partially depend on the reimbursements obtained from third-party payers such as government health administration authorities, private health
insurers, managed care programs and other organizations. Third-party payers are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new pharmaceutical products. Cost control initiatives
could decrease the price that Corvas, or its collaborators, would receive for Corvas products and affect Corvas ability to commercialize any products Corvas may develop so that the sale of Corvas drugs would not be economically
feasible. If third parties fail to provide reimbursement for any drugs Corvas may develop, consumers and physicians may not choose to use Corvas products, and Corvas may not realize an acceptable return on its investment in product
development. 

If Corvas is unable to create sales,
marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to perform these functions, Corvas will not be able to commercialize its products. 

Because Corvas does not have any marketed products, Corvas has virtually no experience in sales, marketing
and distribution. To directly market and distribute any products Corvas may develop, Corvas must build a substantial marketing and sales force with appropriate technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities. Alternatively, Corvas may
obtain the assistance of a pharmaceutical company or other entity with a large distribution system and a large direct sales force. Corvas may not be able to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities of its own or enter into such
arrangements with third parties in a timely manner or on acceptable terms. To the extent that Corvas enters into co-promotion or other licensing arrangements, its product revenues are likely to be lower than if Corvas directly marketed and sold its
products, and some or all of the revenues Corvas receives will depend upon the efforts of third parties, which efforts may not be successful. 

Corvas uses hazardous materials in its business and Corvas must comply with environmental laws and regulations, which can be expensive.

Corvas research and development
activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, including chemicals and radioactive and biological materials. Corvas operations also produce hazardous waste products. Corvas is subject to a variety of federal, state and local
regulations relating to the use, handling, storage and disposal of these materials. Corvas generally contracts with third parties for the disposal of such substances, and stores its low level radioactive waste at its facility until the materials are
no longer considered radioactive because there are no facilities permitted to accept such waste in California or neighboring states. Corvas cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. Corvas may be required
to incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental and safety regulations. In the event of an accident or contamination, Corvas would likely incur significant costs associated with civil penalties or criminal fines, lawsuits
from regulatory authorities and private parties, and in complying with environmental laws and regulations. 



CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, business strategies, operating efficiencies or synergies, competitive positions, growth opportunities for potential products, plans and
objectives of management, and markets for the stock of Dendreon and Corvas and other matters. Statements in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents incorporated by reference that are not historical facts are hereby identified
as forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act. These
forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those relating to future business prospects, revenues and income, in each case relating to Dendreon or Corvas, respectively, wherever they occur in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or
the other documents incorporated by reference, are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of the respective management of Dendreon and Corvas and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important factors, including those set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. In addition to the factors identified under Risk Factors, important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections
contained in the forward-looking statements include without limitation: 



the ability to integrate the operations of Dendreon and Corvas, including their respective research and development operations, personnel, product lines and
technology; 



timing and success of product development and market acceptance of products that are developed; 



regulatory approvals and restrictions; 



guidelines and recommendations in the health care and patient communities; 



intellectual property positions and litigation; 



competition in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries and in the specific markets in which Dendreon and Corvas, respectively, operate;



fluctuations in operating results; and 



management of rapid growth. 

Words such as estimate, project, plan, intend, expect, anticipate,
believe and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents incorporated by
reference. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, or in the case of documents incorporated by reference, as of the date of those documents.
Neither Dendreon nor Corvas undertakes any obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events, except as required by law. 



THE DENDREON ANNUAL MEETING 

Dendreon is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to Dendreon stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies from Dendreon stockholders for use at the Dendreon Annual Meeting to be held on
[        ], 2003, and any adjournments or postponements thereof. The approximate date on which this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the enclosed proxy card will first be sent to Dendreon
stockholders is [        ], 2003. 

Date, Time and Place 

The Dendreon Annual Meeting will be held on [        ] [        ], 2003 at 10:00 a.m., Pacific time, at Dendreons corporate offices,
located at 3005 First Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98121, or at any adjournment or postponement of that meeting. 

Matters to be Considered at the Annual Meeting 

At the Annual Meeting, and any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting, Dendreon stockholders will be asked: 



To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Dendreon common stock in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement by and among
Dendreon, Merger Sub, Charger LLC, and Corvas; 



To elect three directors to hold office until the 2006 Annual Meeting of stockholders; 



To amend the Equity Incentive Plan to (i) increase the number of shares of Dendreon common stock authorized for issuance under the Equity Incentive Plan by 2,000,000
shares; (ii) increase the number of shares of Dendreon common stock that may be added annually to the Equity Incentive Plan from 550,000 shares to 750,000 shares; and (iii) permit the assumption of existing options, stock bonuses and restricted
stock that were granted or issued by another corporation and assumed by Dendreon in connection with a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Dendreon is a party; 



To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditors of Dendreon for its fiscal year ending December 31, 2003; and 



To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. 

Recommendation of the Board of Directors 

Dendreons board has unanimously approved the combination proposal, the nomination of Messrs. Henney, Urdal and Watson for election as directors, the amendments to the Equity Incentive Plan, and the selection of Ernst
& Young LLP as independent auditors of Dendreon, and unanimously recommends that the Dendreon stockholders vote: 



FOR
 the combination proposal; 



FOR
 the election of the three nominees as directors; 



FOR
 the amendments to the Equity Incentive Plan; and 



FOR
 the ratification of Ernst & Young LLP as Dendreons independent auditors. 

The approval of the combination proposal is not contingent
upon the approval of any of the other proposals or the election of the three nominees. 



Record Date 

A
special committee of Dendreons board of directors has fixed [        ], 2003 as the record date for the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, only holders of record of Dendreon common stock at the close of
business on [        ], 2003 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. 

Quorum 

The presence
at the Annual Meeting, either in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Dendreon common stock on the record date is necessary to constitute a quorum to transact business at the meeting. If a quorum
is not present, it is expected that the Annual Meeting will be adjourned or postponed in order to solicit additional proxies. Shares of Dendreon common stock represented at the Annual Meeting but not voted, including shares of Dendreon common stock
for which proxies have been received but for which the holders have abstained, will be treated as present at the Annual Meeting for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of all business. 

Stockholders Entitled to Vote 

At the close of business on the record date, there were [        ] shares of Dendreon common stock outstanding and entitled to vote held by approximately
[        ] stockholders of record. 

A holder of Dendreon common stock is entitled to cast one vote, in person or by proxy, for each share held in his, her or its name as of the record date on each matter submitted to the Dendreon
stockholders for a vote at the Annual Meeting. 

Vote Required 

The
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Dendreon common stock present in person or by proxy at the Dendreon Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal is required to approve the amendments to the Equity
Incentive Plan and to ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as Dendreons independent auditors. For the combination proposal to be approved, a majority of the total votes cast in person or by proxy must vote in favor of the proposal.
Directors will be elected by a plurality of votes cast. Neither broker non-votes nor abstentions will be deemed to be cast either for or against the combination proposal. Broker non-votes will not be counted for any purpose in determining whether
any proposal is approved. Abstentions have the effect of negative votes with respect to the proposals to approve the amendments to the Equity Incentive Plan and to ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as Dendreons independent
auditors. Abstentions will have no effect on either the combination proposal or the election of directors. 

Lock-up and Voting Agreements 

As of February 24, 2003, the directors, executive officers and certain other stockholders of Dendreon entered into lock-up and voting agreements pursuant to which, among other things, they agreed to vote their shares of Dendreon
stock to approve the combination proposal. A copy of the form of this lock-up and voting agreement is attached as 
Annex B 
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Each of these Dendreon stockholders also has granted an irrevocable proxy and
a power of attorney to Corvas and certain Corvas representatives to vote his, her or its shares of Dendreon common stock to approve the combination proposal. On the record date, the Dendreon stockholders that are parties to the lock-up and voting
agreements collectively owned approximately [        ]% of the outstanding shares of Dendreon common stock. 

Proxies 

Each share
represented by a properly authorized and unrevoked proxy received in time for the Annual Meeting will be voted at the Annual Meeting in the manner specified therein. PROPERLY AUTHORIZED 



PROXY CARDS (AND PROXIES AUTHORIZED BY THE TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) THAT DO NOT CONTAIN VOTING INSTRUCTIONS WILL BE VOTED

FOR
 APPROVAL OF THE PROPOSALS DESCRIBED HEREIN, INCLUDING 
FOR
 ELECTION OF THE NOMINEES TO THE BOARD. 

Dendreon does not know of any matters, other than those described in the Dendreon Notice of Annual Meeting, which will come before the
Annual Meeting. If any other matters are properly presented for action at the Annual Meeting, the persons named in the proxies and acting thereunder will have discretion to vote on such matters in accordance with their best judgment. 

Revocability of Proxies 

You may revoke your proxy at any time prior to its use: 



by delivering to the Secretary of Dendreon at the address set forth below a signed notice of revocation or a later-dated, signed proxy card;



by telephone or the Internet, if you have authorized a proxy by the same means and effectively revoke your proxy by the time stated on the proxy card; or



by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person. 

Attendance at the Annual Meeting is not in itself sufficient to revoke a proxy. 

All written notices of revocation and other communications
with respect to revocation of proxies should be addressed to Dendreon Corporation, 3005 First Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98121, Attention: Secretary. A proxy appointment will not be revoked by death or incapacity of the Dendreon stockholder
authorizing the proxy unless, before the shares are voted, notice of such death or incapacity is filed with the Secretary of Dendreon or other person responsible for tabulating votes on Dendreons behalf. 

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses 

The accompanying proxy is being solicited on behalf of Dendreons board of directors. All expenses of this solicitation of proxies will be borne by Dendreon and the cost of preparing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to
Dendreon stockholders will be shared equally by Dendreon and Corvas. In addition to solicitation by use of the mails, proxies may be solicited from Dendreon stockholders by directors, officers and employees of Dendreon in person or by telephone,
fax, e-mail or other means of communication. Such directors, officers and employees will not be additionally compensated, but may be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such solicitation. Arrangements also
have been made with brokerage houses, banks, and other custodians, nominees, and fiduciaries for the forwarding of soliciting materials to the beneficial owners of the Dendreon common stock held of record by such person, and Dendreon will reimburse
them for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection therewith. 

Dendreon has retained Mellon Investor Services LLC to assist it in the solicitation of proxies for a base fee of $8,500, plus $5.50 per stockholder contact. Dendreon will pay such fees and reimburse
Mellon Investor Services LLC for all out-of-pocket expenses. 



THE CORVAS SPECIAL MEETING 

Corvas is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to Corvas stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies from Corvas stockholders for use at the Corvas Special Meeting to be held on
[        ] , 2003, and any adjournments or postponements thereof. The approximate date on which this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the enclosed proxy card will first be sent to Corvas stockholders
is [        ], 2003. 

Date, Time and Place 

The Special Meeting will be held on [        ], [        ], 2003 at [        ], Pacific time,
at the Hilton La Jolla Torrey Pines, located at 10950 North Torrey Pines Road, La Jolla, California, 92037, or at any adjournment, postponement or rescheduling of that meeting. 

Matters to be Considered at the Special Meeting 

At the Special Meeting, and any adjournment or postponement of the Special Meeting, Corvas stockholders will be asked: 



to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Dendreon, Seahawk Acquisition Inc., Charger Project LLC and Corvas, dated
February 24, 2003; and 



to consider and transact such other matters that may properly come before the Special Meeting. 

Recommendation of the Board of Directors 

The Corvas board of directors has unanimously determined that the combination is advisable and in the best interests of Corvas and its stockholders, and the Corvas board of directors has unanimously approved the combination
and the merger agreement and recommends a vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement. 

Record Date 

The
Corvas board of directors fixed [        ], 2003 as the record date for the Special Meeting. Accordingly, only stockholders of record of Corvas common stock at the close of business on
[        ], 2003 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Special Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. 

Quorum 

The presence
at the Special Meeting, either in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Corvas common stock on the record date is necessary to constitute a quorum to transact business at the meeting. If a quorum is
not present, it is expected that the Special Meeting will be adjourned or postponed in order to solicit additional proxies. Shares of Corvas common stock represented at the Special Meeting but not voted, including shares of Corvas common stock for
which proxy cards have been received but for which the holders have abstained, will be treated as present at the Special Meeting for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of all business. 

Stockholders Entitled to Vote 

At the close of business on the record date, [        ], 2003, there were [        ] shares of Corvas common stock outstanding and entitled
to vote held by approximately [        ] stockholders of record. 

A holder of Corvas common stock is entitled to cast one vote, in person or by proxy, for each share held in his, her or its name as of the
record date on each matter submitted to the Corvas stockholders for a vote at the Special Meeting. 



Vote Required 

Adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Corvas common stock outstanding on the record date. 

Failures to vote and abstentions will not be deemed to be cast either 
FOR
 or

AGAINST
 the adoption of the merger agreement. However, because adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Corvas common stock, failures to vote and
abstentions will have the same effect as a vote 
AGAINST
 the adoption of the merger agreement. 

Brokers who hold shares of Corvas common stock in street name for a beneficial owner of those shares typically have the authority to vote
on routine proposals when they have not received instructions from beneficial owners. However, brokers are not allowed to exercise their voting discretion with respect to the approval of non-routine matters, such as adoption of the
merger agreement, without specific instructions from the beneficial owner. These non-voted shares are referred to as broker non-votes. If your broker holds your Corvas common stock in street name, your broker will vote your shares only if you
provide instructions on how to vote by filling out the voter instruction form sent to you by your broker with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Broker non-votes will have the same effect as voting against the merger agreement. 

You should vote your proxy even if you plan to attend the
Corvas Special Meeting. You can always change your vote at the Special Meeting. Voting instructions are included on your proxy card. If you properly give your proxy and submit it to Corvas in time to vote, one of the individuals named as your proxy
will vote your shares as you have directed. 

The
method of voting by proxy differs for shares held as a record holder and shares held in street name. If you hold your shares of Corvas common stock as a record holder you should complete, date and sign the enclosed proxy card and promptly return it
in the enclosed, pre-addressed, postage-paid envelope or otherwise mail it to Corvas. If you hold your shares of Corvas common stock in street name, you will receive instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee that you must follow in order
to vote your shares. Your broker or bank may allow you to deliver your voting instructions by the telephone or over the Internet. 

Lock-up and Voting Agreements 

As of February 24, 2003, certain Corvas stockholders, including certain officers and directors of Corvas, entered into lock-up and voting agreements, pursuant to which, among other things, they agreed to vote their shares of Corvas
stock 
FOR
 adoption of the merger agreement. The form of this lock-up and voting agreement is attached as 
Annex C
 to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Each of these Corvas stockholders has also granted an irrevocable
proxy and a power of attorney to Dendreon and certain Dendreon representatives to vote his or her shares of Corvas common stock 
FOR
 adoption of the merger agreement. On the record date, the Corvas stockholders that are parties to
the voting agreements collectively owned approximately [        ]% of the outstanding shares of Corvas common stock. 

Proxies 

All shares
represented by properly executed and unrevoked proxy cards received in time for the Special Meeting will be voted at the Special Meeting in the manner specified therein. Properly executed proxy cards that do not contain voting instructions with
respect to adoption of the merger agreement will be voted FOR adoption of the merger agreement. 

Only shares affirmatively voted for adoption of the merger agreement, including properly executed proxy cards that do not contain voting
instructions, will be counted as votes in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement. 



The persons
named as proxies by a Corvas stockholder may propose and vote for one or more adjournments of the Special Meeting, including adjournments to permit further solicitations of proxies. No proxy voted against the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
and approve the merger will be voted in favor of any adjournment or postponement. 

Other Business; Adjournments 

Corvas does not expect that any matter other than the proposals presented in this joint proxy statement/prospectus will be brought before the Corvas Special Meeting. However, if other matters incident to the conduct of the Special
Meeting are properly presented at the Special Meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Special Meeting, the persons named as proxies will vote in accordance with their best judgment with respect of those matters. 

Adjournments may be made for the purpose of, among other
things, soliciting additional proxies. An adjournment may be made from time to time by the chairman of the meeting or by approval of the holders of shares representing a majority of the votes present in person or by proxy at the Special Meeting,
whether or not a quorum exists, without further notice other than by an announcement made at the Special Meeting. Corvas does not currently intend to seek an adjournment of the Special Meeting. 

Revocability of Proxies 

You may revoke your proxy at any time prior to its use: 



by delivering to the Secretary of Corvas at the address set forth below a signed notice of revocation or a later-dated, signed proxy card; or



by attending the Special Meeting and voting in person. 

Attendance at the Special Meeting is not in itself sufficient to revoke a proxy. 

All written notices of revocation and other communications
with respect to revocation of proxies should be addressed to Corvas International, Inc., 3030 Science Park Road, San Diego, CA 92121-1146, Attention: Corporate Secretary. A proxy appointment will not be revoked by death or incapacity of the Corvas
stockholder executing the proxy card unless, before the shares are voted, notice of such death or incapacity is filed with the Secretary of Corvas or other person responsible for tabulating votes on Corvas behalf. 

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses 

The accompanying proxy is being solicited on behalf of the Corvas board of directors. All expenses of this solicitation of proxies will be borne by Corvas and the cost of preparing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to Corvas
stockholders will be shared equally by Dendreon and Corvas. In addition to solicitation by use of the mails, proxies may be solicited from Corvas stockholders by directors, officers and employees of Corvas in person or by telephone, telegram, fax,
e-mail or other means of communication. Such directors, officers and employees will not be additionally compensated, but may be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such solicitation. Arrangements have also
been made with brokerage houses, banks, and other custodians, nominees, and fiduciaries for the forwarding of soliciting materials to the beneficial owners of the Corvas common stock held of record by such person, and Corvas will reimburse them for
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection therewith. 

Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. will assist Corvas in the solicitation of proxies for a fee of $7,500. Corvas and Dendreon will share such fees and reimburse Georgeson for all out-of-pocket
expenses. 



Assistance 

If you
need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding the Corvas Special Meeting, please contact Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. at (800) 223-2064 or write to the following address: 

Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. 
17 State Street 
10th Floor 
New York, New York 10004 

Please do not send stock certificates with your proxy card. A transmittal form with instructions
concerning the surrender of Corvas stock certificates will be mailed to you by Corvas promptly after completion of the first merger. 



DENDREON AND CORVAS PROPOSAL 1THE COMBINATION 

The following is a description of the material aspects of the combination. While Dendreon and Corvas believe that the following description summarizes the material terms of the combination, the
description may not contain all of the information that is important to you. Dendreon and Corvas encourage you to read carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the merger agreement attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex A, for a more complete understanding of the transaction. 

General 

Each of
Dendreons and Corvas board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub will merge with and into Corvas, with Corvas surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon;
and, immediately thereafter, Corvas will merge with and into Charger LLC, with Charger LLC surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon. In the first merger, each outstanding share of Corvas common stock will be converted into 0.45 of a share
of Dendreon common stock. 

Background of the Combination 

In March 2002, Corvas retained the investment bank, Lazard Frres & Co. LLC, to assist it in executing on its strategic plan of diversifying its product pipeline through acquisitions of or by Corvas or through
collaborations, alliances or joint ventures. 

During the period from March 2002 through June 2002, Corvas executive management, with the assistance of Lazard Frres, developed criteria for identifying public and private companies for a potential strategic
transaction and then used the criteria to screen candidates. Corvas concluded that it should emphasize cardiovascular and/or cancer companies with synergistic clinical drug programs. Corvas executive management also solicited individual board
members for recommendations on potential candidates and received unsolicited advice from certain stockholders on potential candidates. Throughout this period, Corvas continued to pursue its ongoing corporate development activities for its clinical
and preclinical programs and Corvas executive management held management meetings with potential collaborators. 

On April 23, 2002, Corvas announced that the preliminary analysis of the primary end point data from a multi-center Phase IIb study of
UK-279,276, also known as rNIF, being conducted by Pfizer Inc. did not support initiation of a Phase III study of the drug candidate for acute ischemic strokes. Corvas did not have access to clinical trial data at the time and reported that the
complete data analysis and review would not be available until mid 2002. On June 14, 2002, Corvas announced that Pfizer had elected not to pursue further development of UK-279,276. 

On June 4, 2002, the Corvas board of directors held a regular meeting and received an update on corporate
development activities. In addition, executive management updated the board of directors on the merger and acquisition process. Representatives of Lazard Frres made a presentation on trends in the biotechnology industry, the impact of the
failure of Corvas drug candidate UK-279,276 and its views of Corvas strategic alternatives. The board of directors agreed to hold a special meeting the following month to consider a restructuring that would give the company greater
flexibility to pursue its best strategic alternatives. The board of directors also authorized Corvas executive management and Lazard Frres to approach candidates to obtain preliminary indications of interest for a strategic
transaction. 

On July 16, 2002, the Corvas board
of directors held a special meeting to consider a restructuring recommended by management. The board approved managements plan to reduce Corvas research and administrative staff by nearly 40% and to focus its continuing development
efforts on rNAPc2 for the treatment of acute coronary syndromes and its most advanced preclinical cancer programs. Corvas would continue to seek strategic ways to diversify its drug pipeline and redeploy its cash resources to maximize long term
stockholder 



value. The board of directors also discussed the status of the acquisition candidates being approached for preliminary indications of
interest, managements efforts to identify later stage clinical drug candidates or marketed drugs available for sale and other strategic alternatives. 

Through February 14, 2003, Corvas executive management or its financial advisors contacted 54 companies about the potential for
engaging in strategic discussions. Corvas held management meetings with 14 companies, conducted scientific diligence on a number of companies and received five preliminary merger proposals (including a merger proposal from Dendreon). Throughout this
period, Corvas executive management continued to engage in ongoing corporate development activities for Corvas as an independent company. 

On September 23, 2002, the Corvas board of directors at its regular meeting received a detailed update on the companys merger and
acquisition discussions. Executive management updated the board on the status of its discussions, including its assessment of the potential strategic fit of the most active prospects. Prior to the meeting, executive management had met with the
management of ten candidates and had analyzed the strategic benefits of potential combinations with these companies. During the meeting, executive management presented a more detailed review of the drug pipeline of Private Company A and the
potential synergies of a combination with that company. Executive management also reviewed the drug pipeline of Private Company B. Executive management recommended that Corvas continue to pursue a transaction with Private Company A while continuing
to explore other options. Executive management also updated the board of directors on the status of its ongoing corporate development activities, including a planned trip to China to explore a potential collaboration. 

Following the September 2002 board meeting, Corvas
executive management continued to engage in scientific diligence and other extensive discussions with Private Company A. Discussions were subsequently terminated because of differences in opinion on relative valuation and clinical priorities.
Discussions with Private Company B were terminated in November because of due diligence concerns. 

In October 2002, Corvas executive management began discussions concerning a possible spin-out of its serine protease cancer programs
as a way to further reduce the companys expense levels. Executive management also explored obtaining development agreements for the small molecule programs that were terminated as part of the restructuring. Corvas executive management
also considered how each of these potential spin-outs and development agreements could impact a larger potential merger or acquisition transaction. 

Beginning in October 2002, Corvas executive management held discussions with Public Company C, including meetings in which the
companies shared scientific information about their technologies. Corvas also retained outside experts to assist in scientific, clinical and patent due diligence. 

On December 2, 2002, Dr. Mitchell Gold, then Dendreons Chief Business Officer, met with Randall Woods,
the Chief Executive Officer of Corvas, to discuss opportunities for potential collaborations between the companies. They agreed to arrange for a meeting to discuss a possible strategic combination between Corvas and Dendreon. 

On December 12, 2002, the Corvas board of directors at its
regular meeting received an update of the status of the merger and acquisition discussions. At this meeting: 



Executive management gave a report on the preliminary scientific diligence performed by Corvas management on several candidates. The board of directors instructed
executive management to investigate in more detail Private Company D as a potential candidate. 



Executive management also informed the board of directors of the terms of a potential spin-out of some or all of the cancer programs to a private company.



A representative of Lazard Frres gave an oral presentation regarding potential financial terms regarding a transaction involving Corvas as well as possible
financial metrics regarding Corvas. 





The board of directors discussed in detail alternatives to a merger or acquisition, including continuing to execute on its strategic plan as an independent company
and liquidation of the company. Following the discussion, the board of directors concluded that the company should continue to pursue a strategic merger in addition to continuing to consider other options. 



The board of directors reviewed and approved an operating and capital budget for fiscal year 2003, including the budgets for the ongoing ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial and the
preclinical cancer programs. 

On
December 19, 2002, Dr. Gold, Dr. David Urdal, Dendreons President and Chief Scientific Officer, Mr. Woods, Stephen Keane, Corvas Vice President of Corporate Development, Dr. Edwin Madison, Corvas Vice President of Biological
Research, and Derek Kelaita, Corvas Associate Director of Business Development, met and discussed potential synergies between the companies, including a combination of each companys cancer programs. At the end of December 2002, Dendreon
retained outside consultants to assist it in a preliminary evaluation of Corvas cardiovascular programs. 

On January 7, 2003, Dr. Gold, now Dendreons Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Christopher Henney, Executive Chairman of the board of
directors of Dendreon, Mr. Woods and Mr. Keane, met during the JP Morgan H&Q Healthcare Conference in San Francisco, California and agreed that the parties would consider engaging in merger discussions. Thereafter, Dendreon retained Needham
& Company and SG Cowen as its financial advisors for a possible transaction with Corvas. 

On January 10, 2003, Dendreon and Corvas entered into a mutual nondisclosure agreement providing for safeguarding confidential information that the parties might disclose to one another during
discussions. 

On January 10, 2003, Dr. Gold, Dr.
Henney, Dr. Urdal, Martin Simonetti, Dendreons Chief Financial Officer, Grant Pickering, Dendreons Vice President of Operations, Dr. Reiner Laus, Dendreons Vice President of Research, Dr. Jelle Kylstra, Dendreons Senior
Medical Director, an outside consultant to Dendreon, and representatives of Dendreons financial advisors, Needham & Company and SG Cowen, met with Mr. Woods, Dr. George Vlasuk, Corvas Chief Scientific Officer, Mr. Keane, Mr.
Kelaita, and Dr. Madison as well as representatives of Lazard Frres, at Dendreons offices in Seattle, Washington, to share information about the scientific and clinical programs at both companies. No terms of a potential transaction
were discussed. 

Following that meeting, the
executive management of each company retained outside expert professionals to assist it with scientific and clinical diligence, diligence on the commercial viability of the other companys products, patent due diligence and legal due diligence.
Beginning January 15, 2003, Dendreon and Corvas each submitted due diligence requests and began to exchange diligence materials. The parties also held diligence conference calls and meetings during the period from January 10, 2003 through February
21, 2003. 

On January 21, 2003, Dr. Gold and Mr.
Simonetti as well as its financial advisors met with Mr. Woods, Dr. Vlasuk, Carolyn Felzer, Corvas Vice President and Controller, Dr. Madison, Mr. Kelaita and a representative of Lazard Frres at Corvas San Diego, California
offices to conduct further diligence. Dr. Gold, Mr. Simonetti, Mr. Woods and Mr. Keane met separately and discussed the combined companys clinical and preclinical pipelines, the synergies in Dendreons and Corvas oncology programs,
the combined companys ability to deploy the existing infrastructure of Dendreon and Corvas to provide needed expertise, and the strength of the balance sheet of the combined company. In Dendreons case, among other things, Corvas could
provide expertise in developing small molecule inhibitors to enhance Dendreons capabilities for its collaboration with Genentech on its trp-p8 target. In Corvas case, among other things, Dendreons strong clinical development
capabilities could help to advance rNAPc2 and its preclinical cancer programs through the clinical development stage. 

On January 28, 2003, the Dendreon board of directors held a special telephonic board meeting. At that meeting, Dendreons executive
management discussed the strategic rationale for a combination with Corvas and 



the status of the discussions and the alternatives to the combination, and reviewed information about the Corvas product development
programs, personnel, and financial condition. Executive management also described the structure of a possible transaction with Corvas, including the potential financial terms. 

On January 29, 2003, Dr. Gold and Mr. Simonetti held a conference call with Mr. Woods, Mr. Keane and Mr.
Kelaita to discuss the terms of a written nonbinding proposal that Dendreon intended to submit to Corvas. 

On January 29, 2003, following discussions with its legal counsel and financial advisors and review of analyses prepared by its financial
advisors, Dendreon submitted to Corvas a written nonbinding letter expressing Dendreons interest in proceeding with an acquisition of Corvas. The letter proposed a fixed exchange ratio of 0.4216 shares of Dendreons common stock for each
share of Corvas common stock without any price protection and assumed that Corvas 5.5% convertible senior subordinated notes with an assumed value of $14.6 million at maturity would remain outstanding until maturity. The proposal indicated
that Corvas would be entitled to appropriate representation on the board of directors of the combined company. The proposal was subject to completion of Dendreons due diligence and contained a request for a 60-day exclusivity period for
negotiating a definitive agreement. 

On January
30, 2003, the Corvas board of directors held a special meeting to discuss the outcome of the diligence on Public Company C. Executive management made a presentation on its diligence findings and recommended that discussions be terminated because
Public Company Cs development strategy, capitalization and intellectual property position were not sufficient to merit a combination. Executive management also informed the board of directors of the receipt of the written nonbinding letter
from Dendreon. The board of directors agreed that the merger discussions with Public Company C should be terminated, agreed that Corvas should continue discussions with Dendreon to seek an improved proposal, and requested that Lazard Frres
follow up with several other potential candidates that were previously discussed, including two candidates that were suggested by Corvas largest stockholder, Biotechnology Value Fund. 

On January 30, 2003, Dr. Gold and Mr. Simonetti held a
teleconference with Mr. Woods, Mr. Keane and Mr. Kelaita to discuss the terms outlined in the January 29, 2003 nonbinding proposal. The parties discussed the fact that the exchange ratio of 0.4216 offered on January 29, 2003 would need to be
increased. 

Following that teleconference, on
January 30, 2003, after further discussions with its legal counsel and financial advisors, Dendreon sent a revised proposal to Mr. Woods that increased the fixed exchange ratio to 0.4804 shares of Dendreon stock for each share of Corvas stock
and reduced the proposed exclusivity period to 15 days. 

Following receipt of the revised proposal, Corvas executive management met with its counsel and its financial advisor to review and discuss the nonbinding proposal, including the proposed fixed exchange ratio and potential
price protections. 

Through the week of February
3, 2003, Lazard Frres followed up with other potential candidates, including the candidates suggested by Biotechnology Value Fund. One of these candidates took the Corvas overture to its board of directors and communicated that, while its
board of directors was interested in the Corvas opportunity, it was not prepared to pursue a strategic transaction at this time. The other candidate discussed the Corvas transaction amongst its management team and decided not to proceed. Private
Company D, with which discussions had begun in late 2002, gave Corvas a preliminary merger proposal. No other candidate expressed interest in proceeding. 

Also, during the week of February 3, 2003, Corvas management conducted further due diligence including the preparation of a five year
financial forecast for Dendreon and for the combined company based on detailed discussions with Dendreon management and other due diligence. During that week, Dendreon also conducted further due diligence of Corvas. Dendreon management visited
Corvas San Diego headquarters on February 4, 



2003, to continue scientific due diligence and to review Corvas regulatory, clinical, manufacturing and quality infrastructure.

On February 7, 2003, Corvas board of
directors held a special telephonic board meeting. At the meeting: 



Executive management updated the board of directors on the status of additional contacts made to solicit interest from potential merger candidates, including the
preliminary proposal from Private Company D. That proposal was rejected because of a substantial difference in opinion as to the relative valuations of the companies. 



Executive management presented the proposal received from Dendreon, including the proposed fixed exchange ratio and the proposed exclusivity period.



A representative of Lazard Frres made an oral presentation regarding potential financial terms of a transaction involving Corvas and possible financial
metrics regarding Corvas. 



Executive management discussed the diligence process being pursued. 



Executive management reviewed with the board of directors the strategic rationale for a merger, the potential benefits and risks of a merger and the alternatives to
a merger. 



The board of directors indicated that it supported Corvas entering into an exclusivity agreement with Dendreon of not more than 10 business days if Dendreon agreed
to an exchange ratio of not less than 0.4804 and directed management and financial advisors to explore obtaining price protection. 

Following the board meeting on February 7, 2003, Corvas submitted a nonbinding counterproposal to Dendreon that proposed an exchange ratio
of 0.4804 shares or approximately 33% of the combined company, and an exclusivity period of 10 business days subject to a price protection mechanism to be negotiated. The exchange ratio was not conditioned upon the assumption of the Corvas debt.
Corvas also requested up to one-third of the board seats of the combined company. 

On February 11, 2003, Dendreon and Corvas entered into a mutual nondisclosure agreement that superceded the original nondisclosure agreement. 

On February 11, 2003, members of Corvas executive management
as well as representatives of its financial advisor and outside legal counsel met at Dendreons offices in Seattle, Washington to conduct additional due diligence. 

Also on that date, Dr. Gold, Mr. Simonetti, Deborah Elvins, Dendreons Vice President Legal Affairs,
Mr. Woods, Mr. Keane as well as Corvas outside counsel from Cooley Godward LLP, Dendreons outside legal counsel from Stoel Rives LLP, and the financial advisors to Dendreon and Corvas held a negotiating session by telephone
conference. During the negotiations, Corvas and its advisors sought to include price protection in the form of either a collar on the exchange ratio or a right to terminate the merger agreement based upon a decline in Dendreons stock price to
a specific price. Dendreon indicated that it was unwilling to proceed with the transaction involving any price protection mechanisms. Corvas offered to proceed if the merger agreement contained minimal conditions to closing and if the officers and
directors of Dendreonwho represent collectively approximately 35% of the outstanding voting power of Dendreonentered into binding voting agreements to vote in favor of the combination with the understanding that the Corvas officers and
directorswho represent less than 1% of the outstanding voting power of Corvaswould enter into similar voting agreements. In addition, the definitive agreement would contain a fiduciary termination right in the event of Corvas
receipt of a superior offer. Finally, the parties discussed the composition of the board of directors of the combined company and agreed that it would include appropriate Corvas representation without resolving the size of the board or the number of
Corvas representatives. 

On February 11, 2003,
the board of directors of Dendreon held a special telephonic board meeting to discuss the proposed transaction. At that meeting, executive management reviewed the events that had occurred since the 



January 28, 2003 special meeting and the current status of the proposed transaction. Executive management also summarized the results of
Dendreons due diligence review to date, and outlined the financial and other terms of a potential transaction. At that meeting, the board approved the execution of a nonbinding term sheet, and authorized executive management to proceed with
negotiations for a definitive merger agreement. 

Later on February 11, 2003, Dendreon and Corvas executed the nonbinding term sheet. 

On February 14, 2003, Dendreon and Corvas entered into a mutual exclusivity and standstill agreement pursuant to which Corvas and Dendreon
each agreed not to solicit or encourage the initiation or submission of any defined acquisition transactions until the earlier of February 26, 2003 or the date on which the other party advised it in writing that it was terminating all negotiations
regarding a potential business transaction. The exclusivity provisions expressly permitted Corvas Vice President of Corporate Development to continue to provide diligence information to a named private company in connection with a possible
spin-out of the cancer program subject to certain conditions. The agreement also contained a mutual 18 month standstill agreement pursuant to which both parties agreed not to seek to acquire control of the other party other than through a negotiated
transaction. 

On February 14, 2003,
Dendreons outside legal counsel, Stoel Rives LLP, circulated a first draft of the merger agreement. 

On February 18 and 19, 2003, members of Dendreons management team, as well as Dendreons outside legal counsel and
Dendreons financial advisors met in San Diego at the offices of Cooley Godward with members of Corvas management team, as well as Corvas outside legal counsel and Corvas financial advisors. During this period, representatives
of both Corvas and Dendreon, including members of their respective financial and legal advisory teams, conducted face to face negotiations with respect to the terms of the proposed merger agreement. In addition, from February 17 through February 23,
the parties conducted numerous conference calls and on February 24 held in-person discussions to negotiate the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and related documents and discussed various other legal, financial and regulatory
matters related to the combination. 

On February
18, 2003, the Human Resources Committee of Corvas held a regularly scheduled meeting during which target bonuses were determined for the Corvas executive officers for 2003. Mr. Woods and outside counsel reviewed with the Committee how the
determination and communication of target bonuses for 2003 would impact any severance payments made under the companys change in control plan for executive officers and informed the Committee that the projected cash being used by Dendreon
assumed that Mr. Woods and Dr. Vlasuk received benefits under the plan at the maximum targeted bonus. Following a discussion, the Human Resources Committee approved the dollar amount of the target bonuses for each of the executive officers.

On February 19, 2003, the Corvas board of
directors held a regularly scheduled board meeting. At the meeting: 



Dr. Gold, with Dr. Henney in attendance, gave a presentation on Dendreon, the synergies between Dendreon and Corvas and the strategic benefits of the proposed
combination and then left the meeting. 



Executive management of Corvas then gave detailed reports on the results of the scientific, clinical, manufacturing, commercialization, patent, regulatory and legal
diligence conducted by outside consultants and Corvas personnel. The board of directors discussed in detail these diligence reports and the board of directors requested that management share one of the diligence reports with Dendreon and follow up
with one of the outside consultants on the questions raised in his preliminary report. 



A representative of Lazard Frres orally reviewed potential financial terms and possible financial metrics regarding Corvas. 





A representative of Cooley Godward reviewed the status of the combination discussions, including the overall structure of the merger agreement, the pre-closing
covenants, the conditions to closing, regulatory approvals, the termination provisions and termination fees, and the board size and composition and the status of open issues. During the executive session, the board of directors also discussed the
potential representatives of Corvas on the combined company board. 



Corvas executive management reviewed with the board of directors the strategic rationale for a combination, the potential benefits and risks of the proposed
combination as well as alternatives to the combination. 

On February 20, 2003, Dr. Henney, Dr. Urdal, Mr. Pickering, Dr. Klystra, Dr. Israel Rios, Dendreons Vice President, Clinical Affairs and an outside statistician used by Dendreon in connection with its analysis of the
data of the D9901 trial of Provenge held a teleconference with the outside professional who was hired by Corvas to provide due diligence on the planned pivotal trial for Provenge for the treatment of androgen independent prostrate cancer, Dr.
Vlasuk, Mr. Keane, and representatives from Corvas financial advisors and legal counsel. The purpose of the call was to address questions about the D9901 trial data. 

On February 21, 2003, Dr. Gold and Mr. Woods met with representatives of Artisan Equity Limited, the holder
of Corvas 5.5% convertible senior subordinated notes, for purposes of determining whether Artisan Equity would be willing to waive its right to require the redemption by Corvas of the convertible senior subordinated notes upon the change in
control of Corvas. At that meeting, the representatives of Artisan Equity indicated that the holding of convertible debt of Dendreon would be inconsistent with Artisan Equitys investment strategy and that Artisan Equity had made its original
investment in Corvas in material part because of Mr. Woods role as Chief Executive Officer, and that Mr. Woods would not be part of the executive management of the combined company. Consequently, Artisan Equity decided it would not waive
its redemption right following the change in control of Corvas. 

Following that meeting, on February 21, 2003, Dr. Gold informed Mr. Woods that Dendreon intended to revise its proposal in order to obtain the approval of its board of directors. The executive management, financial advisors and legal
counsel of Dendreon and Corvas held a teleconference that day to discuss the notes, during which Corvas and its advisors presented a rationale for not reopening the exchange ratio negotiations and Dendreon presented its rationale for reopening the
exchange ratio because of the difference in the capitalization of the combined company as a consequence of Artisan Equitys decision. During the call, Dr. Henney had a separate conference call with Dr. Blake Ingle, Corvas Chairman of the
Board, in which Dr. Henney indicated that Dendreon intended to submit a revised proposal. 

On February 22, 2003, Dendreon sent Corvas a written proposal to change the fixed exchange ratio to 0.4097 shares of Dendreon common stock for each share of Corvas common stock. The executive
management, financial advisors and legal counsel for Dendreon and Corvas held several conference call negotiating sessions to discuss the basis for the revised calculation and to negotiate the fixed exchange ratio. 

On February 23, 2003, the Corvas board of directors held a
special meeting to discuss the revised exchange ratio presented by Dendreon and other open issues in the negotiations, including the size and composition of the board of directors of the combined company and Dendreons right to incur debt or
issue equity securities prior to the closing of the transaction. Executive management also updated the board on the outcome of the follow-up diligence session with Corvas outside professional and Dendreon and concluded that the remaining
diligence questions were resolved. The board of directors authorized executive management and the financial advisors to negotiate as favorable a deal as possible within a range of authorized exchange ratios. 

On February 23, 2003, executive management, legal counsel and
financial advisors for Dendreon and Corvas continued negotiations of the fixed exchange ratio and ultimately agreed on 0.45 per share. The parties 



also negotiated the debt and equity covenants consistent with the directions from the Corvas board of directors, agreed that two members of
the Corvas board would become directors of Dendreon, and agreed to certain restrictions on Dendreons ability to increase the size of the board of directors of the combined company for a period of time following closing of the combination.

On February 24, 2003, a special meeting of the
Dendreon board of directors by telephone and in person was held at the offices of Cooley Godward in San Diego, California. Prior to the meeting, the directors were provided with the draft merger agreement, voting and lock-up agreement, and
diligence, strategic, financial and other materials relevant to the proposed combination. At the meeting: 



Dr. Gold described the events that had occurred since the February 11, 2003 board meeting. 



Dr. Urdal provided a detailed review and analysis of the results of the companys investigation and due diligence regarding Corvas preclinical and
clinical product candidates and managements assessment of available safety and efficacy information and the development and market risks associated with Corvas rNAPc2 product candidate. 



Dr. Harris described the results of the due diligence he had conducted of Corvas small molecule capabilities. 



Dr. Gold described the strategic rationale for the acquisition, including a review of the companys previous discussions about potential strategic partners, and
the advantages and potential risks of a combination with Corvas. 



Dr. Gold summarized the history of the negotiations and described the financial terms of the acquisition and the analysis on which those terms were based. He also
discussed other principal business terms of the proposed transaction. 



Needham & Company opined that the Conversion Number of 0.45 was fair to the stockholders of Dendreon from a financial point of view and provided the board with
the analyses underlying its opinion. 



Ms. Elvins reviewed legal matters, including the structure of the proposed transaction and the terms of the merger agreement and the voting and lock-up agreement.

Following a discussion, the
Dendreon board of directors unanimously approved the merger agreement and unanimously resolved to recommend that Dendreon stockholders vote in favor of the issuance of shares of Dendreon common stock to Corvas stockholders in the combination.

On February 24, 2003, the Corvas board of
directors met by teleconference to consider the proposed combination with Dendreon. Prior to the meeting, Corvas directors were provided with draft agreements and other materials regarding the proposed transaction. At the meeting: 



Mr. Woods updated the Corvas board of directors on developments since the telephonic board meeting on February 23, 2003, including the outcome of the negotiations of
open issues. 



Representatives of Lazard Frres made a financial presentation and presented orally the fairness opinion of Lazard Frres discussed in Opinion of
Corvas Financial Advisor. 



A representative of Cooley Godward reviewed legal matters, including terms of the proposed merger agreement and the lock-up and voting agreements, including changes
negotiated since February 19, 2003. 

Following a discussion, the Corvas board of directors unanimously approved the merger agreement and the amendment to the equity plan and unanimously resolved to recommend that Corvas stockholders vote in favor of the approval of the
merger agreement. 

On February 24, 2003, the
parties completed negotiations of the definitive merger agreement and related agreements. The merger agreement, the voting and lock-up agreements, and the amendment to the Corvas rights agreement were executed by the parties on the evening of
February 24, 2003. 



On February
25, 2003, Dendreon and Corvas issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the merger agreement and held a conference call to discuss the transaction. 

On February 28, 2003, Mark Lampert, the President of Biotechnology Value Fund, sent a letter to each of the
members of the Corvas board of directors expressing his opposition to the combination and urging the board of directors to terminate the merger agreement and immediately liquidate the company. On March 3, 2003, Biotechnology Value Fund amended its
Schedule 13D with respect to its beneficial ownership in Corvas to publish the letter sent to the Corvas board. 

On March 4, 2003, Corvas filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K that stated that the Corvas
board of directors disagrees with the statements and conclusions of Biotechnology Value Fund and urged the stockholders to withhold judgment on the facts presented in the letter and on the pending combination until the joint proxy
statement/prospectus of Corvas and Dendreon is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

On March 4, 2003, Asset Value Fund Limited filed a class action lawsuit against Corvas and the members of the Corvas board of directors in
the Delaware Chancery Court. The complaint alleges that the Corvas board of directors breached its fiduciary duties in approving the combination. 

On March 6, 2003, SC Fundamental LLC, a stockholder of Corvas, issued a press release urging the board of directors of Corvas to
immediately curtail all company spending to preserve cash, negotiate an immediate termination of the merger agreement and barring a transaction with superior value, pursue a prompt liquidation of the company. 

Dendreons Reasons for the Combination 

Dendreons board of directors believes that the acquisition of Corvas will provide significant strategic and financial benefits. Corvas strong balance sheet combined with its portfolio of promising product
candidates in oncology enhances Dendreons potential to become a top-tier biotechnology company through a near-term product opportunity in Provenge, its therapeutic vaccine for prostate cancer which is in Phase III clinical trials, and, in the
longer term, a diverse portfolio of other oncology product candidates. Dendreons board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and recommends that Dendreon
stockholders vote 
FOR
 approval of the issuance of shares of Dendreon common stock in the combination. 

In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, Dendreons board of directors consulted with senior members of
Dendreons management team regarding the strategic and operational aspects of the combination and the results of the due diligence efforts undertaken by management, third party consultants, and Dendreons legal and financial advisors. In
addition, Dendreons board of directors held discussions with members of senior management and representatives of Needham & Company regarding the past and current business operations, financial condition, competitive position, stock
performance, and future prospects of Corvas and Dendreon. Dendreons board of directors also consulted with Needham & Company as to the fairness, from a financial point of view to Dendreon stockholders, of the merger consideration to be
paid by Dendreon. Dendreons board of directors also consulted with Dendreons counsel regarding legal due diligence matters and the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements. In reaching its decision to approve the merger
agreement, Dendreons board of directors considered a variety of factors, a number of which are summarized below: 



Strengthened Strategic Position
. 

Dendreons board of directors considered the potential strategic and other benefits of the combination, including the
complementary nature of the businesses of Corvas and Dendreon. Dendreons board of directors concluded that the combination would enhance Dendreons potential to become a top-tier 



biotechnology company through a stronger balance sheet and a more diversified technology base and product pipeline. Dendreons board
determined that the combination of Corvas oncology products in preclinical development with Dendreons existing preclinical and clinical product pipeline would strengthen Dendreons position in oncology therapeutics and enhance
Dendreons strategic position within the biotechnology market. 



Complementary Technology Base
. 

Dendreons board of directors considered the performance and future prospects of Corvas preclinical products
based upon the serine protease gene family and managements belief that the combined company will be better positioned to achieve their full market potential as described below. 

Development of novel therapeutic products is a complex process that requires the application
of management and scientific expertise from a range of disciplines. The combination will combine the scientific expertise of Corvas with the diverse scientific expertise, and the experienced clinical trial and management team of Dendreon to enhance
the probability of successful development of the combined companys preclinical and clinical products. This combination of expertise and experience would, among other things, facilitate clinical development of Corvas product candidates
and augment Dendreons small molecule capabilities. 

Corvas portfolio of preclinical therapeutic product candidates is focused on distinct oncology applications that will broaden and deepen Dendreons existing preclinical product pipeline. All of Corvas
preclinical drug candidates are directed towards different members of the family of tumor-associated serine proteases. Serine proteases are believed to play key roles in tumor growth, invasion and angiogenesis. The function of serine proteases
provides the basis for therapeutics that inhibit the function of serine proteases, provide targets for monoclonal antibodies or leverage their enzymatic activity. Corvas has product candidates in each of these categories. 

The group of therapeutic candidates that has
advanced the farthest through preclinical studies is derived from Corvas Protease Activated Cancer Therapy, or PACT, program. These drug candidates carry an inactive precursor of a cytotoxic compound which is only activated in a
tumor. This strategy allows the introduction of larger amounts of cytotoxic compound within the tumor while reducing the toxic effect of the compound on normal tissue. The PACT product candidates has the potential to be widely applicable in oncology
and would provide Dendreon with a technology platform distinct from, and complementary to, its existing technology platforms. 

Dendreons board of directors evaluated Corvas rNAPc2 product candidate, currently in part 1 of a three-part
Phase II clinical trial. This product candidate, currently being tested in patients with acute coronary syndromes, shows promise as a novel cardiovascular product targeting large markets. Results from part 1 are expected to be available in the
second half of 2003. At that time, the combined company will be able to evaluate prospects for this product candidate and determine its suitability for further development and possible collaboration. In addition, Dendreons board of directors
noted that the majority of the clinical trial expenses for part 1 had been paid, reducing the costs to the combined company of continuing the program. 



Building a More Sustainable Enterprise

The Dendreon board of directors considered that the combination would create a more sustainable enterprise in the following ways:



A stronger balance sheet to allow the combined company greater flexibility in timing the need to access capital markets; 



A combined portfolio of clinical and preclinical products to provide the combined company with a more consistent, diversified flow of product candidates;



Substantially greater financial resources to enable the combined company to negotiate more favorable corporate collaborations and licensing opportunities;





The leadership of a strong and capable management team with significant experience developing successful biotechnology companies; 



The ability to select from a broader range of product candidates for significant investments of financial and other resources; and 



A more robust preclinical program in significant areas of unmet medical needs. 



Strengthening Competitive Position
.     

The Dendreon board of directors also considered the opportunity that the combination would
strengthen Dendreons competitive position, through the following means: 



The financial resources of the combined company would contribute to the development of Provenge; 



The financial resources of the combined company would assist in the development of Dendreons other clinical stage products, including APC8024, and the combined
companys preclinical product candidates; 



The combination would add significant expertise in small molecule development, especially with respect to the development of a small molecule targeting trp-p8, and
in serine protease development; 



Dendreons experience in managing clinical trials would improve the opportunity for Corvas product candidate, rNAPc2, to complete a successful Phase II
trial and position it advantageously for a potential collaboration; 



The combined company would benefit from a significant intellectual property estate, including the patents associated with rNAPc2 and the oncology patent portfolio;
and 



The combined company would benefit from its portfolio of potentially valuable collaborations. 



Financial Synergies
. 

Dendreons board of directors considered the present plans for the combined company to continue a significant
research and development capability in San Diego. The board of directors also considered the cost savings that may be achieved by the combined company including savings from consolidation of corporate and administrative infrastructures and a
reduction in force. Dendreons board of directors considered the financial strength of Corvas and the prospects of the current capital markets, and managements estimates that the combined company will have financial resources to fund
anticipated operations through approximately December 2005. Dendreons board of directors also concluded that the acquisition of Corvas would improve Dendreons prospects for long-term growth by creating a larger biotechnology company with
more opportunities for future revenues and earnings. Dendreons ability to achieve these goals is subject to various factors, a number of which will be beyond its control, including economic conditions and unanticipated changes in business
conditions, and, therefore, there can be no assurance that these results will be achieved. See Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements. 



Strategic Alternatives
. 

Dendreons board of directors considered other possible acquisition opportunities and determined that the acquisition
of Corvas was a strategic fit and presented a favorable opportunity to enhance and expand Dendreons business, product line and position it for future growth. 



Integration of Corvas
. 

Dendreons board of directors considered the fact that the combination of the businesses of Dendreon and Corvas would
be challenging. However, after consultation with Dendreon management, Dendreons board of directors determined that the operations of Corvas could be integrated with those of Dendreon in an efficient manner. 





Terms of the Merger Agreement
. 

Dendreons board of directors, with the assistance of counsel, considered the general terms of the merger agreement,
including: 



Fixed Conversion Number
.    Dendreons board of directors considered the fact that the fixed Conversion Number provided certainty as
to the number of shares of Dendreon common stock to be issued to Corvas stockholders and the percentage of the total shares of Dendreon common stock that current Corvas stockholders would own after the combination. Dendreons board also
considered the premium that the merger consideration implied in light of the financial, clinical, scientific and other information about Corvas available to it. 



No Solicitation; Termination Fee.
    Dendreons board of directors reviewed the provisions of the merger agreement that limit the
ability of Corvas to solicit other acquisition offers. Dendreons board of directors also considered the provisions that require the payment of a $2.187 million termination fee by Dendreon or Corvas if the merger agreement is terminated due to
specified reasons. Dendreons board of directors believed that these provisions were reasonable under the circumstances. 



Conditions to Consummation
.    Dendreons board of directors reviewed the conditions to consummation of the combination, in
particular the likelihood of obtaining the necessary stockholder approvals, and the likelihood that the combination would be complete, and believed that the necessary approvals would likely be obtained and the conditions to consummation would be
timely satisfied. 



Opinion of Financial Advisor
. 

Dendreons board of directors considered the opinion of Needham & Company that, as of the date of its opinion,
and based upon and subject to the considerations described in the opinion and based on such other matters as Needham & Company considered relevant, the Conversion Number was fair from a financial point of view to Dendreons stockholders.
See Opinion of Dendreons Financial Advisor. 



Tax Treatment
. 

Dendreons board of directors also considered the federal income tax treatment of the combination and its expected
qualification as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 



Lock-up and Voting Agreements
. 

Dendreons board of directors also discussed the terms of the lock-up and voting agreements between Dendreon and the
directors and executive officers of Corvas. Dendreons board of directors noted that these stockholders, which as of the record date for the Corvas Special Meeting owned approximately [    

    ]% of the outstanding shares of Corvas common stock, have agreed to vote for adoption of the merger agreement. 

In addition, Dendreons board of
directors also identified and considered a variety of potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the combination, including: 



The risk that the potential benefits sought in the combination might not be fully realized; 



The possibility that the combination might not be completed, or that completion might be unduly delayed; 



The effect on Dendreons stock price of (i) a public announcement of the combination, and (ii) the failure to complete the combination, to the extent that the
market price after public announcement reflected a market assumption that the combination will be completed; 



The projected dilution of existing stockholders interests in Dendreon as a result of the issuance of the shares in the combination, and the estimated time
period for the combination to be accretive to Dendreons earnings per share; 



The risk that managements efforts to integrate Corvas will disrupt Dendreons operations; 





The substantial charges to be incurred in connection with the combination, including costs of integrating the businesses of Dendreon and Corvas and transaction
expenses that would be incurred whether or not the combination is completed; 



The risk that despite the efforts of the combined company, key management and research and development personnel might not remain employed by the combined company;
and 



Various other risks associated with the combination and the businesses of Dendreon, Corvas and the combined company described in the section entitled Risk
Factors and in the documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Dendreons board of directors concluded, however, that overall, the potentially negative factors associated with the combination were
outweighed by the potential benefits of the combination. 

The above discussion of the factors considered by Dendreons board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but does set forth the principal factors considered by Dendreons board of directors. Dendreons board
of directors collectively reached the unanimous conclusion to approve the merger agreement in light of the various factors described above and other factors that each member of Dendreons board of directors believed were appropriate. In view of
the wide variety of factors considered by Dendreons board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the combination and the complexity of these matters, Dendreons board of directors did not consider it practical, and did not
attempt, to quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors it considered in reaching its decision. Rather, Dendreons board of directors made its recommendation based on the totality of information presented to and
the investigation conducted by it. In considering the factors discussed above, individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. 

Dendreons board of directors unanimously recommends that Dendreon stockholders vote 
FOR
 approval of the issuance
of shares of Dendreon common stock in the first merger. 

Corvas Reasons for the Combination 

While Corvas has a lead clinical drug program that addresses a large potential market, promising preclinical cancer programs and a strong balance sheet that would enable Corvas to remain an independent entity, the Corvas
board of directors believes that the combination with Dendreon will provide substantial benefits to the stockholders of Corvas. The combination permits stockholders to obtain an equity interest in a combined company with four product candidates in
clinical trials, later stage candidates that Corvas believes have lower inherent risks, potential revenue diversity, stronger alliance partners, stronger technology resources and greater financial strength than Corvas has on its own and enables
Corvas to redeploy its cash resources across the combined clinical pipeline. At its meeting on February 24, 2003, the Corvas board of directors unanimously approved the merger agreement and resolved to recommend that the Corvas stockholders vote

FOR
 the adoption of the merger agreement. 

In making its determination to approve the merger agreement, the Corvas board of directors consulted with the Corvas executive management regarding the strategic and operational aspects of the merger and the results of the due
diligence of Dendreon undertaken by management and advisors to Corvas. In addition, the Corvas board of directors consulted with representatives of Lazard Frres regarding financial matters and with representatives of Cooley Godward regarding
legal matters. In the course of reaching its determination, the Corvas board of directors considered a variety of factors, including the following: 



Strategic Benefits of the Combination.

The Corvas board of directors considered the strategic benefits of the combination, including the following benefits:



Greater Product Diversification.
    After the combination, the combined company will have a significantly larger pipeline of clinical
drug candidates under development and a greater 



diversification of development risk than Corvas. The clinical pipeline will include Provenge, a cancer vaccine in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of
androgen independent and androgen dependent prostrate cancer, Mylovenge, a Phase II cancer vaccine for the treatment of multiple myeloma, rNAPc2, a Phase II drug candidate for the treatment of acute coronary syndromes, and APC 8024, a Phase I
vaccine for the treatment of advanced metastatic breast, ovarian and colon cancer patients. The Corvas board of directors concluded that the risk to the Corvas stockholders from Corvas dependence on rNAPc2 to succeed in the ongoing Phase II
clinical trial would be reduced through the diversification of risk through the later stage Dendreon product candidates. The Corvas stockholders could continue to participate in any rNAPc2 benefits while diversifying the risk through the
participation in three other clinical stage products. 



Enhanced Cancer Research and Development Capabilities.
    The Corvas board of directors believes that the combined company will have a
broader array of research and development capabilities to develop new cancer therapeutics to strengthen the clinical pipeline. The combined programs will include the development of antibodies for three Dendreon targets, including DN 1924, DN
1921, and the trp-p8 target for which Dendreon is collaborating with Genentech, and the continuing development of serine protease inhibitors in the Corvas program, the development of small molecule inhibitors for some of the same targets and the
Urokinase and Matriptase inhibitors developed by Corvas as well as the Corvas prodrug program and the preclinical cancer vaccine targets being pursued by Dendreon. The combination will allow Dendreon to enhance its expertise in small molecule
inhibitors to facilitate its development of a small molecule to trp-p8 under the Genentech collaboration and consolidate its small molecule research efforts under the collaboration in Corvas San Diego facility. The board of directors believes
that the combined company will have greater resources and the opportunity to pursue the most promising new product opportunities. 



Enhanced Clinical Development Expertise.
    The Corvas board of directors believes that Dendreons clinical development expertise
will strengthen the ability to advance its lead drug, rNAPc2, through its ongoing Phase II clinical trial and, assuming favorable results and a collaborator, to advance rNAPc2 through a Phase III clinical trial. Corvas has operated with a limited
executive management staff and internal clinical expertise to minimize its expenses and has long sought to hire a medical director. Dendreon has a larger internal clinical development staff that can provide expertise that Corvas now must seek
through outside consultants. The Corvas board of directors also considered the benefits of the combined company for improving the prospects and timeliness for Corvas oncology portfolio. 



Strong Balance Sheet of the Combined Company.
    The Corvas board of directors believes that the balance sheet of the combined company
should improve the ability to generate sustainable growth by enabling the company to focus on advancing the most promising late stage drugs through the clinical trial stages while continuing research and development on promising preclinical drug
programs without raising funds in the short term. The Corvas board of directors believes that these financial resources will enable the Corvas stockholders to realize technology value from both the rNAPc2 program and the cancer programs that need to
be further advanced to attract corporate collaborations. The strong balance sheet also should enable the combined company to seek the best collaborators for its clinical stage products. 



Strong Intellectual Property Estate.
    The Corvas board of directors also considered that the combined company would have a significant
intellectual property estate associated with a larger array of potential products than would Corvas on a stand-alone basis. 



Attractive Financial Terms.
    The board of directors believes that the merger consideration, which gives Corvas stockholders
approximately 31.4% of the combined company, values Corvas common stock at a financially attractive level in light of the Corvas stock price and trading volumes during the last 52 weeks and the companys prospects during the next 52 weeks.
Corvas stock has been trading at a negative enterprise value and at a discount to its cash position. In reaching this conclusion, the Corvas 



board of directors considered various factors and analyses with respect to the financial terms of the proposed combination, including the following:



information concerning the financial condition, the expenses, cash flow, business and prospects of Corvas and Dendreon, as well as conditions in the biotechnology
industry generally; 



information concerning the recent and historical stock price performance of Corvas common stock and Dendreon common stock, as well as Wall Street equity analysts
views regarding Corvas and Dendreon common stock; 



information concerning forecasted revenues, expenses and cash flows from each of the Corvas lead drug candidate, rNAPc2, and the Dendreon lead drug candidate,
Provenge, as well as the risks associated with obtaining marketing approval for these drug candidates from governmental regulators and commercialization related risks; 



the liquidation value of Corvas assuming that Corvas shut down its operations in the second quarter of 2003, retired its debt and settled its liabilities, including
repayment of the convertible senior subordinated debt, its lease obligations and its severance obligations, and distributed remaining cash to the stockholders; and 



the fixed nature of the exchange ratio of the merger consideration and, therefore, an increase or decrease in the market value of Dendreon common stock following the
date of announcement through the closing will increase or decrease the value per share to be received by Corvas stockholders at the time of the closing but the number of shares of Dendreon common stock to be received by each Corvas stockholder and
the percentage of the combined company owned by the Corvas stockholders will not change. 



Alternatives Considered, including Liquidation.
    Throughout the systematic search that Corvas conducted for a strategic merger or
acquisition partner, the Corvas board of directors considered possible alternatives to a merger, including the proposed combination with Dendreon. These alternatives included continuing to execute on the Corvas strategic plan as an independent
company involving the continued advancement of rNAPc2 and the oncology programs, liquidation, spin-outs of earlier stage programs, or acquiring more advanced product candidates. Although the Corvas board of directors considered Corvas remaining an
independent company a viable and attractive alternative, the board of directors recognized that the rNAPc2 program still requires a substantial investment to complete the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial to then determine whether or not to advance rNAPc2 to a
Phase III trial and that a negative outcome would significantly reduce the value of the company. During the process, Corvas did not identify any attractive opportunities for acquiring more advanced products other than through the proposed
combination with Dendreon. The Corvas board of directors considered diversification of risk while preserving the long-term value of rNAPc2 and the Corvas preclinical programs to be a substantial benefit of a strategic merger that could not be
obtained through Corvas remaining an independent company or through an immediate liquidation of the company. 

The Corvas board of directors considered a potential liquidation of the company, including the price per share that a stockholder would receive depending upon
when the liquidation were commenced, the liquidation procedure and the likely timing for the stockholders receipt of a cash distribution and the tax consequences of a liquidation. Corvas management prepared a detailed liquidation analysis
based upon three scenarios. The first scenario assumed that liquidation was initiated immediately without waiting for the results of part 1 of the ongoing ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial. It was estimated that an effective shutdown of operations would continue
into the second quarter of 2003. The other two scenarios each assumed that liquidation occurred at the end of 2003, following completion of part 2 of the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial and a negative outcome to the trial and assuming continuation of the
cancer protease programs at the current expense rate, and, alternatively, assuming an earlier spin-off the cancer programs. Each of the scenarios assumed limited proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and assigned no residual value
to the rNAPc2 program or any preclinical cancer programs because of Corvas unsuccessful efforts to date to obtain a collaborator for rNAPc2 before 



receipt of data from the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial. Management did not present a scenario assuming positive efficacy data from the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial because
liquidation was not considered an attractive alternative to a strategic combination that allowed stockholders to participate in the benefits of favorable clinical trial results for rNAPc2 or Corvas continuation as an independent company.

The board of directors considered that liquidation value was inherently imprecise and subject to risks and uncertainties that could reduce the liquidation value,
including the risk that actual liabilities and expenses, including unforeseen contingent liabilities, could exceed the projected liabilities and expenses. The board of directors also considered the procedure for approving a liquidation and
dissolution under Delaware law, including the need to obtain a vote of a majority of the outstanding common stock of Corvas in favor of the liquidation and dissolution and the need to comply with the procedures under the Delaware General Corporation
Law to avoid liability for wrongful distributions. This process could take six or more months to complete and could result in additional unexpected expense or delay in making distributions to stockholders. The Corvas board of directors further
considered the design of the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial that permits the company to make a decision about whether to proceed with the trial at the end of each part, the expectation that results from part 1 of the trial would be available in the second
half of 2003 and that efficacy results from part 2 of the trial would be available by the end of 2003, the ongoing expense of the trial (including the positive fact that manufacturing costs were incurred in prior years), and the impact that
favorable clinical results could have on the technology value of rNAPc2. 

Under the first scenario, Corvas management estimated that Corvas would have net proceeds available for distribution of $61.3 million or $2.22 per share based upon
fully diluted shares outstanding of approximately 27.6 million if Corvas commenced the liquidation process as of February 21, 2003. 

In the second scenario (which assumed Corvas continuation of the protease cancer programs until shutdown and failure of part 2 of the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial),
Corvas management estimated that Corvas would have net proceeds available for distribution of $48.3 million or $1.75 per share based upon fully diluted shares outstanding of approximately 27.6 million if the shutdown in operations and the
liquidation of assets occurred as of December 31, 2003. 

In the third scenario (which assumed Corvas completed a spin-out of the cancer protease programs as of March 31, 2003 based upon a non-binding term sheet with a
third party that Corvas negotiated and failure of part 2 of the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial), management estimated that Corvas would have net proceeds available for distribution of $53.9 million or $1.95 per share based upon fully diluted shares
outstanding of approximately 27.6 million if the shutdown in operations and the liquidation of assets occurred as of December 31, 2003. 

In considering the strategic combination with Dendreon, the Corvas board of directors considered the liquidation values in each of these scenarios and the risks and
benefits of liquidation as an alternative to entering into a strategic merger with Dendreon or remaining an independent company. The Corvas board of directors determined that the liquidation alternative was less attractive than the strategic merger
with Dendreon because liquidation would provide no technology value for the Corvas programs and because they believed that the long-term value of the combined company exceeded the liquidation price of Corvas. 



Opinion of Financial Advisor.
    The Corvas board of directors reviewed the analyses and presentations prepared by Lazard Frres
and the Lazard Frres opinion to the effect that as of the date of the merger agreement the Conversion Number to be offered to the Corvas stockholders in the merger was fair to the Corvas stockholders from a financial point of view. See
Opinion of Corvas Financial Advisor. 



Terms of the Merger Agreement.
    The Corvas board of directors, with the assistance of counsel, considered the terms and conditions of
the merger, including: 



restrictions on the conduct of business by both Corvas and Dendreon between signing of the merger agreement and the effective time of the merger;





the potential effect of the merger agreement on the potential for a third party to make a proposal to acquire Corvas after execution of the merger agreement,
including the right of the Corvas board of directors to provide information in response to an unsolicited superior proposal and to terminate the merger agreement in the event the board of directors determines it is obligated to do so in the exercise
of its fiduciary duties following the receipt of a superior proposal; and 



that the termination payment provisions of the merger agreement could discourage alternative proposals for a business combination with Corvas, but would not preclude
bona fide alternative proposals; that the size of the termination fee was reasonable in light of the size and benefits of the transaction; and that such fee would not be payable if the stockholders vote against adoption of the merger agreement and
no superior proposal had been announced before the Corvas Special Meeting. 



Lock-up and Voting Agreements.
    The Corvas board of directors also reviewed the terms of the lock-up and voting agreements among
Dendreon and directors and executive officers of Corvas providing that the directors and officers of Corvas will vote their shares of Corvas common stock, which as of the record date represented less than one percent of the outstanding Corvas common
stock, in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement at the Corvas stockholder meeting. The Corvas board of directors also reviewed the terms of the lock-up and voting agreements among Corvas and Dendreons directors and executive officers
and certain other Dendreon stockholders represented on Dendreons board of directors. 



Tax Treatment.
    The Corvas board of directors considered the federal income tax treatment of the combination and its expected
qualification as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended. 



Board of Directors and Employee Matters.
    The Corvas board of directors considered the terms of the merger agreement and other
arrangements with respect to the Corvas board of directors, management and employees intended to maintain the organization of Corvas and preserve the value of Corvas prior to and following the merger, including: 



Corvas will designate two of ten members to the combined company board of directors to fill terms that are up for reelection in 2005 and 2006;



the existence of severance arrangements for Corvas executives; and 



provision to continuing Corvas employees of the same benefits provided to employees of Dendreon in similar positions and at similar pay grades.

In its review of the proposed
merger, Corvas board of directors identified and considered a variety of potentially negative risk factors, including: 



The risks described under the section entitled Risks Related to the Combination; 



The risk of failure of either Dendreons or Corvas lead drug candidate and the impact of a failure on the stock price of the combined company and its
prospects; 



The possibility that the Dendreon stock price could decline following the announcement of the proposed combination, and that due to the fixed nature of the exchange
ratio, the value of the merger consideration to be received by the Corvas stockholders at the time of closing would also decline; 



The risk that sales of substantial amounts of Dendreon common stock in the public market after the closing of the proposed combination could materially adversely
affect the market price of Dendreon common stock; 



The risk that the proposed combination could not be completed as expected because there could be no assurance that the stockholders of Corvas would approve the
transaction or that other conditions to the parties obligations to close the combination would be satisfied even if the stockholders approved the transaction; 





The possibility of disruption in the operations of Corvas or Dendreon and a loss of key employees of either company because of the combination; and



The possibility that the benefits anticipated in connection with the combination might not be realized by the combined company. 

In addition to the factors considered that are described
above, the Corvas board of directors also was aware of the interests that some executive officers and directors of Corvas may have with respect to the combination in addition to their interests as stockholders of Corvas generally. See The
CombinationInterests of Certain Persons in the Combination. 

In analyzing the combination, Corvas board of directors did not view any of the factors listed above as determinative or find it practical to quantify or otherwise attempt to assign any rank or assign relative weights
to any of the foregoing factors. The Corvas board of directors conducted an overall analysis of the factors described above, including the alternatives, and overall considered the factors to be favorable and to support its determination. The Corvas
board of directors determined that the long-term value of the combined company to Corvas stockholders exceeded the long-term value to the stockholders of the alternatives to the combination, including continuing to operate Corvas as an independent
company or liquidating Corvas. The individual members of the Corvas board of directors may have given different weight to different factors in considering the factors. 

The Corvas board of directors unanimously recommends that the Corvas stockholders vote FOR
adoption of the merger agreement. 

Opinion of Dendreons Financial Advisor 

Dendreon and Needham & Company entered into an engagement letter dated as of February 4, 2003, pursuant to which Dendreon retained Needham & Company to furnish financial advisory services with respect to the proposed
combination and to render an opinion to the board of directors of Dendreon as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of Dendreon of the Conversion Number pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Needham & Company was
selected by the Dendreon board of directors to render an opinion to the Dendreon board of directors because Needham & Company is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and because, as part of its investment banking business,
Needham & Company is continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes. 

On
February 24, 2003, Needham & Company provided to Dendreons board of directors its oral opinion (which was followed up by its written opinion dated as of February 24, 2003) to the effect that, as of that date and based upon and subject to
the assumptions and other matters described in the opinion, the Conversion Number pursuant to the merger agreement of 0.45 shares of Dendreon common stock per share of Corvas common stock is fair from a financial point of view to the stockholders of
Dendreon. 
The Needham & Company opinion is addressed to the Board of Directors of Dendreon, is directed only to the financial terms of the merger agreement and does not constitute a recommendation to any Dendreon stockholder as to how that
stockholder should vote on, or take any other action relating to, the merger. 
The amount and form of consideration to be paid in the merger was determined through arms length negotiations between Dendreon and Corvas and not by Needham
& Company. Needham & Company expressed no opinion as to what the value of Dendreon common stock will be when issued to the stockholders of Corvas pursuant to the first merger or the prices at which the Dendreon common stock will actually
trade at any time. In addition, Needham & Company was not asked to consider, and the Needham & Company opinion does not address, Dendreons underlying business decision to engage in the combination, the relative merits of the
combination as compared to other business strategies that might exist for Dendreon, or the effect of any other transaction in which Dendreon might engage. Needham & Company expressed no opinion or recommendation as to whether or not stockholders
of Corvas should vote in favor of the transaction. 



The complete
text of the Needham & Company opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered, limitations on and scope of the review undertaken by Needham & Company, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus statement as

Annex D 
and is incorporated herein by reference. The summary of the Needham & Company opinion set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Needham & Company opinion. 
Dendreon
stockholders should read the Needham & Company opinion carefully and in its entirety for a description of the procedures followed, the factors considered, and the assumptions made by Needham & Company. 

In arriving at its opinion, Needham & Company reviewed and
considered such financial and other matters as it deemed relevant, including, among other things: 



a draft of the merger agreement received on February 24, 2003; 



certain publicly available information concerning Dendreon and Corvas and certain other relevant financial and operating data of Dendreon and Corvas furnished to
Needham & Company by Dendreon and Corvas; 



the historical stock prices and trading volumes of Dendreon common stock and Corvas common stock; 



discussions with members of management of Dendreon and Corvas concerning their current and future business prospects and joint prospects for the combined company,
including the potential cost savings and other synergies that may be achieved by the combined company; 



certain financial forecasts prepared by the respective managements of Dendreon and Corvas; 



the financial terms of certain other business combinations that we deemed generally relevant; and 



such other studies, analyses, inquiries and investigations as we deemed appropriate. 

In conducting its review and arriving at its opinion, Needham & Company, with Dendreons consent,
assumed and relied, without independent investigation, upon the accuracy and completeness of all financial and other information provided to it by Dendreon and Corvas, respectively, or which was publicly available. Needham & Company did not
undertake any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or reasonableness of, or independently verify, this information. Needham & Company further relied upon the assurance of the managements of Dendreon and Corvas that they were unaware of
any facts that would make the information provided to Needham & Company incomplete or misleading in any respect. Needham & Company, with Dendreons consent, assumed that the forecasts and the description of the expected synergies which
Needham & Company examined were reasonably prepared by the managements of Dendreon and Corvas on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments of such managements as to the future performance of Dendreon
and Corvas and that such projections, and the combined company forecasts and description of expected synergies used in Needham & Companys analyses, provide a reasonable basis for its opinion. 

Needham & Company did not make or obtain any independent
evaluations, valuations or appraisals of the assets or liabilities of Dendreon or Corvas, nor was Needham & Company furnished with these materials. With respect to all legal matters relating to Dendreon, Needham & Company relied on the
advice of legal counsel to Dendreon; however, Dendreons counsel was not asked to, nor did it, provide any legal advice to Needham & Company. Needham & Companys services to Dendreon in connection with the combination were
comprised of rendering an opinion from a financial point of view of the Conversion Number pursuant to the merger agreement. Needham & Companys opinion was necessarily based upon economic and market conditions and other circumstances as
they existed and could be evaluated by Needham & Company on the date of its opinion. It should be understood that although subsequent developments may affect its opinion, Needham & Company does not have any obligation to update, revise or
reaffirm its opinion and Needham & Company expressly disclaims any responsibility to do so. 



In rendering
its opinion, Needham & Company assumed, in all respects material to its analysis, that the representations and warranties of each party contained in the Merger Agreement are true and correct, that each party will perform all of the covenants and
agreements required to be performed by it under the Merger Agreement and that all conditions to the consummation of the combination will be satisfied without any material waiver thereof. Needham & Company assumed that the final form of the
Merger Agreement would be substantially similar to the last draft received by Needham & Company prior to rendering its opinion. Needham & Company also assumed that all governmental, regulatory and other consents and approvals contemplated by
the Merger Agreement would be obtained and that, in the course of obtaining any of those consents, no restrictions will be imposed or waivers made that would have an adverse effect on the contemplated benefits of the merger. Dendreon informed
Needham & Company, and Needham & Company assumed, that the combination will be treated as a tax-free reorganization. 

The following is a summary of the principal financial analyses performed by Needham & Company to arrive at its opinion. Some of the
summaries of financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses. Considering the data set forth in the tables without considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses. Needham & Company performed certain procedures, including each of the financial analyses described below, and reviewed with the management of Dendreon the assumptions on which such
analyses were based and other factors, including the historical and projected financial results of Dendreon and Corvas. No limitations were imposed by the Dendreon board of directors with respect to the investigations made or procedures followed by
Needham & Company in rendering its opinion. 

Stock Trading History.
    To provide contextual data and comparative market data, Needham & Company reviewed the historical market prices of Corvas common stock at various points over a two-year period
ended February 21, 2003. Needham & Company noted that over the past 12 month period the high and low closing prices of Corvas common stock were $6.65 and $1.24, respectively. 

Historical Stock Trading Analyses.
    Needham & Company analyzed the closing
prices of Corvas common stock at various points over a two-year period ending February 21, 2003. The table below lists the stock prices at those points and the premium or discount implied by the implied offer price of $2.81 in the combination, based
on Corvas closing stock price of $1.42 on February 21, 2003. 

Point

Statistic

Premium/(Discount) Implied by Offer Price

February 21, 2003

$

1.42

97.7

%

20 Days Prior

1.37

105.0

Three Months Prior

1.41

99.1

Six Months Prior

1.45

93.8

One Year Prior

6.34

(55.7

)

Two Years Prior

10.00

(71.9

)

52 Week High

6.65

(57.8

)

52 Week Low

1.24

126.5



Needham &
Company analyzed the historical implied offer prices based on the Conversion Number of 0.45 pursuant to the Merger Agreement and the closing prices of Dendreon Common Stock at various points over a 52 week period ending February 21, 2003. The table
below lists the implied offer prices for those points and the premium or discount implied. 

Point

Implied Offer Price Based on Dendreon
Historical Price

Premium/(Discount) Implied by Offer Price

February 21, 2003

$

2.81

97.7

%

One Day Prior

2.88

102.8

Five Pays Prior

2.75

93.3

20 Days Prior

1.98

39.8

Three Months Prior

1.76

24.2

Six Months Prior

1.55

9.3

52 Week High

3.04

114.1

52 Week Low

0.63

(55.6

)

Historical Conversion Number Analysis.
    Needham & Company analyzed the ratios of the closing prices of Corvas common stock to those of Dendreon common stock at various points over a one-year period
ending February 21, 2003. The table below lists the exchange ratios at those points and compares them to the Conversion Number of 0.45. 

Point

Statistic

One Month Prior

0.2731x

Three Months Prior

0.3597x

Six Months Prior

0.4174x

Nine Months Prior

0.6032x

One Year Prior

1.5277x

Selected Transaction Analysis/Premiums Paid.
    Needham & Company analyzed the premiums paid in four biotechnology and five technology stock-for-stock transactions of similar size, which were announced
since June 2001. In examining the selected transactions, Needham & Company analyzed premiums paid to the closing stock price of the target on one, five and 20 days prior to the announcement of the transaction. These transactions were (listed as
acquiror / target): 

Biotechnology Transactions 



Hyseq, Inc. (now named Nuvelo, Inc.)/Variagenics, Inc. 



Decode Genetics, Inc./Medichem Life Sciences, Inc. 



Exelixis, Inc./Genomica Corp. 



Applera Corp./Axys Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Technology Transactions 



Symmetricom, Inc./Datum, Inc. 



IXYS Corp./Clare, Inc. 



Digi International, Inc./Netsilicon, Inc. 



SPSS, Inc./Net.Genesis Corp. 



Divine, Inc./Eprise Corp. 



The following
table sets forth information concerning the transaction premiums resulting from Needham & Companys analysis. 

Biotechnology Transactions 

One-Day Premium

Five-Day Premium

20-Day Premium

Mean

59.2

%

78.2

%

111.7

%

Median

38.1

79.7

97.0

High

131.3

113.6

200.1

Low

29.2

39.6

52.5

Technology
Transactions

One-Day Premium

Five-Day Premium

20-Day Premium

Mean

59.2

%

57.1

%

91.1

%

Median

47.5

38.5

66.2

High

173.0

176.9

148.5

Low

(7.7

)

1.5

47.2

Although
the premiums paid in the selected transactions were used for comparison purposes, none of those transactions is directly comparable to the combination, and none of the companies in those transactions is directly comparable to Dendreon or Corvas.
Accordingly, an analysis of the results of such a comparison is not purely mathematical, but instead involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in historical financial and operating characteristics of the companies involved
and other factors that could affect the acquisition value of such companies or Corvas to which they are being compared. 

The summary set forth above does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by Needham & Company in connection
with the rendering of its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant quantitative and qualitative methods of financial analyses and the application of those methods to the
particular circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Needham & Company did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor. Accordingly, Needham & Company believes, and has advised the Dendreon board of directors, that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses or the factors it considered, without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion. In its analyses, Needham & Company made numerous assumptions
with respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Dendreon and Corvas. These analyses performed by Needham & Company are not necessarily indicative of
actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable. Additionally, analyses relating to the values of businesses or assets do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at
which businesses or assets may actually be sold. Accordingly, these analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of Dendreon or Corvas or their respective
advisors. None of Dendreon, Corvas, Needham & Company or any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different from those projected. Needham & Companys opinion and its related analyses were only one of many
factors considered by the board of directors in its evaluation of the transaction and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the board of directors with respect to the fairness of the Conversion Number. 

In the ordinary course of its business, Needham & Company
and its affiliates trade the equity securities of Dendreon for their own accounts and for the accounts of their customers, and, accordingly, may at any time hold 



a long or short position in such securities. Needham & Company and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business have from time to
time provided, and in the future may continue to provide, commercial and investment banking services to Dendreon and Corvas, including serving as a financial advisor on potential acquisitions and as an underwriter on equity offerings, and have
received and may in the future receive fees for the rendering of such services. In particular, in September 2002, Needham & Company advised Dendreon regarding the adoption of a stockholder rights plan, for which it received a fee. 

Pursuant to the Needham & Company engagement letter, if
the combination is consummated, Needham & Company will be entitled to receive a customary transaction fee. Dendreon has also agreed to pay a portion of that customary fee to Needham & Company for rendering its opinion. Additionally, Dendreon
has agreed to reimburse Needham & Company for its out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys fees, and has agreed to indemnify Needham & Company against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws. The
terms of the fee arrangement with Needham & Company, which are customary in transactions of this nature, were negotiated at arms length between Dendreon and Needham & Company, and the Dendreon board of directors was aware of the
arrangement, including the fact that a significant portion of the fee payable to Needham & Company is contingent upon the completion of the combination. 

Opinion of Corvas Financial Advisor 

Under a letter agreement dated March 25, 2002, the board of directors of Corvas retained Lazard Frres to act as its investment banker. As part of this engagement, the Corvas board of directors requested that Lazard
Frres evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of shares of Corvas common stock of the conversion number to be offered to such holders pursuant to the acquisition of Corvas by Dendreon (referred to in this
document as the combination). Lazard Frres has delivered to the Board a written opinion dated February 24, 2003 that, as of that date, the conversion number to be offered to the holders of shares of Corvas Common Stock in the
combination was fair to such holders from a financial point of view. 

THE FULL TEXT OF THE LAZARD FRRES OPINION IS ATTACHED HERETO AS 
ANNEX E
 AND IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. THE DESCRIPTION OF THE LAZARD FRRES OPINION SET FORTH HEREIN IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE LAZARD FRRES OPINION SET FORTH IN 
ANNEX E
. CORVAS STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE LAZARD FRRES OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, ASSUMPTIONS
MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY LAZARD FRRES IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. LAZARD FRRES WRITTEN OPINION IS DIRECTED TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF CORVAS AND ONLY ADDRESSES THE
FAIRNESS TO THE HOLDERS OF SHARES OF CORVAS COMMON STOCK OF THE CONVERSION NUMBER TO BE OFFERED TO SUCH HOLDERS IN THE COMBINATION FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW AS OF THE DATE OF THE OPINION. LAZARD FRRES WRITTEN OPINION DOES NOT
ADDRESS ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE COMBINATION AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY CORVAS STOCKHOLDER AS TO HOW THE STOCKHOLDER SHOULD VOTE ON ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE COMBINATION. THE FOLLOWING IS ONLY A SUMMARY
OF THE LAZARD FRRES OPINION. STOCKHOLDERS OF CORVAS ARE URGED TO READ THE ENTIRE OPINION. 

In the course of performing its review and analysis for rendering its opinion, Lazard Frres: 



reviewed the financial terms and conditions of the merger agreement; 



analyzed certain historical business and financial information relating to Corvas and Dendreon; 



reviewed various financial forecasts and other data provided to Lazard Frres by management of Corvas and by management of Dendreon relating to their
respective businesses; 



held discussions with members of the senior managements of Corvas and Dendreon with respect to the businesses and prospects of Corvas and Dendreon, respectively, and
the strategic objectives of each; 





reviewed public information with respect to certain other companies in lines of businesses Lazard Frres believed to be generally comparable to the businesses
of Corvas and Dendreon; 



reviewed the financial terms of certain business combinations involving companies in lines of businesses Lazard Frres believed to be generally comparable to
those of Corvas and Dendreon; 



reviewed the historical stock prices and trading volumes of the Corvas common stock and Dendreon common stock; and 



conducted such other financial studies, analyses and investigations as were deemed appropriate by Lazard Frres. 

Lazard Frres relied upon the accuracy and completeness
of the foregoing information and did not assume any responsibility for any independent verification of such information or any independent valuation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of Corvas or Dendreon, or concerning the solvency
of, or issues relating to solvency concerning, Corvas or Dendreon. With respect to financial forecasts, Lazard Frres assumed that they were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of
management of Corvas and management of Dendreon as to the future financial performance of Corvas and Dendreon, respectively, and of Dendreon with respect to the combined entity. Lazard Frres assumed no responsibility for and expressed no
view as to such forecasts or the assumptions on which they were based. 

Further, Lazard Frres noted that its opinion was necessarily based on economic, monetary, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to Lazard Frres as of, the date of its
opinion. In rendering its opinion, Lazard Frres did not address the relative merits of the combination, any alternative potential transaction or Corvas underlying decision to effect the combination. 

In rendering its opinion, Lazard Frres assumed that
the combination and related transactions would be consummated on the terms and subject to the conditions described in the merger agreement, without any waiver of any material term or condition by Corvas, and that the combination and related
transactions would qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, Lazard Frres assumed that obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals for the combination and related transactions would not have an
adverse effect on Corvas or Dendreon. 

Lazard
Frres also noted that it did not express any opinion as to the price at which the common stock of Corvas or Dendreon may trade subsequent to the announcement of the combination or as to the price at which the Dendreon common stock may trade
subsequent to the consummation of the combination. 

The following is a brief summary of the material financial and comparative analyses which Lazard Frres deemed to be appropriate for this type of transaction and that were performed by Lazard Frres in connection with
rendering its opinion. 

Historical Exchange
Ratio Analysis.
    Lazard Frres examined the historical daily exchange ratios of Dendreon common stock to Corvas common stock based on the closing prices of Dendreon common stock and Corvas common stock for a variety
of periods ranging from the 20 day period ending February 21, 2003 to the twelve month period ended February 21, 2003. For the six-month period ended February 21, 2003, which Lazard Frres considered to be the most relevant period for its
analysis, the analysis indicated that the low and high historical exchange ratios were 0.2233x and 0.4662x, respectively, with a mean historical exchange ratio of 0.3363x and a median historical exchange ratio of 0.3440x. Based on this analysis and
using the closing price of Dendreon common stock on February 21, 2003, Lazard Frres derived a range of implied per share values for Corvas common stock of approximately $1.39 to $2.91, with a mean implied per share value of $2.10 and a
median implied per share value of $2.15. 

Public Market Comparable Companies Analyses.
    Lazard Frres performed public market comparable companies analyses based on the implied technology values per expected marketed compound of the
selected 



companies in order to derive a range of implied per share values for the Corvas common stock and two separate ranges of implied exchange
ratios of Dendreon common stock to Corvas common stock.

In order to derive a range of implied per share values for Corvas common stock, Lazard Frres first analyzed the range of implied technology values per expected marketed compound of eleven (11) other public biotechnology
companies Lazard Frres deemed to have comparable development pipelines to Corvas. This analysis was used to derive an implied technology value for rNAPc2 in order to then determine an implied per share value for the Corvas common stock
(including net cash). Lazard Frres selected the companies based on the fact that they had one or more of the following characteristics: (i) early-stage compounds in pre-clinical, Phase I or Phase II of development, (ii) adverse compound
trial or partnership announcements, (iii) market and financial characteristics that were comparable to Corvas, and/or (iv) a therapeutic focus that was comparable to Corvas. The comparable companies included in this analysis were:


     BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


     Pharmacyclics, Inc.


     Cardiome Pharma Corp.


     Praecis Pharmaceuticals Incorporated


     GenVec, Inc.


     Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


     ImmunoGen, Inc.


     Texas Biotechnology Corporation


     Maxim Pharmaceuticals Inc.


     Titan Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


     OXiGENE, Inc.

Using
publicly available information and market data as of February 21, 2003, and based on probabilities of market launch of each of the comparable companies expected marketed compounds as indicated in an academic research report which was based on
industry data, Lazard Frres calculated the range of derived technology values per expected marketed compound for each of the comparable companies. The results of this calculation for the comparable companies are as follows: 

Technology Value Per Expected Marketed Compound

($ in millions) 

Low

Median

Mean

High

$(79)

$(9)

$(0)

$50

Using
the range of derived technology values per expected marketed compound for the comparable companies and based on the probability of market launch of rNAPc2 (based on estimates of management of Corvas) and the amount of net cash of Corvas as of
December 31, 2002 (based on information provided by management of Corvas), Lazard Frres derived a range of implied per share values of $2.26 to $3.18 for the Corvas common stock, with a mean implied per share value of $2.82 and a median
implied per share value of $2.76. 

As part of the
public market comparable companies analyses, Lazard Frres also derived ranges of implied exchange ratios of Dendreon common stock to Corvas common stock based on two methods. In the first method, Lazard Frres determined a range of
implied exchange ratios based on the range of implied per share values for the Corvas common stock described above and a derived range of implied per share values for the Dendreon common stock.

In order to derive a range of implied per share
values for the Dendreon common stock, Lazard Frres first analyzed the range of derived technology values per expected marketed compound of twelve (12) other public biotechnology companies Lazard Frres deemed to have comparable
development pipelines to Dendreon. This analysis was used to derive an implied technology value for Dendreons expected number of marketed compounds in order to then determine an implied per share value for the Dendreon common stock (including
net cash). Lazard Frres selected the companies based on the fact that they had one or more of the following characteristics: (i) late-stage compounds in approximately Phase III of development, (ii) comparable 



scientific/technological platforms or comparable therapeutic focus and/or (iii) market and financial characteristics that were comparable to
Dendreon. The comparable companies included in this analysis were: 


     Alteon Inc.


     CV Therapeutics, Inc.


     Antigenics, Inc.


     GenVec, Inc.


     AtheroGenics, Inc.


     Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


     AVI BioPharma, Inc.


     OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


     Cell Genesys, Inc.


     Telik, Inc.


     Cell Therapeutics, Inc.


     Versicor Inc.

Using
publicly available information and market data as of February 21, 2003, and based on probabilities of market launch of each of the comparable companies expected marketed compounds as indicated in an academic research report which was based on
industry data, Lazard Frres calculated the range of derived technology values per expected marketed compound for each of the comparable companies. The results of this calculation for the comparable companies are as follows: 

Technology Value Per Expected Marketed Compound

($ in millions) 

Low

Median

Mean

High

$17

$93

$111

$219

Using
the derived technology values per expected marketed compound for the comparable companies and based on the probability of market launch of Provenge, Mylovenge, APC8024, Trp-p8 and DN1924 (probabilities as indicated in an academic research report
which was based on industry data, except for the probabilities of market launch for Provenge and APC8024, which were based on estimates of management of Corvas) and the amount of net cash of Dendreon as of December 31, 2002 (based on information
provided by management of Dendreon), Lazard Frres derived a range of implied per share values of $2.70 to $12.22 for the Dendreon common stock, with a mean implied per share value of $7.16 and a median implied per share value of $6.29. Using
this range of implied per share values for the Dendreon common stock and the range of implied per share values for the Corvas common stock described above, Lazard Frres derived a range of implied exchange ratios of 0.2600 to 0.8375 shares of
Dendreon common stock for each share of Corvas common stock, with a mean implied exchange ratio of 0.3942x and a median implied exchange ratio of 0.4387x. 

In the second method of the comparable companies analysis that Lazard Frres used to derive a range of implied exchange ratios of
Dendreon common stock to Corvas common stock, Lazard Frres determined the range of implied exchange ratios using the range of implied per share values for Corvas common stock described above and the closing price of Dendreon common stock on
February 21, 2003 and the 5, 20 and 60 day trading averages of Dendreon common stock as of February 21, 2003. Based on this analysis, Lazard Frres derived a range of implied exchange ratios of 0.3898 to 0.5470 shares of Dendreon common stock
for each share of Corvas common stock, with a mean implied exchange ratio of 0.4859x and a median implied exchange ratio of 0.4749x. 

Comparable Transactions Analyses.
    Lazard Frres performed comparable transactions analyses in order
to derive ranges of implied per share values for Corvas common stock and ranges of implied exchange ratios of Dendreon common stock to Corvas common stock. Lazard Frres conducted two separate comparable transactions analyses which were based
on different comparison criteria. One such analysis was based on the implied value of the development pipeline of the target in a selected precedent transaction and the other such analysis was based on the range of equity values of each target at
announcement of a transaction as a percentage of the estimated net cash of the target as of the closing of the transaction. 

In the first comparable transactions analysis, Lazard Frres analyzed the transaction value per expected marketed compound of the
target in one transaction involving a biotechnology company which had marketed and 



potentially marketable pipeline compounds (as opposed to only having a technology platform) and that appears to have been acquired primarily
for its available cash based on, among other considerations, the fact that the transaction value at announcement was less than the amount of net cash of the target at such time (based on publicly available information). The transaction that Lazard
Frres analyzed in this analysis was the proposed acquisition of Oxford GlycoSciences plc by Cambridge Antibody Technology Group plc. Using publicly available information, Lazard Frres calculated a technology value per expected
marketed compound of the target in the comparable transaction of ($30,000,000). Using this data, the probability of market launch of rNAPc2 (estimated by management of Corvas) and the amount of net cash of Corvas as of December 31, 2002 (provided by
management of Corvas), Lazard Frres derived an implied per share value of $2.61 for the Corvas common stock. Also based on this analysis and using the closing price of Dendreon common stock on February 21, 2003 and the 5, 20 and 60 day
trading averages of Dendreon common stock as of February 21, 2003, Lazard Frres derived a mean implied exchange ratio of 0.4495 shares of Dendreon common stock for each share of Corvas common stock. 

In the second comparable transactions analysis, Lazard
Frres analyzed the total equity value of the targets at the announcement of the transaction as a percentage of the estimated net cash of each target at the closing of transaction in transactions involving as a target biotechnology companies
that appear to have been acquired primarily for their available cash based on, among other considerations, the fact that the transaction value at announcement of a transaction was less than the amount of net cash of the target at such time (based on
publicly available information): 

Acquiror

Target

Cambridge Antibody Technology Group plc

Oxford GlycoSciences plc

Hyseq Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Variagenics, Inc.

Invitrogen Corporation

InforMax Inc.

Exelixis, Inc.

Genomica Corporation

Using
publicly available information, Lazard Frres calculated the equity value of the targets in each of the selected transactions at announcement of the transaction as a percentage of estimated net cash of the target at closing (with estimated
net cash as of closing being calculated based on estimates for cash at announcement less the cash burn for the period between announcement and closing, which was estimated using publicly available information). The results of this calculation for
the relevant comparable transactions are as follows: 

Equity Value at Announcement as Percentage of Net Cash at Closing 

Low

Median

Mean

High

85.0%

96.4%

95.8%

105.2%

Based on
the equity values at announcement as a percentage of net cash at closing in the selected precedent transactions and the estimated net cash at closing for Corvas provided by management of Corvas, Lazard Frres derived a range of implied per
share values of $2.07 to $2.56 for the Corvas common stock, with a mean implied per share value of $2.33 and a median implied per share value of $2.35. Also, based on this analysis and using the closing price of Dendreon common stock on February 21,
2003 and the 5, 20 and 60 day trading averages of Dendreon common stock as of February 21, 2003, Lazard Frres derived a range of implied exchange ratios of 0.3566 to 0.4412 shares of Dendreon common stock for each share of Corvas common
stock, with a mean implied exchange ratio of 0.4017x and a median implied exchange ratio of 0.4045x. 

Premium Analysis of Selected Recent Public Biotechnology Merger Transactions.
    Lazard Frres performed
a premium analysis based on premiums paid in the four (4) transactions discussed in the comparable transactions analyses in order to derive a range of implied per share values for the Corvas common stock and a 



range of implied exchange ratios of Dendreon common stock to Corvas common stock. Using publicly available information, Lazard Frres
calculated the following premiums paid in the comparable transactions it analyzed: 

Premium to Stock Prices as of Last Closing before Announcement of Transaction 

Premium to:

Low

Median

Mean

High

1 Trading Day

28%

47%

66%

143%

5 Trading Day Average

29%

89%

90%

152%

20 Trading Day Average

34%

83%

86%

144%

60 Trading Day Average

38%

90%

90%

141%

Applying
the range of premiums paid in the transactions it analyzed to the corresponding closing prices of the Corvas common stock, Lazard Frres derived a range of implied per share values of approximately $1.90 to $3.52 per share of Corvas common
stock, with a mean implied per share value of $2.63 and a median implied per share value of $2.55. Based on this analysis and using the corresponding closing prices of Dendreon common stock as of February 21, 2003, Lazard Frres derived a
range of implied exchange ratios of 0.3288 to 0.6060 shares of Dendreon common stock for each share of Corvas common stock, with a mean implied exchange ratio of 0.4545x and a median implied exchange ratio of 0.4416x. 

Liquidation Value Analysis.
    In
order to derive an implied per share value for the Corvas common stock and an implied exchange ratio of Dendreon common stock to Corvas common stock, Lazard Frres examined the potential per share value of Corvas common stock in the case of a
decision to move to a liquidation of Corvas as of February 21, 2003. For this analysis, Lazard Frres relied upon forecasts of the estimated net cash available for distribution to shareholders in the case of a liquidation provided by
management of Corvas. Based on this analysis, Lazard Frres derived an implied per share value of $2.22 for the Corvas common stock in the case of a decision to move to a liquidation of Corvas as of February 21, 2003. Based on this analysis
and using the closing price of Dendreon common stock on February 21, 2003, Lazard Frres derived an implied exchange ratio of 0.3563 shares of Dendreon common stock for each share of Corvas common stock. 

Discounted Cash Flow
Analysis.
    Lazard Frres performed a discounted cash flow analysis in order to derive a range of implied per share values for the Corvas common stock and a range of implied exchange ratios of Dendreon common stock to
Corvas common stock. The discounted cash flow analysis was based on financial forecasts for Corvas and Dendreon provided by the management of Corvas. 

Lazard Frres performed a discounted cash flow analysis to calculate a range of implied per share values of the Corvas common stock
based on two different scenarios, which are described below. Using these analyses, Lazard Frres derived a combined range of implied per share values of $1.53 to $4.75 for the Corvas common stock. 

In the first scenario, Lazard Frres discounted
cash flow analysis valued Corvas based on the outcomes in which rNAPc2 fails in two different burn rate cases after part two of the current Phase II clinical trial at approximately year end 2003 (the earliest time at which efficacy data would be
available), after which time Corvas is assumed to be liquidated. The liquidation values of Corvas as of year end 2003 (provided by the management of Corvas) were discounted back at a range of discount rates of 16% to 20%. The implied per share
values of the Corvas common stock under this scenario were at the low end of the range of the implied per share values described above. 

In the second scenario, Lazard Frres discounted cash flow analysis valued Corvas based on the present value of expected
future cash flows of Corvas where rNAPc2 achieves marketing approval with a probability weighting of technical success (forecast and probability weighting provided by management of Corvas). This discounted cash flow analysis was based upon the
present value of the projected unlevered free cash flow of 



rNAPc2 until patent expiration, and the present value of the post-patent expiration cash flows, based on the assumption that rNAPc2 will face
generic competition such that the revenues will decline by approximately 50% per year for approximately three years followed by a range of perpetuity decline rates of (10%) to 0%. This analysis was also based on a range of discount rates of 16% to
20%. The implied per share values of the Corvas common stock under this scenario were at the high end of the range of the implied per share values described above. 

To determine an implied exchange ratio, Lazard Frres performed a discounted cash flow analysis to
calculate a valuation for Dendreon. Lazard Frres discounted cash flow analysis valued Dendreon based on the present value of expected future cash flows of Dendreons key product candidates, Provenge and APC8024, where the product
candidates achieve marketing approval with probability weightings of technical success (forecasts and probability weightings provided by the management of Corvas). This discounted cash flow analysis was based upon the present value of the unlevered
free cash flows of Provenge and APC8024 until their respective patent expirations, and the present value of the post-patent expiration cash flows based on the assumption that Provenge and APC8024 will face generic competition such that the revenues
will decline by approximately 50% per year for approximately three years followed by a range of perpetuity decline rates of (10%) to 0%. This analysis was also based on a range of discount rates of 16% to 20%. Using this analysis, Lazard
Frres derived a range of implied per share values of $7.44 to $9.48 for the Dendreon common stock. 

Applying the combined range of implied per share values of $1.53 to $4.75 for the Corvas common stock and the range of implied per share
values of $7.44 to $9.48 for the Dendreon common stock, each as derived in the discounted cash flow analyses described above, Lazard Frres derived a range of implied exchange ratios of 0.1653 to 0.5661 shares of Dendreon common stock for
each share of Corvas common stock. 

Contribution Analysis
.    Lazard Frres performed a probability-adjusted contribution analysis in order to evaluate the percentage contribution of each of Corvas and Dendreon to the combined company
on a pro forma basis. Lazard Frres calculated the relative contribution by both Corvas and Dendreon to the combined company with respect to certain projected financial data for Corvas and Dendreon, including the revenues, earnings before
interest and taxes (EBIT) and net income, as set forth below. The financial data used for this analysis was provided by the management of Corvas. 

Percentage Contribution

Implied Exchange Ratio

Corvas

Dendreon

Revenues

2008E

11%

89%

0.1220x

2009E

14%

86%

0.1622x

EBIT

2008E

25%

75%

0.3321x

2009E

24%

76%

0.3152x

Net Income

2008E

34%

66%

0.5133x

2009E

32%

68%

0.4706x

Lazard
Frres performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses solely for the purpose of providing its opinion to the Corvas board of directors that the conversion number to be offered in the combination was fair to the holders of Corvas
common stock from a financial point of view. The preparation of a fairness opinion involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of these methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description. Accordingly, notwithstanding the separate analyses summarized above, Lazard Frres believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of the analyses or factors considered by it, without considering all such factors or analyses, or 



attempting to ascribe relative weights to some or all such analyses and factors could create an incomplete view of the evaluation process
underlying the Lazard Frres opinion. 

In
its analyses, Lazard Frres made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Corvas, Dendreon or Lazard
Frres. The estimates or forecasts contained in these analyses and the valuation ranges resulting from any particular analysis do not necessarily indicate actual values or predict future results or values, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than those suggested by these analyses. Lazard Frres did not assign any specific weight to any of the analyses described above and did not draw any specific conclusions from or with regard to any one method of analysis. In
addition, analyses relating to the value of the businesses or securities are not appraisals and do not reflect the prices at which the businesses or securities may actually be sold or the prices at which their securities may trade. As a result,
these analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. 

No company or transaction used in any of the analyses is identical to Corvas, Dendreon or the combination. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the foregoing necessarily involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics of Corvas and Dendreon and other factors that could affect the public trading values or the announced transaction values, as the case may be, of Corvas and Dendreon and
the companies to which the comparison is being made. Mathematical analysis (such as determining the mean or median) is not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable transaction data or comparable company data. 

Lazard Frres opinion and financial analyses were
not the only factors considered by Corvas board of directors in its evaluation of the combination and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of Corvas board of directors or Corvas management. Lazard Frres
consented in its opinion to the inclusion of and references to its opinion in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Under the terms of Lazard Frres engagement, Corvas has agreed to pay Lazard Frres a customary fee which is payable
upon completion of the transaction. Corvas has agreed to reimburse Lazard Frres for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in performing its services, including the fees and expenses of its legal counsel. In addition, Corvas agreed
to indemnify Lazard Frres against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws relating to or arising out of Lazard Frres engagement. 

Lazard Frres is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and is continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, leveraged buyouts, and valuations for real estate, corporate and other purposes. In the ordinary course of its business, Lazard Frres and its
affiliates may from time to time effect transactions and hold securities, including derivative securities, of Corvas and Dendreon for its own account and for the accounts of its customers, and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in such securities. Lazard Frres was selected to act as investment banker to the Corvas board of directors because of its expertise and its reputation in investment banking and mergers and acquisitions. 

Interests of Certain Persons in the Combination 

In considering the unanimous recommendation of the board of directors of Corvas to vote for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, stockholders of Corvas should be aware that members of the Corvas
board of directors and members of Corvas management team have interests in the combination that are different from those of Corvas stockholders as a result of certain pre-existing or newly-implemented agreements or arrangements with
Corvas or Dendreon. 



Effects of
the Combination on Existing Corvas Employment Agreements 

Corvas is a party to employment agreements with the following executive officers: Randall E. Woods, President and Chief Executive Officer; George P. Vlasuk, Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific
Officer; and Stephen F. Keane, Vice President of Corporate Development. Each of these employment agreements provides for separate severance benefits following a change in control. For the purposes of these agreements, a change in control will occur
at the completion of the first merger. 

Employment Agreement with Mr. Woods
.    Pursuant to Mr. Woods employment agreement with Corvas, if his employment is involuntarily terminated by Corvas without cause (as defined in the employment
agreement) or if he resigns for any reason within 180 days following the first merger, Mr. Woods will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits upon providing Corvas with a general release: (a) a lump sum payment equal to his annual
base salary, which currently is $430,000; (b) full vesting of 305,625 unvested stock options held by Mr. Woods as of March 31, 2003 at a weighted-average exercise price of $6.37 per share; and (c) the continuation for 12 months of all employee
benefit plans and programs in which Mr. Woods was entitled to participate prior to such termination, including life, disability, medical and dental insurance coverage. 

Employment Agreement with Dr. Vlasuk
.    Dr. Vlasuks employment agreement
provides that if his employment is involuntarily terminated by Corvas without cause (as defined in the employment agreement) or if he resigns for any reason within 180 days following the first merger, he will be entitled to the following severance
benefits upon providing Corvas with a general release: (a) a lump sum payment equal to his annual base salary, which currently is $305,000; (b) full vesting of 153,125 unvested stock options held by Dr. Vlasuk as of March 31, 2003 at a
weighted-average exercise price of $10.50 per share; and (c) the continuation for 12 months of all employee benefit plans and programs in which Dr. Vlasuk was entitled to participate prior to such termination, including life, disability, medical and
dental insurance coverage. 

Employment
Agreement with Mr. Keane
.    Pursuant to Mr. Keanes employment agreement with Corvas, if his employment is involuntarily terminated by Corvas without cause (as defined in the employment agreement) or if he resigns for
any reason within 180 days following the first merger, Mr. Keane will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits upon providing Corvas with a general release: (a) a lump sum payment equal to his annual base salary, which currently is
$245,000; (b) full vesting of 231,875 unvested stock options held by Mr. Keane as of March 31, 2003 at a weighted-average exercise price of $4.68 per share; (c) the continuation for 12 months of all employee benefit plans and programs in which Mr.
Keane was entitled to participate prior to such termination, including life, disability, medical and dental insurance coverage; and (d) up to $7,500 of outplacement services for six months after termination paid by Corvas. 

Effects of the Combination on Existing Corvas Severance
Plan 

In addition to the employment
agreements described above, Corvas has implemented the 2002 Change in Control Executive Severance Benefit Plan (the Change in Control Plan) for the benefit of each of Mr. Woods, Dr. Vlasuk, Mr. Keane and Carolyn M. Felzer, Vice President
and Controller. The Change in Control Plan provides for severance benefits following a change in control. For the purposes of the Change in Control Plan, a change in control will occur upon the completion of the combination. Under the terms of the
Change in Control Plan, severance benefits become payable if, during the period beginning one month before and ending 13 months following the first merger, any of the covered executive officers employment is involuntarily terminated by
Corvas without cause, or if any of the executive officers chooses to terminate his or her employment for good reason. For the purposes of the Change in Control Plan, good reason means (i) any significant and material reduction in the job duties of
the executive or the level of management to which the executive reports, (ii) any reduction of 10% or more of executives level of compensation, or (iii) any relocation of executives place of employment by greater than 50 miles.

Mr.
Woods
.    Pursuant to the Change in Control Plan, if Mr. Woods employment is involuntarily terminated by Corvas without cause or voluntarily terminated by Mr. Woods for good reason during the period 



beginning one month before and ending 13 months following the first merger, he will be entitled to receive the following benefits upon
providing Corvas with a general release: (a) a lump sum payment equal to $1,053,500, which represents 24 months of his current salary plus the maximum potential target bonus that he will be eligible for in calendar 2003; (b) full vesting of 305,625
unvested stock options held by Mr. Woods as of March 31, 2003 at a weighted-average exercise price of $6.37 per share; (c) the payment by Corvas of premiums for continued health benefits pursuant to COBRA for up to 18 months for Mr. Woods and his
dependents; and (d) up to $10,000 of outplacement services for six months after termination paid by Corvas. 

Dr. Vlasuk
.    Pursuant to the Change in Control Plan, if Dr. Vlasuks employment is involuntarily
terminated by Corvas without cause or voluntarily terminated by Dr. Vlasuk for good reason during the period beginning one month before and ending 13 months following the first merger, he will be entitled to receive the following benefits upon
providing Corvas with a general release: (a) a lump sum payment equal to $716,750, which represents 24 months of his current salary plus the maximum potential target bonus that he will be eligible for in calendar 2003; (b) full vesting of 153,125
unvested stock options held by Dr. Vlasuk as of March 31, 2003 at a weighted-average exercise price of $10.50 per share; (c) the payment by Corvas of premiums for continued health benefits pursuant to COBRA for up to 18 months for Dr. Vlasuk and his
dependents; and (d) up to $10,000 of outplacement services for six months after termination paid by Corvas. 

Mr. Keane
.    Pursuant to the Change in Control Plan, if Mr. Keanes employment is involuntarily
terminated by Corvas without cause or voluntarily terminated by Mr. Keane for good reason during the period beginning one month before and ending 13 months following the first merger, he will be entitled to receive the following benefits upon
providing Corvas with a general release: (a) a lump sum payment equal to $441,000, which represents 18 months of his current salary plus the maximum potential target bonus that he will be eligible for in calendar 2003; (b) full vesting of 231,875
unvested stock options held by Mr. Keane as of March 31, 2003 at a weighted-average exercise price of $4.68 per share; (c) the payment by Corvas of premiums for continued health benefits pursuant to COBRA for up to 18 months for Mr. Keane and his
dependents; and (d) up to $10,000 of outplacement services for six months after termination paid by Corvas. 

Ms. Felzer
.    Pursuant to the Change in Control Plan, if Ms. Felzers employment is involuntarily
terminated by Corvas without cause or voluntarily terminated by Ms. Felzer for good reason during the period beginning one month before and ending 13 months following the first merger, she will be entitled to receive the following benefits upon
providing Corvas with a general release: (a) a lump sum payment equal to $306,250, which represents 18 months of her current salary plus the maximum potential target bonus that she will be eligible for in calendar 2003; (b) full vesting of 88,938
unvested stock options held by Ms. Felzer as of March 31, 2003 at a weighted-average exercise price of $6.72 per share; (c) the payment by Corvas of premiums for continued health benefits pursuant to COBRA for 18 months for Ms. Felzer and her
dependents; and (d) up to $10,000 of outplacement services for six months after termination paid by Corvas. 

Effect of the First Merger on Stock Options Held by Corvas Non-Employee Directors 

Because the completion of the first merger will constitute a
change in control under the terms of Corvass stock option plans, all outstanding stock options granted to non-employee directors under the 1991 Incentive and Compensation Plan, whether or not then otherwise exercisable, will be fully
exercisable for a period of thirty days prior to the close of the first merger. In addition, the completion of the first merger will result in the acceleration of vesting of certain options held by non-employee directors under the 2000 Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2000 Plan). 



The following
table sets forth the relevant information regarding stock options held by Corvas non-employee directors as of March 25, 2003: 

Name of Director

Options Subject to Accelerated Vesting Under

1991 Plan

Weighted-Average Exercise Price

Options Subject to Accelerated Vesting Under 2000 Plan

Weighted-Average Exercise Price

Susan B. Bayh

7,500

$

9.59

8,000

$

1.34

M. Blake Ingle

2,000

$

6.34

8,000

$

1.34

J. Stuart Mackintosh

3,750

$

10.52

8,000

$

1.34

Burton E. Sobel

3,750

$

10.52

8,000

$

1.34

Michael Sorell

2,000

$

6.34

8,000

$

1.34

Nicole Vitullo

2,000

$

6.34

8,000

$

1.34

Based on
the $[        ] per share closing price of Corvas stock on [        ], 2003 and the $[        ] per share
closing price of Dendreon stock on [        ], 2003, the options listed above have aggregate value, based on the difference between stock value and exercise price, of
$[        ]. 

Other Potential Conflicts of Interest of Corvas Directors 

In connection with the combination and under the terms of Corvas 5.5% convertible senior subordinated notes described in the Notes to Corvas financial statements included in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, Artisan Equity Limited has the right to require Corvas to redeem the notes in the event of a change in control of Corvas. Mr. J. Stuart Mackintosh, who is the designee of Artisan Equity Limited on the Corvas board of
directors, is a managing director and a principal of European Investors, Inc., a New York-based investment management firm which serves as one of the investment management firms managing investment portfolios for Artisan Equity Limited and its
affiliated entities. 

Dendreon Board of
Directors 

Upon completion of the
combination, two former Corvas directors will be appointed to Dendreons board of directors and will receive compensation for such services. One will be appointed for a term expiring at the Dendreon annual meeting in 2005, and the other will be
appointed for a term expiring at the Dendreon annual meeting in 2006. See The Merger AgreementOther Agreements and Covenants and Dendreon Proposal 2Election of Directors of DendreonCompensation of Directors.

Indemnification and Insurance

In connection with the combination,
Dendreon has agreed to guarantee all obligations of Corvas to indemnify its present and former directors and executive officers as required by Corvas certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Corvas certificate of incorporation and bylaws
limit the personal liability of its directors for breaches of their fiduciary duty and require Corvas to indemnify its directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by law. The effect of these provisions is to eliminate the
personal liability of directors for monetary damages for actions involving a breach of their fiduciary duty of care, including any such actions involving gross negligence. 

Dendreon has also agreed that Corvas bylaws relating to indemnification will not be amended for a
period of six years after the combination in any way which adversely affects the rights of any person entitled to indemnification under the bylaws. 

In addition, Corvas has entered into indemnity agreements with its executive officers and directors whereby Corvas is obligated to
indemnify such officers and directors from any amounts which the officer or director becomes obligated to pay because of any claim made against him or her arising out of any act or omission committed while acting in his or her capacity as a director
and/or executive officer of Corvas. 



The merger
agreement also provides that immediately prior to the closing of the first merger, Corvas will purchase directors and officers liability insurance for a period of six years after the closing of the first merger for the benefit of the
directors and executive officers of Corvas with respect to any acts or omissions by these individuals occurring prior to the completion of the merger. 

The board of directors of Corvas was aware of these agreements and arrangements when it unanimously approved the merger agreement and
resolved to unanimously recommend to the stockholders of Corvas that they vote for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. 

Management and Operations After the Combination 

The merger agreement provides that, if the first merger is consummated, Dendreon will cause two members of the existing Corvas board of directors to be appointed to the Dendreon board of directors.
These individuals will be proposed by Corvas prior to the first merger and must be reasonably acceptable to Dendreon. The merger agreement further provides that for a period of 18 months after the second merger occurs, the board of directors of
Dendreon will be comprised of not more than ten directors unless an increase in the number of directors is authorized by a majority of the Dendreon board of directors, including at least one of the Corvas nominees or his or her duly appointed
successor. See Dendreon Proposal 2Election of Directors of DendreonInformation Regarding Nominees and Continuing Directors. 

The executive officers of Dendreon after the combination are expected to include Christopher S. Henney, Executive Chair; Mitchell H. Gold,
Chief Executive Officer; David H. Urdal, President and Chief Scientific Officer; T. Dennis George, Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary; and Martin A. Simonetti, Senior Vice President, Finance, Chief
Financial Officer, and Treasurer. Each of these executive officers serves as an executive officer of Dendreon in the capacity set forth above. Corvas executive officers will be entitled to severance benefits in certain circumstances if their
employment terminates after the completion of the combination. See Interests of Certain Persons in the Combination. 

Although, for the foreseeable future, the former Corvas assets and liabilities will be held in a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon,
Dendreon expects, to the extent practical, to operate the combined companies as a single entity in order to achieve operating and technological synergies perceived to be available to the combined companies. 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 

The following general discussion summarizes the material United States federal income tax consequences of the combination to holders of Corvas common shares. 

The discussion assumes that holders of Corvas common shares hold their shares as a capital asset within the
meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (which we refer to as the Code). This discussion does not address all United States federal income tax consequences of the combination that may be relevant to
particular holders, including holders that are subject to special tax rules, such as: 



financial institutions, dealers in securities, insurance companies and tax-exempt organizations; 



holders who are classified as partnerships, S corporations, trusts or estates, holders who own their shares indirectly through partnerships, S corporations or
trusts; 



holders who hold their shares as part of a hedge, straddle, conversion or other risk reduction transaction; 



holders who are foreign persons (including an individual who is not a citizen or resident of the U.S.) or who have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar;





holders whose Corvas common shares are qualified small business stock for purposes of Section 1202 of the Code; or 



holders who acquired their Corvas common shares through stock option or stock purchase programs or other compensation arrangements (including, for example, shares
subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, and shares received on exercise of an incentive stock option, both as defined in the Code). 

In addition, this discussion does not address (i) the tax consequences of transactions effectuated before,
after or at the same time as the combination, whether or not they are in connection with the combination, including, without limitation, transactions in which Corvas common shares are acquired or Dendreon common shares are disposed of, (ii) the tax
consequences to holders of Corvas stock options that are assumed, exercised or converted, as the case may be, in connection with the combination, or (iii) the tax consequences of the receipt of Dendreon common shares other than in exchange for
Corvas common shares. 

No ruling has been or will
be sought from the Internal Revenue Service as to the federal income tax consequences of the combination, and the following summary is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts. The Internal Revenue Service could adopt a contrary
position, and a contrary position could be sustained by a court. This discussion is based upon the Code, laws, regulations, rulings and decisions in effect as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, all of which are subject to change,
possibly with retroactive effect. Any such change could affect the accuracy of the statements and the conclusions discussed below and the tax consequences of the combination. This summary does not address tax consequences under state, local and
foreign laws. 

Accordingly, holders of Corvas
common shares are strongly encouraged to consult their tax advisors as to specific tax consequences to them of the combination, including the applicability and effect of any state, local or foreign tax laws and of changes in applicable tax laws.

Exchange of Corvas Common Shares for
Dendreon Common Shares 

The consummation of
the combination is conditioned on (i) the receipt by Dendreon of an opinion from Stoel Rives LLP, counsel to Dendreon, dated as of the effective time of the combination, to the effect that the combination will be treated as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and (ii) the receipt by Corvas of an opinion from Cooley Godward LLP, counsel to Corvas, dated as of the effective time of the combination, to the effect that the combination will be treated as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. The opinions are based on the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of February 24, 2003, this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the representation letter of Corvas addressed to
Stoel Rives and Cooley Godward, the representation letter of Dendreon, Merger Sub and Charger LLC addressed to Stoel Rives and Cooley Godward, and such other documents deemed necessary and appropriate to provide the opinions, all of which must
continue to be true and accurate in all respects as of the closing date of the combination, and on certain factual assumptions. The opinions are not binding on the courts or the Internal Revenue Service, nor do they preclude the Internal Revenue
Service from adopting a position contrary to that expressed in the opinions. 

Dendreon and Corvas expect the combination to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. Assuming that the combination qualifies as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code: 



no gain or loss will be recognized by holders of Corvas common shares on the exchange of such shares for Dendreon common shares in the combination (except as
discussed below with respect to cash received in lieu of fractional Dendreon common shares); 



the aggregate adjusted tax basis of the Dendreon common shares received in the combination (including any fractional interest) by a Corvas stockholder will be the
same as the aggregate adjusted tax basis of such holders Corvas common shares exchanged therefor; 





the holding period for Dendreon common shares received in the combination by a Corvas stockholder will include the holding period of such holders Corvas common
shares exchanged therefor; and 



a holder of Corvas common shares who receives cash instead of a fractional Dendreon common share will generally recognize capital gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes based on the difference between the amount of the cash received instead of a fractional share and the holders adjusted tax basis in such fractional share. Capital gain or loss will constitute long-term capital gain or loss
if the U.S. holders holding period is greater than one year as of the date of the consummation of the combination. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 

Other Consideration 

Even if the combination qualifies as a reorganization, a
recipient of Dendreon common shares would recognize income to the extent that, for example, any such shares were determined to have been received in exchange for services, to satisfy obligations or in consideration for anything other than the Corvas
common shares surrendered. In addition, to the extent that a Corvas stockholder is treated as receiving, directly or indirectly, consideration other than Dendreon common shares in exchange for such holders Corvas common shares, gain or loss
would have to be recognized. 

Reporting
Requirements 

Each Corvas stockholder that
receives Dendreon common shares in the combination will be required to file a statement with his, her or its federal income tax return setting forth his, her or its basis in the Corvas common shares surrendered and the fair market value of the
Dendreon common shares and cash, if any, received in the combination, and to retain permanent records of these facts relating to the combination. 

Consequences of IRS Challenge 

A successful challenge by the Internal Revenue Service to the reorganization status of the combination would result in the Corvas
stockholders recognizing taxable gain or loss with respect to each Corvas common share surrendered equal to the difference between each stockholders basis in such share and the fair market value, as of the effective time of the combination, of
the Dendreon common shares received in exchange therefor. In such event, a Corvas stockholders aggregate basis in the Dendreon common shares so received would equal its fair market value, and the holding period of such shares would begin the
day after the date the combination becomes effective. 

Backup Withholding 

Certain non-corporate holders of Corvas common shares may be subject to backup withholding, currently at a 30% rate, on cash payments received in the combination. Backup withholding generally will not apply, however, to a holder of
Corvas common shares who: 



furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that he, she or it is not subject to backup withholding on the substitute Internal Revenue Service
Form W-9 (or successor form) included in the letter of transmittal to be delivered to the holders of Corvas common shares following the consummation of the combination; 



provides a certification of foreign status on Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or a successor form; or 



is otherwise exempt from backup withholding. 

Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or credit against a holders federal income tax
liability, provided the holder furnishes the required information to the Internal Revenue Service. 



Tax matters
are very complicated, and the tax consequences of the combination to a Corvas stockholder will depend on such holders particular tax situation. The summary of material United States federal income tax consequences set forth above is intended
to provide only a general summary and is not intended to be a complete analysis or description of all potential federal income tax consequences of the combination. Corvas stockholders are encouraged to consult their tax advisors regarding the
specific tax consequences of the combination, including tax return reporting requirements, the applicability of federal, state, local and foreign tax laws and the effect of any proposed change in the tax laws. 

Accounting Treatment of the Combination 

In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, Dendreon will account for the combination using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method of accounting, Dendreon will record the
market value of its common stock issued in the proposed combination (based on an average of the closing prices of Dendreon common stock for a range of trading days from three days before and three days after February 25, 2003, the date the
combination was announced publicly), the fair value of Dendreon options issued in exchange for the options to purchase shares of Corvas common stock and the amount of direct transaction costs associated with the combination as the purchase price of
acquiring Corvas. Dendreon will allocate the purchase price to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, based on their respective fair values at the date of the completion of the combination, and will recognize deferred stock-based
compensation attributable to unvested options. Any excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired will be accounted for as goodwill. 

Based on the December 31, 2002 financial information, the estimated fair value of the acquired net assets exceeds the estimated
purchase price, thereby resulting in what is referred to as negative goodwill. In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, Business Combinations, negative goodwill will be allocated as a pro
rata reduction of the amounts that otherwise would have been assigned to all of the acquired assets except financial assets and any other current assets. If any excess remains after reducing to zero the amounts that otherwise would have been
assigned to those assets, the remaining negative goodwill will be recognized as an extraordinary gain in the period in which the business combination is completed. 

Given Corvas historical consumption of its working capital, the estimated negative goodwill may be
substantially reduced, eliminated, or become positive goodwill upon completion of the final purchase price allocation. The purchase price allocation will remain preliminary until Dendreon evaluates restructuring plans to be taken following
consummation of the combination, and determines the fair values of other assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The final determination of the purchase price allocation is expected to be completed as soon as practicable after consummation of the
combination. The final amounts allocated to assets and liabilities acquired could differ from the amounts presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. 

In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets, goodwill resulting from the business combination will not be amortized but instead will be tested for impairment at least annually (more frequently if certain indicators are present). In the event that Dendreons management
determines that the value of goodwill has become impaired, the combined company will incur an accounting charge for the amount of impairment during the fiscal quarter in which the determination is made. The amount listed in the above paragraph is a
preliminary estimate, however, and the actual amount may differ from this estimate. 

Resale of Dendreon Common Stock to be Issued in the First Merger 

The shares of Dendreon common stock to be issued in the first merger will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely transferable, except for shares of Dendreon common stock issued to
any person who is deemed to be an affiliate of Corvas under the Securities Act before the first merger or of Dendreon after the 



completion of the combination. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of Corvas before the first merger include individuals
or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with Corvas before the first merger, and may include officers and directors, as well as significant stockholders, of Corvas before the first merger. Affiliates of Corvas before
the first merger may not sell any of the shares of Dendreon common stock received by them in the merger except pursuant to: 



an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of those shares; 



an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or 



any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act. 

In addition, the directors and executive officers of each company, and certain other stockholders of Dendreon, have agreed that they will
not sell or, with certain limited exceptions, otherwise dispose of Dendreon common stock for a period of 90 days following the date of the first merger. 

Dendreons registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part, does not cover the resale of
shares of Dendreon common stock to be received by affiliates of Corvas in the first merger. 

Listing of Dendreon Common Stock to be Issued in the First Merger 

Dendreon will use best efforts to cause the shares of Dendreon common stock to be issued in the first merger to be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market upon the completion of the first
merger. Such listing is a condition of the obligations of each party to the merger agreement to consummate the combination. 

Delisting and Deregistration of Corvas Common Stock 

If the combination is completed, Corvas common stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and deregistered under the Exchange Act, and Corvas will no longer file periodic reports with the
SEC. 

Dissenters Appraisal Rights 

Under Delaware law, no holder of Corvas common stock or of Dendreon common stock will be entitled to demand appraisal of, or to receive payment for, their shares in connection with the combination. 

Litigation Related to the Combination 

On March 4, 2003, the Asset Value Fund Limited Partnership (AVF) filed a purported class action complaint against Corvas and its directors in Delaware state court alleging that the board of directors violated its
fiduciary duties when it approved the merger agreement. Specifically, the complaint alleges that (1) the directors failed to consider all available information when deciding to pursue the combination, (2) the directors failed to negotiate a
mechanism to protect stockholders from the effects of a decline in Dendreons common stock price before the first merger, and (3) a minority of the directors were furthering their own interests in approving the combination instead of the
interests of Corvas stockholders. AVF is seeking to enjoin Corvas from proceeding with the combination, and also seeks compensatory damages and reimbursement of the costs of bringing suit. Corvas was served with the complaint on March 13,
2003. Corvas denies the allegations in the complaint and intends to defend the action vigorously. Corvas is obligated to advance the costs of defense to its directors, subject to their undertaking to repay the advanced costs under specified
circumstances. Corvas has tendered the case to the insurance carrier for its directors and officers liability insurance, which has a retention of $350,000. The carrier has not yet responded, and there are no assurances that it will
accept the case. 



THE MERGER AGREEMENT 

General 

The
following summary describes certain material provisions of the merger agreement, which is included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex A
 and is incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This summary
may not contain all of the information about the merger agreement that is important to you. Dendreon and Corvas encourage you to read the merger agreement in its entirety. 

The merger agreement provides for the combination of Dendreon and Corvas. The combination will be
accomplished with two mergers. In the first merger, Merger Sub, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon, will be merged with and into Corvas, with Corvas being the surviving corporation. In the second merger, which will occur immediately following the
first merger, Corvas will be merged with and into Charger LLC, a limited liability company of which Dendreon is the sole member, with Charger LLC being the surviving entity. As a result of the combination, the assets and liabilities of Corvas will
be held, and its business conducted, by Charger LLC as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dendreon. 

Effective Time and Effect of the First Merger 

The merger agreement provides that the first merger will be effected as soon as practicable on or after the Closing Date, as defined in the merger agreement. The Closing Date will occur not later than the second business day
after satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions to the first merger (other than conditions that, by their nature, are to be satisfied at the Closing), including the approval of the combination proposal by Dendreon stockholders and the adoption
of the merger agreement by Corvas stockholders. 

The first merger will become effective upon the filing of a Certificate of Merger relating to the first merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such later time as may be provided in the Certificate of Merger
(the Effective Time). The Effective Time is expected to occur as promptly as practicable after the approval of the combination proposal by the stockholders of Dendreon and the adoption of the merger agreement by the stockholders of
Corvas at their respective stockholders meetings, subject to the conditions described under The Merger AgreementConditions to Consummation of the First Merger. The separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will terminate
upon consummation of the first merger and, pursuant to the merger agreement and applicable law, each issued and outstanding share of Corvas common stock will be converted automatically into 0.45 of a share of Dendreon common stock (the
Conversion Number). The Conversion Number will be appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange, subdivision, combination, or other similar change in Dendreon common stock or Corvas common
stock before the Effective Time. 

Effective Time and Effect of the Second Merger 

Immediately after the Effective Time, the second merger will be consummated by the filing of a Certificate of Merger relating to the second merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.
The only significant non-tax effect of the second merger will be to cause Corvas assets and liabilities to be held, and its business to be conducted, by a limited liability company, rather than a corporation. The second merger will not affect
the equity interests of the Dendreon stockholders (including the former Corvas stockholders) in the combined company. 

Exchange of Shares 

Instructions with regard to the surrender of Corvas common stock certificates, together with a letter of transmittal to be used for this purpose, will be mailed to Corvas stockholders as promptly as practicable after the Effective
Time. In order to receive certificates evidencing Dendreon common stock, each Corvas stockholder 



will be required to surrender his or her stock certificate(s) after the Effective Time, together with a duly completed and executed letter of
transmittal, to Mellon Investor Services LLC, which will act as Exchange Agent (the Exchange Agent) in connection with the first merger. Promptly after the Effective Time, Dendreon will deposit in trust with the Exchange Agent
certificates representing the number of whole shares of Dendreon common stock which the holders of Corvas common stock are entitled to receive in the first merger, together with cash sufficient to pay for fractional shares. Upon receipt of such
stock certificates and letters of transmittal, the Exchange Agent will issue stock certificates evidencing the Dendreon common stock to the registered holder or his or her transferee for the number of shares of Dendreon common stock each such person
is entitled to receive as a result of the first merger, together with cash in lieu of any fractional shares. No interest will be paid or accrued on the cash payable upon the surrender of Corvas common stock certificates. 

No fractional shares of Dendreon common stock will be issued
in connection with the first merger. All fractional shares of Dendreon common stock to which a holder of Corvas common stock immediately prior to the Effective Time would otherwise be entitled at the Effective Time will be aggregated. If a
fractional share results from such aggregation, the Corvas stockholder will be entitled to receive from Dendreon an amount in cash equal to the closing sale price of Dendreon common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on the Closing Date multiplied
by the fraction of a share of Dendreon common stock which the Corvas stockholder would otherwise have received. Except for such payment, no Corvas stockholder will be entitled to any dividends or other distributions or other rights of stockholders
with respect to any fractional interest. 

CORVAS
STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SUBMIT THEIR STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR EXCHANGE UNTIL THEY RECEIVE INSTRUCTIONS AND A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FROM THE EXCHANGE AGENT. 

If any certificate for Dendreon common stock is to be issued, or any cash payment in lieu of a fractional share is to be made, to a person
other than the person in whose name the certificate for the Corvas common stock surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it will be a condition of such issuance or payment that the stock certificate so surrendered be properly endorsed and
otherwise in proper form for transfer, and that the person requesting such issuance or payment (i) pay in advance any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the issuance of a certificate for Dendreon common stock or a check representing cash
in lieu of a fractional share to a person other than the registered holder of the Corvas common stock certificate surrendered, or (ii) establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable.

After the Effective Time, there will be no
further transfers on the stock transfer books of Corvas of the shares of Corvas common stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If a certificate representing such shares is presented for transfer, subject to compliance
with the requisite transmittal procedures, it will be canceled and exchanged for the applicable number of shares of Dendreon common stock and cash in lieu of any fractional share amount. 

Each certificate representing Corvas common stock immediately prior to the Effective Time will, at the
Effective Time, be deemed for all purposes to represent only the right to receive the number of whole shares of Dendreon common stock (and the right to receive cash in lieu of any fractional share of Dendreon common stock) into which the shares of
Corvas common stock represented by such certificate were converted in the first merger. 

Until a certificate that formerly represented Corvas common stock is actually surrendered for exchange and received by the Exchange Agent, the holder thereof will not be entitled to receive any
dividends or other distributions with respect to Dendreon common stock payable to holders of record after the Effective Time. Subject to applicable law, upon such surrender of Corvas common stock certificates, such dividends or other distributions
will be remitted (without interest) to the record holder of certificates for the shares of Dendreon common stock issued in exchange therefor. 



Any
certificates for the Dendreon common stock and cash sufficient to pay for fractional shares delivered or made available to the Exchange Agent and not exchanged for Corvas common stock certificates within six months after the Effective Time will be
returned by the Exchange Agent to Dendreon, which will thereafter act as Exchange Agent. None of Dendreon, Corvas or the Exchange Agent will be liable to a holder of Corvas common stock for any of the Dendreon common stock, dividends or other
distributions thereon, or cash in lieu of fractional shares, delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat, or similar law. 

The holders of Dendreon common stock will continue to hold their shares without any change in number, designation, terms or rights.

Representations and Warranties 

In the merger agreement, Dendreon, Merger Sub and Charger LLC, on the one hand, and Corvas, on the other, have made various representations and warranties relating to, among other things, their respective organization, capital
structure, business and financial condition, the completeness and accuracy of filings made with the SEC and the satisfaction of certain legal requirements for the combination. The representations and warranties of each of the parties to the merger
agreement will expire upon consummation of the combination. 

The representations and warranties of Corvas, on the one hand, and Dendreon, Merger Sub and Charger LLC, on the other, are set forth in Articles III and IV, respectively, of the merger agreement. 

Conduct of the Business of Dendreon and Corvas 

In the merger agreement, Dendreon and Corvas must each seek the consent of the other, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, with respect to certain activities, including certain
significant business or financing transactions or changes in corporate structure. The consent requirements are generally equivalent as to both companies, except that Dendreon is permitted to engage in certain financing transactions and Corvas is
limited in certain dispositions of intellectual property rights. The specific matters requiring consent are set forth in Article V of the merger agreement. 

Other Agreements and Covenants 

The merger agreement contains numerous additional agreements of the parties, including those set forth in Article VI of the merger agreement. These additional agreements include (but are not limited to) the following:

No
Solicitation
.    Dendreon and Corvas have each agreed to terminate all discussions or negotiations with any third party with respect to any business combination transaction, including a merger, tender offer or other
transaction involving the acquisition of more than 20% of its voting stock, the sale or license of 20% or more of its assets, or a liquidation or dissolution (an Acquisition Proposal). In addition, Dendreon and Corvas have agreed not to
(i) solicit, initiate, or encourage, induce or facilitate any inquiries or proposals that may lead to an Acquisition Proposal, (ii) engage in negotiations or discussions concerning, or provide any non-public information to any third party relating
to, any Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) agree to, approve, or recommend any Acquisition Proposal. 

However, Dendreon may enter into discussions with any third party in response to an offer that satisfies all of the following conditions: 



The offer is an unsolicited, bona fide, written offer for a merger, consolidation, business combination, sale of substantial assets, sale of shares of capital stock
or a similar transaction; 



The Dendreon board of directors determines in good faith and after consultation with an independent financial advisor that such offer is more favorable to the
stockholders of Dendreon than the terms of the first merger; 





The Dendreon board of directors determines in good faith, based on the advice of its outside legal counsel, that failure to take such action would reasonably be
expected to result in a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable law; 



Dendreon notifies Corvas in writing at least two business days before furnishing non-public information to, or entering into discussions with, such third party of
the identity of such third party and of Dendreons intent to furnish non-public information to, or enter into discussions with, such third party; 



Such third party executes a confidentiality agreement and a standstill agreement in connection with its receipt of non-public information;



Dendreon provides Corvas with such non-public information at least two business days before furnishing such non-public information to the offering party; and



The financing required to consummate the transaction contemplated by such offer is committed or is reasonably capable of being obtained by such third party on a
timely basis. 

Corvas may enter
into discussions with any third party in response to an offer that satisfies all of the following conditions: 



The offer is an unsolicited, bona fide, written offer for a merger, consolidation, business combination, sale of substantial assets, sale of shares of capital stock
or a similar transaction; 



The Corvas board of directors determines in good faith and after consultation with an independent financial advisor that such offer is more favorable to the
stockholders of Corvas than the terms of the first merger; 



The Corvas board of directors determines in good faith, based on the advice of its outside legal counsel, that failure to take such action would reasonably be
expected to result in a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable law; 



Corvas notifies Dendreon in writing at least two business days before furnishing non-public information to, or entering into discussions with, such third party of
the identity of such third party and of Corvas intent to furnish non-public information to, or enter into discussions with, such third party; 



Such third party executes a confidentiality agreement and a standstill agreement in connection with its receipt of non-public information;



Corvas provides Dendreon with such non-public information at least two business days before furnishing such non-public information to the offering party; and



The financing required to consummate the transaction contemplated by such offer is committed or is reasonably capable of being obtained by such third party on a
timely basis. 

Dendreon and Corvas
have each agreed to promptly notify the other if it receives any inquiries or proposals with respect to an Acquisition Proposal. 

The merger agreement does not prohibit Dendreon or Corvas from taking and disclosing to stockholders a position with respect to an
Acquisition Proposal by a third party to the extent required under the Exchange Act. 

Employee Benefits
.    Dendreon has agreed that former Corvas employees who continue employment with the combined company will be entitled to participate in Dendreons
retirement, health, vacation and other non-equity based benefit plans (which Dendreon may amend or terminate at any time, subject to applicable law) or, if any such plan is terminated, then in comparable Dendreon plans on terms equivalent to those
offered to comparable Dendreon employees. Subject to plan limitations, if any, Dendreon will: 



recognize prior service recognized under the benefit plans of Corvas or any of its subsidiaries as service under Dendreons benefit plans;





waive any pre-existing condition limitations and eligibility waiting periods under any group health plan; and 



give Corvas employees credit towards applicable deductibles, co-payments and annual out-of-pocket limits for expenses incurred before the commencement of
participation. 

Employee Stock
Options.
    Dendreon has agreed to the conversion of all options issued under former Corvas option plans and all Corvas options issued other than under such plans into the right to purchase a number of shares of Dendreon
common stock based on the application of the Conversion Number to the number of shares of Corvas common stock for which the option was formerly exercisable, and otherwise upon the terms and subject to the conditions expressed in the plan, if any,
under which the former Corvas option was issued and in the option agreement. Corvas has in effect an Employee Stock Purchase Plan under which employees may purchase Corvas common stock. This plan will continue until the Effective Time, after which
it will terminate. The purchase of shares of Corvas common stock under this plan before the Effective Time will increase the number of shares of Dendreon common stock issuable in the first merger. 

Indemnification
.    Dendreon has
agreed that, after the Effective Time, it will guaranty the obligations of Corvas to indemnify its present and former directors and officers to the extent of, and in accordance with, the bylaws of Corvas in effect on the date of the merger agreement
and Delaware law. Subject to Delaware law, the parties also have agreed that Corvas bylaws relating to indemnification shall not be amended in a manner that adversely affects the rights of any party entitled to indemnification thereunder. In
addition, immediately before the effective time of the first merger, Corvas will purchase directors and officers liability insurance for a period of six years after the closing of the first merger for the benefit of the directors and
executive officers of Corvas with respect to any acts or omissions by these individuals occurring before the completion of the first merger. 

Board of Directors of Dendreon
.    Dendreon has agreed to take all necessary action to cause two persons
selected by Corvas (each of whom shall be a serving director of Corvas and reasonably acceptable to Dendreon) to be appointed to the Dendreon board of directors, one to serve a term expiring in 2005 and the other to serve a term expiring in 2006.
Corvas shall make its selection before the first merger. Dendreon has further agreed that, for a period of 18 months after the Effective Time, it will cause its board of directors to be comprised of not more than ten directors unless an increase in
the number of directors is authorized by a majority of the Dendreon board of directors, including at least one of the Corvas nominees or his or her duly appointed successor. See Dendreon Proposal 2Election of Directors of
DendreonInformation Regarding Nominees and Continuing Directors. 

Conditions To Consummation of the First Merger 

The obligation of the parties to consummate the first merger (and therefore the combination) are subject to various conditions set forth in Article VII of the merger agreement. Each of the parties to
the merger agreement has agreed, among other things, to use all reasonable efforts to cause the combination to be consummated. 

It is a condition to the obligation of each party to the merger agreement to effect the first merger that the following shall have
occurred: 



The registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part shall have been declared effective by the SEC, and this joint proxy
statement/prospectus shall have been delivered to the stockholders of Dendreon and of Corvas as required under applicable laws and regulations; 



The combination proposal shall have been approved by the requisite vote of Dendreon stockholders, and the merger agreement shall have been adopted by the requisite
vote of Corvas stockholders; 



No injunction or other form of legal or regulatory restraint shall prohibit the combination or cause the combination to be illegal; and 



The additional shares of Dendreon common stock to be issued in the first merger shall have been approved for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market.



The
obligations of Dendreon, Merger Sub and Charger LLC to consummate the first merger are subject to the following additional conditions: 



The representations and warranties of Corvas in the merger agreement shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of the merger agreement, provided that
for purposes of this condition, such representations and warranties will be deemed to be accurate, unless the failure or failures of such representations and warranties to be accurate, individually or in the aggregate, and without giving effect to
any materiality qualifications or similar qualifications, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the merger agreement) on Corvas as of the Closing; 



Corvas shall have performed in all material respects its obligations to be performed at or before the Closing; 



Since the date of the merger agreement, no event or condition shall have occurred that constitutes a Material Adverse Effect on Corvas which is continuing as of the
Closing; 



There shall be no pending litigation commenced by any governmental entity relating to the combination in which, in the reasonable judgment of Dendreon, there is a
reasonable possibility of an outcome that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Corvas; and 



Dendreon shall have received a tax opinion from its legal counsel (or, if its counsel does not provide such an opinion, Corvas legal counsel) with respect to
the combination. 

The obligations
of Corvas to consummate the first merger are subject to the following additional conditions: 



The representations and warranties of Dendreon in the merger agreement shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of the merger agreement, provided
that for purposes of this condition, such representations and warranties will be deemed to be accurate, unless the failure or failures of such representations and warranties to be accurate, individually or in the aggregate, and without giving effect
to any materiality qualifications or similar qualifications, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the merger agreement) on Dendreon as of the Closing; 



Dendreon, Merger Sub and Charger LLC shall have performed in all material respects their respective obligations to be performed at or before the Closing;



Since the date of the merger agreement, no event or condition shall have occurred that constitutes a Material Adverse Effect on Dendreon which is continuing as of
the Closing; 



There shall be no pending litigation commenced by any governmental entity relating to the combination in which, in the reasonable judgment of Corvas, there is a
reasonable possibility of an outcome that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Dendreon; and 



Corvas shall have received a tax opinion from its legal counsel (or, if its counsel does not provide such an opinion, Dendreons legal counsel) with respect to
the combination. 

Any of the
above-described conditions (other than the requirement for the approvals of the stockholders of Dendreon and Corvas) can be waived by the party having the benefit of the condition. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement 

The merger agreement provides that the merger agreement may be terminated and the combination abandoned at any time before the Effective Time, whether before or after the approval by the Dendreon stockholders of the combination
proposal or the adoption of the merger agreement by the Corvas stockholders: 



by mutual written consent of Dendreon and Corvas; 



by either Dendreon or Corvas if the first merger has not been consummated by August 24, 2003, unless the failure of the Closing to occur by such date is due to the
failure of the party seeking to terminate the merger agreement to fulfill any obligation under the merger agreement; 





by either Dendreon or Corvas if a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental entity shall have issued a nonappealable final order, decree or ruling, or
taken any other action, having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the combination; 



by either Dendreon or Corvas if, at the Dendreon Annual Meeting or the Corvas Special Meeting (including any adjournments or postponements thereof), the requisite
vote of the stockholders of Dendreon in favor of the combination proposal or of the stockholders of Corvas adopting the merger agreement is not obtained; 



by Dendreon if, before the adoption of the merger agreement by the stockholders of Corvas, any of the following events (referred to in this summary as Corvas
triggering events) occurs: 



the Corvas board of directors shall have failed to unanimously recommend, or shall have withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Dendreon, its unanimous
recommendation in favor of adopting the merger agreement; 



the Corvas board of directors fails to unanimously reaffirm its recommendation in favor of adopting the merger agreement, or fails to unanimously reaffirm its
determination that the merger agreement and the combination is in the best interests of Corvas stockholders, within five business days after Dendreon requests that such recommendation or determination be reaffirmed; 



the Corvas board of directors shall have approved, endorsed or recommended any Acquisition Proposal; 



Corvas shall have entered into a letter of intent or contract relating to any Acquisition Proposal; 



Corvas shall have failed to hold the Corvas Special Meeting within 45 days after the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part
is declared effective by the SEC; 



a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Corvas shall have been commenced and Corvas shall not have sent to its securityholders within ten business days
after commencement of such tender or exchange offer, a statement disclosing that Corvas recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer; or 



an Acquisition Proposal relating to Corvas is publicly announced, and Corvas fails to issue a press release announcing its opposition to such proposal within five
business days after such proposal is announced or otherwise fails to actively oppose such proposal. 



by Corvas if, before the approval of the combination proposal by the stockholders of Dendreon, any of the following events (referred to in this summary as
Dendreon triggering events) occurs: 



the Dendreon board of directors shall have failed to unanimously recommend, or shall have withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Corvas, its unanimous
recommendation in favor of approval of the combination proposal; 



the Dendreon board of directors fails to unanimously reaffirm its recommendation in favor of approval of the combination proposal, or fails to unanimously reaffirm
its determination that the merger agreement and the combination is in the best interests of Dendreons stockholders within five business days after Corvas requests that such recommendation or determination be reaffirmed;



the Dendreon board of directors shall have approved, endorsed or recommended any proposal relating to an Acquisition Proposal; 



Dendreon shall have entered into a letter of intent or contract relating to an Acquisition Proposal; 



Dendreon shall have failed to hold the Dendreon Annual Meeting within 45 days after the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a
part is declared effective by the SEC; 





a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Dendreon shall have been commenced and Dendreon shall not have sent to its securityholders within ten business
days after commencement of such tender or exchange offer, a statement disclosing that Dendreon recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer; or 



an Acquisition Proposal relating to Dendreon is publicly announced, and Dendreon fails to issue a press release announcing its opposition to such proposal within
five business days after such proposal is announced or otherwise fails to actively oppose such proposal. 



by either Dendreon or Corvas if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the other set forth in the merger
agreement which breach would constitute the failure of the obligations of the breaching partys closing conditions relating to accuracy of representations and warranties or material performance of covenants, provided that if such breach is
reasonably capable of being cured before August 24, 2003 and the breaching party is exercising reasonable efforts to cure such breach, then the merger agreement cannot be terminated until the 30th day following written notice to the breaching party;
or 



by Corvas at any time before the Corvas Special Meeting, if it receives an Acquisition Proposal and the board of directors determines, after consultation with an
independent financial advisor, that the terms of such offer are more favorable to the stockholders of Corvas than the terms of the first merger, and, after considering the advice of its outside legal counsel, its board of directors determines in
good faith that its failure to accept the Acquisition Proposal would reasonably be expected to result in a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable law. 

If the merger agreement is terminated as provided above, there will be no liability on the part of any party
or its officers, directors or stockholders, except as described in Fees and Expenses; Termination Fees below. 

Fees and Expenses; Termination Fees 

The merger agreement provides that, whether or not the combination is consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby will be paid by the party incurring
such costs or expenses; provided, however, that Dendreon and Corvas shall share equally all fees and expenses, other than attorneys fees, incurred in relation to the printing and filing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the
registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes a part. 

Corvas must pay Dendreon a termination fee of $2,187,000 if the merger agreement is terminated under any of the following circumstances: 



by Dendreon because the Corvas stockholders have failed to adopt the merger agreement at the Corvas Special Meeting and (i) an Acquisition Proposal for Corvas had
been made and not publicly withdrawn at least five days before the date of the Corvas Special Meeting and (ii) within nine months after such termination Corvas consummates a business combination transaction, including a merger, tender offer or other
transaction involving the acquisition of more than 20% of its voting stock, the sale or license of 20% or more of its assets, or a liquidation or dissolution; 



by Dendreon if a Corvas triggering event has occurred; or 



by Corvas if, at any time before the Corvas Special Meeting, it receives an unsolicited, bona fide Acquisition Proposal, and the Corvas board of directors, after
consultation with its legal and financial advisors, determines in good faith that such offer is more favorable to the Corvas stockholders than the terms of the combination and that its failure to accept such offer would breach its fiduciary duty to
the Corvas stockholders. 



Dendreon must
pay Corvas a termination fee of $2,187,000 if the merger agreement is terminated under either of the following circumstances: 



by Corvas because the Dendreon stockholders have failed to approve the combination proposal at the Dendreon Annual Meeting and (i) an Acquisition Proposal for
Dendreon had been made and not publicly withdrawn at least five days before the date of the Dendreon Annual Meeting and (ii) within nine months after such termination Dendreon consummates a business combination transaction, including a merger,
tender offer or other transaction involving the acquisition of more than 20% of its voting stock, the sale or license of 20% or more of its assets, or a liquidation or dissolution; or 



by Corvas if a Dendreon triggering event has occurred. 

Amendment of the Merger Agreement; Waiver of Conditions 

The respective boards of directors of Dendreon and Corvas may, by written agreement, at any time before or after the adoption of the merger agreement by the Corvas stockholders and the approval of the
combination proposal by the Dendreon stockholders, amend the merger agreement, provided that after such approval by the Corvas or Dendreon stockholders, no amendment or modification may be made that would require the further approval of such
stockholders under applicable law. Each party to the merger agreement may, to the extent legally permitted, extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations of any other party to the merger agreement, waive any inaccuracies in the
representations or warranties of any other party contained in the merger agreement or waive compliance by any other party with any of the agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement. 



LOCK-UP AND VOTING AGREEMENTS 

The following summary describes certain material provisions of the lock-up and voting agreements between Dendreon and Corvas directors and executive officers, a form of which is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
as 
Annex B
, and the lock-up and voting agreements between Corvas and Dendreons directors and executive officers and certain other stockholders represented on Dendreons board of directors, a form of which is attached to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex C
. Each of the forms of lock-up and voting agreement is incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This summary may not contain all of the information about the lock-up and voting
agreements that are important to you. We encourage you to read the form of each lock-up and voting agreement carefully in its entirety. 

The Lock-up and Voting Agreements Between Dendreon and Certain Stockholders of Corvas 

Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement, Dendreon entered into lock-up and voting agreements with all of
Corvas directors and executive officers. These Corvas stockholders include Susan Bayh, Carolyn M. Felzer, M. Blake Ingle, Stephen F. Keane, J. Stuart Mackintosh, Burton Sobel, Michael Sorell, Nicole Vitullo, George P. Vlasuk and Randall E.
Woods (collectively referred to as the Corvas parties in this summary). As of the record date for the Corvas Special Meeting, the Corvas parties owned [        ] shares of Corvas common
stock, representing approximately [        ]% of the outstanding shares of Corvas common stock. 

Under the lock-up and voting agreements, the Corvas parties agreed to cause the shares of Corvas common stock that they beneficially own,
or subsequently acquire beneficial ownership of, to be counted at any Corvas stockholder meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum and to vote their shares of Corvas common stock: 



in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of all other actions contemplated by the merger agreement; 



against any action that would result in a breach of any obligation or agreement of Corvas under the merger agreement; and 



against any action involving Corvas which is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere with, delay, or materially adversely affect the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

Each of the Corvas parties has granted to Dendreon and certain of Dendreons officers an irrevocable proxy and power of attorney to vote the shares of Corvas common stock that such Corvas party beneficially owns, or subsequently
acquires beneficial ownership of, on the matters set forth above. 

Each of the Corvas parties also agreed that, until the earlier to occur of the Effective Time or the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms, such Corvas party will not: 



grant any proxy or power of attorney that would permit any such proxy or attorney-in-fact to take any action inconsistent with the lock-up and voting agreement;



deposit the shares of Corvas common stock that such Corvas party beneficially owns into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement with respect to such shares,
in either case providing for the voting or consenting of such shares in a manner inconsistent with the lock-up and voting agreement; or 



take any action that would make any representation or warranty of such Corvas party in the lock-up and voting agreement untrue or would result in a breach by such
Corvas party of his or her obligations under the lock-up and voting agreement. 

The lock-up and voting agreements terminate upon the earlier to occur of: 



the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Effective Time occurs; or 



the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms. 



Each of the
Corvas parties also agreed that, during the term of the lock-up and voting agreements and, if the first merger is consummated, for 90 days after the Effective Time, such Corvas party will not pledge, sell, exchange or transfer any of the shares of
Corvas common stock beneficially owned by such party or, after the Effective Time, any shares of Dendreon common stock into which such shares have been converted. 

The Lock-up and Voting Agreements Between Corvas and Certain Stockholders of Dendreon 

Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement, Corvas entered into lock-up and voting agreements with all of
Dendreons directors and executive officers and certain Dendreon stockholders represented on Dendreons board of directors. These Dendreon stockholders include Gerardo Canet, William Crouse, Bogdan Dziurzynski, T. Dennis George, Mitchell
H. Gold, Timothy Harris, Ruth Kunath, Christopher S. Henney, Ralph Shaw, Martin A. Simonetti, David L. Urdal, Vulcan Ventures, Inc., Douglas Watson and entities affiliated with Healthcare Ventures LLC and Shaw Venture Partners III L.P. (collectively
referred to as the Dendreon parties in this summary). As of the record date for the Dendreon Annual Meeting, the Dendreon parties owned [        ] shares of Dendreon common stock,
representing approximately [        ]% of the outstanding shares of Dendreon common stock. 

Under the lock-up and voting agreements, the Dendreon parties agreed to cause the shares of Dendreon common stock that they beneficially
own, or subsequently acquire beneficial ownership of, to be counted at any Dendreon stockholder meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum and to vote their shares of Dendreon common stock: 



in favor of the issuance of Dendreon common stock pursuant to the merger agreement and the approval of all other actions contemplated by the merger agreement;



against any action that would result in a breach of any obligation or agreement of Dendreon under the merger agreement; and 



against any action involving Dendreon which is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere with, delay, or materially adversely affect the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

Each of the Dendreon parties has granted to Corvas and certain of Corvas officers an irrevocable proxy and power of attorney to vote the shares of Dendreon common stock that such Dendreon party beneficially owns, or
subsequently acquires beneficial ownership of, on the matters set forth above. 

Each of the Dendreon parties also agreed that, until the earlier to occur of the Effective Time or the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms, such Dendreon party will not:



grant any proxy or power of attorney that would permit any such proxy or attorney-in-fact to take any action inconsistent with the lock-up and voting agreement;



deposit the shares of Dendreon common stock that such Dendreon party beneficially owns into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement with respect to such
shares, in either case providing for the voting or consenting of such shares in a manner inconsistent lock-up and voting agreement; or 



take any action that would make any representation or warranty of such Dendreon party in the lock-up and voting agreement untrue or would result in a breach by such
Dendreon party of his, her or its obligations under the lock-up and voting agreement. 

The lock-up and voting agreements terminate upon the earlier to occur of: 



the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Effective Time occurs; or 



the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms. 



Except for the
Dendreon stockholders associated with Healthcare Ventures LLC, each of the Dendreon parties also agreed that, during the term of the lock-up and voting agreements and, if the first merger is consummated, for 90 days after the Effective Time, such
Dendreon party will not pledge, sell, exchange or transfer any of the shares of Dendreon common stock beneficially owned by such party or, after the Effective Time, any shares of Dendreon common stock into which such shares have been converted.



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA 
CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OF DENDREON AND CORVAS 

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2002 and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2002 are based on the historical financial statements of Dendreon and Corvas after giving effect to the proposed combination using the purchase method of accounting on a pro forma basis and
applying the estimates, assumptions and adjustments described in the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. The financial information of Corvas has been adjusted to conform Corvas presentation
format to that of Dendreon. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not purport to represent what Dendreons financial position or results of operations would actually have been if the proposed combination had in fact
occurred on those dates or to project Dendreons financial position or results of operations as of any future date. 

For pro forma purposes: 



Dendreons balance sheet as of December 31, 2002 has been combined with Corvas balance sheet as of December 31, 2002 as if the proposed combination had
occurred on December 31, 2002; and 



Dendreons statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2002 has been combined with Corvas statement of operations as if the proposed
combination had occurred on January 1, 2002. 

Under the purchase method of accounting, the total estimated purchase price, calculated as described in Note 1 to these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, is allocated to the net tangible assets acquired in
connection with the combination, based on their estimated fair values as of December 31, 2002. A preliminary valuation was conducted to determine the fair values of these assets. This preliminary valuation has been the basis for the estimates of
fair values reflected in these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. As of December 31, 2002, the fair value of the net assets acquired exceeds the estimated purchase price. As a result, the estimated fair values of property
and equipment were reduced to zero for purchase accounting purposes. After this reduction in values, and in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141 (or SFAS No. 141), Business Combinations, the estimated
remaining negative goodwill of approximately $9.1 million would be recorded as an extraordinary gain in Dendreons statement of operations upon consummation of the combination. However, given Corvas historical consumption of its working
capital, the pro forma negative goodwill of approximately $11.5 million may be substantially reduced, eliminated or become positive goodwill upon completion of the final purchase price allocation. The extraordinary gain has been excluded from
the pro forma condensed combined statement of operations due to its non-recurring nature. A final determination of these fair values, which cannot be made prior to the completion of the proposed combination, will be based on managements
consideration of the final valuation. This final valuation will be based on the actual net tangible and intangible assets of Corvas that exist as of the date of completion of the proposed combination. In addition to the receipt of the final
valuation, the impact of ongoing integration activities, the timing of completion of the proposed combination, and other changes in Corvas net assets, which occur prior to completion of the proposed combination, could cause material
differences in the information presented. 

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared based on the assumptions described in the notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and the estimated fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed from Corvas. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not include any adjustments for liabilities resulting from integration plans other than estimated severance costs. 

These unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
statements and accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and the related notes thereto of Dendreon and Corvas and other financial information pertaining to Dendreon and Corvas, including
Dendreons Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is incorporated herein by reference to Dendreons Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2002, and Corvas Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included herein under Business of Corvas. 



Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet 
as of December 31, 2002 
(in thousands) 

Dendreon

Corvas

Pro forma Adjustments

Note 2

Pro forma
Combined

Assets

Current assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

11,263

$

4,428

$

15,691

Short-term investments

35,614

73,557

$

(A)

109,439

Restricted cash

Accounts receivable, net

1,760

  

1,760

Other current assets

2,309

3,713

6,022

Total current assets

51,254

82,001

133,523

Property and equipment, net

3,578

2,336

(2,336

)

(J)

3,578

Long-term investments

8,102

12,186

(A)

20,417

Deposit and other assets

(70

)

(F)

Total assets

$

63,724

$

96,593

$

(2,009

)

$

158,308

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Current liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

$

7,856

$

2,246

$

1,955

(B)

$

14,718

2,661

(C)

Convertible notes payable

12,558

(D)

12,558

Deferred revenue

5,096

  

5,096

Current portion of capital lease obligations

1,198

  

1,198

Total current liabilities

14,150

2,246

17,174

33,570

Deferred revenue, less current portion

3,750

  

3,750

Convertible notes payable

  

12,558

(12,558

)

(D)

  

Deferred rent, capital lease obligations, less current portion

1,081

(258

)

(E)

1,081

Stockholders equity:

Common stock and additional paid-in capital

160,341

227,709

(227,709

)

(G)

226,793

62,825

(H)

3,627

(H)

Deferred stock-based compensation

(253

)

  

(419

)

(I)

(672

)

Accumulated other comprehensive income

  

Accumulated deficit

(115,463

)

(146,178

)

146,178

(G)

(106,332

)

9,131

(J)

Total stockholders equity

44,743

81,531

(6,367

)

119,907

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

$

63,724

$

96,593

$

(2,009

)

$

158,308



Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations 
For the Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Dendreon

Corvas

Pro forma Adjustments

Note 2

Pro forma Combined

Revenue

$

15,269

$

$

15,411

Operating expenses:

Research and development

30,927

16,649

$

(K)

46,887

(818

)

(L)

General and administrative

9,542

5,161

(K)

14,710

(56

)

(L)

Marketing

  

Restructuring charges

  

1,929

1,929

Total operating expenses

41,188

23,739

(682

)

64,245

Loss from operations

(25,919

)

(23,597

)

(48,834

)

Interest income, net:

Interest income

1,803

3,260

5,063

Interest expense

(353

)

(841

)

(1,194

)

Interest income, net

1,450

2,419

3,869

Loss before income taxes

(24,469

)

(21,178

)

(44,965

)

Foreign income tax expense

  

Net loss

$

(24,669

)

$

(21,178

)

$

$

(45,165

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.96

)

$

(0.77

)

$

(1.19

)

Shares used in computation of basic and diluted net loss per share

25,576

27,537

Note 3

37,992



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED 

COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1    
Description of Combination and Purchase Price

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements reflect the conversion of all the outstanding shares of Corvas common stock into
approximately 12,416,000 shares of Dendreon common stock pursuant to the proposed combination. The calculation of the number of shares is based on outstanding shares of Corvas common stock of approximately 27,591,000 as of December 31, 2002,
multiplied by the fixed exchange ratio of 0.45. The actual number of shares of Dendreon common stock to be issued will be determined based on the actual number of shares of Corvas common stock outstanding on the effective date of the first merger.
Based on outstanding options as of December 31, 2002, plus new options granted from January 1, 2003 to February 24, 2003, approximately 3,621,000 shares of Corvas common stock will be assumed by Dendreon pursuant to the merger agreement and
converted into options to purchase approximately 1,629,000 shares of Dendreon common stock. The actual number of options, both vested and unvested, to be assumed by Dendreon will be based on the actual number of Corvas options outstanding at the
effective date of the first merger. The total cost of the proposed combination is estimated to be approximately $68.4 million, based on a fair value of Dendreon common stock of $5.06, the average price of Dendreon common stock during a seven-day
period beginning three trading days before and ending three trading days after the public announcement of the proposed combination (February 20, 21, 24, 25, 26, 27 and 28, 2003). 

The estimated total purchase price of the proposed combination is as follows (in thousands):

Value of Dendreon common stock issued

$

62,825

Assumption of Corvas vested options

Assumption of Corvas unvested options

2,648

Total value of Dendreon securities

66,452

Estimated direct transaction costs

1,955

Total estimated purchase price

$

68,407

The fair
value of the options issued is determined based on a stock price of $5.06 using the Black-Scholes method with the following assumptions: an expected life ranging from one month to four years, risk free interest rate of 3.0%, volatility of 1.28 and
no expected dividend. The expected life of one month is the period during which certain option holders whose service is expected to terminate upon the closing of the proposed combination may exercise their options under Corvas option plans.
The four-year estimated life is based on historical Dendreon experience. 



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED 

COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)

Under the
purchase method of accounting, the total estimated purchase price as shown in the table above will be allocated to Corvas net tangible and intangible assets based on their estimated fair values as of the date of the completion of the proposed
combination. The fair value of the acquired net assets that exceeds the purchase price is initially recognized as negative goodwill. In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, Business Combinations, this
estimated negative goodwill of $11.5 million will be allocated as a reduction of the amounts that otherwise would have been assigned to all of the acquired assets except financial assets and any other current assets. Any excess remaining after
reducing to zero the amounts that otherwise would have been assigned to those assets will be recognized as an extraordinary gain in the period in which the business combination is completed. Based on the preliminary valuation, and subject to
material changes upon development of a final valuation and other factors as described in the introduction to these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the allocation of the
preliminary estimated purchase price and the allocation of the negative goodwill are as follows (in thousands): 

Fair Value

of Net Assets

Acquired

Allocation of Negative Goodwill

Allocation of Purchase Price

Cash and cash equivalents

$

4,428

$

4,428

Short-term investments

73,825

73,825

Restricted cash

Other current assets

3,713

3,713

Long-term investments

12,315

12,315

Property and equipment

2,336

$

(2,336

)

  

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

(4,907

)

(4,907

)

Convertible notes payable

(12,558

)

(12,558

)

Deferred compensation on unvested options*

Extraordinary gain on allocation of negative goodwill

(9,131

)

(9,131

)

Total

$

79,874

$

(11,467

)

$

68,407

*

Deferred compensation on unvested options was based on the portion of the intrinsic value (fair value less the exercise price) at March 19, 2003 for Corvas options
outstanding on February 24, 2003, related to the future vesting period based on an allocation of the intrinsic value to the vested period and the remaining unvested period using the graded vesting approach. 

Note 2    
Pro Forma Adjustments

Pro forma adjustments are necessary to
reflect the estimated purchase price, to adjust amounts related to Corvas net tangible assets to a preliminary estimate of their fair values, to allocate negative goodwill, to eliminate Corvas equity accounts, and to reflect changes in
depreciation and stock compensation charges resulting from these pro forma adjustments. 

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements also include an adjustment for severance liabilities relating to Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) No. 95-3, Recognition of
Liabilities in Connection with a Purchase Business Combination. Dendreon is in the process of making further assessments and estimates of costs that are not currently known. Liabilities will be adjusted to reflect actual severance costs or
relocation costs related to Corvas employees, or other costs associated with exiting activities of Corvas that would affect amounts in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. 



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED 

COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)

The expected effect of potentially recording additional liabilities relating to EITF No. 95-3 will primarily impact accrued liabilities with
an offsetting impact on the extraordinary gain attributable to negative goodwill. 

Dendreon has not identified any pre-acquisition contingencies where the related asset, liability or impairment is probable and the amount of the asset, liability or impairment can be reasonably
estimated. Prior to the end of the purchase price allocation period, if information becomes available which would indicate it is probable that such events have occurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated, such items will be included in the
purchase price allocation. 

The pro forma
adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are as follows: 

(A)

To adjust Corvas short-term and long-term investments by $268,000 and $129,000, respectively, to account for these investments as available-for-sale to conform
to Dendreons accounting policy and to reflect their fair market value. 

(B)

To reflect Dendreons transaction costs, consisting primarily of financial advisory, legal and accounting fees totaling $1,955,000. Pro forma adjustments do not
include Corvas estimated transaction costs of $1,720,000. 

(C)

To reflect estimated severance cost of $2,661,000, primarily attributable to certain Corvas employment agreements and/or the Corvas Change in Control Plan.

(D)

Upon the change in control, the note holder may require the redemption of the convertible notes within 30 business days following the event. If the holder exercises
this right, the principal for the convertible notes must be paid in cash and Dendreon will have the option of paying the accrued interest and estimated withholding tax in cash or in Dendreon common stock priced at the average closing price for the
20 trading days immediately prior to the redemption. The balance of $12,558,000, which includes $10,000,000 in principal, $1,968,000 in accrued interest and $590,000 in accrued estimated withholding tax has been reclassified to short-term
liabilities. 

(E)

Adjustment to eliminate Corvas deferred rent of $258,000. 

(F)

Adjustment to eliminate Corvas debt issuance costs of $70,000. 

(G)

Adjustment to eliminate Corvas historical stockholders equity. 

(H)

Issuance of Dendreon common stock whose value is equal to the product of approximately 12,416,000 shares multiplied by $5.06 per share, or $62,825,000, and the fair
value of stock options issued by Dendreon in exchange for Corvas vested stock options of $979,000 and unvested Corvas stock options of $2,648,000, totaling $3,627,000. 

(I)

Adjustment to record the deferred stock-based compensation of $419,000 and amortization related to unvested Corvas stock options assumed. Deferred compensation on
unvested options was based on the portion of the intrinsic value (fair value less the exercise price) at March 19, 2003 for Corvas options outstanding on February 24, 2003, related to the future vesting period based on an allocation of the intrinsic
value to the vested period and the remaining unvested period using the graded vesting approach. 



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED 

COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued)

(J)

Adjustment to reflect the allocation of the estimated negative goodwill of $11,467,000, arising from the combination, to offset amounts that otherwise would have
been assigned to property and equipment, $2,336,000; with the remaining balance of $9,131,000 reflected as an adjustment to accumulated deficit to reflect an extraordinary gain. The extraordinary gain has been excluded from the pro forma statement
of operations due to its non-recurring nature. 

(K)

Adjustment to record the amortization of non-cash deferred stock compensation expense related to Corvas unvested stock options assumed by Dendreon. The
preliminary estimate is based on an estimated four-year life using the graded vesting method. 

(L)

To record the elimination of Corvas historical depreciation expense associated with the carrying value of the property and equipment that was reduced to zero
due to the purchase price allocation referred to above. 

Note 3    
Pro Forma Loss Per Share

The pro forma combined share and net loss per share data was prepared using the fixed exchange ratio of 0.45 of a share of Dendreon common
stock for each share of Corvas common stock and the assumed issuance of up to approximately 12,416,000 shares of Dendreon common stock on January 1, 2002. The impact of outstanding stock options and convertible debt has been excluded from the
calculation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive. 



BUSINESS OF DENDREON 

Overview

Dendreon Corporation is dedicated to the
discovery and development of novel products for the treatment of diseases through its innovative manipulation of the immune system. Dendreons product pipeline is focused on cancer, and includes therapeutic vaccines, monoclonal antibodies and
small molecule product candidates. 

The product
candidates most advanced in development are therapeutic vaccines designed to stimulate a patients immunity for the treatment of cancer. Provenge is a therapeutic vaccine for the treatment of prostate cancer and is in Phase III clinical trials,
the final stage of human testing before seeking marketing approval. Mylovenge, Dendreons therapeutic vaccine for the treatment of multiple myeloma, is in Phase II clinical trials. APC8024, Dendreons therapeutic vaccine for the treatment
of HER-2/neu over-expressing breast, ovarian and colon cancers, is in Phase I trials. The company has additional therapeutic vaccines, monoclonal antibodies and small molecule product candidates in preclinical development for the treatment of
cancer. Dendreon also intends, over time, to pursue the application of its technologies in the field of autoimmune diseases and in other fields. 

Current Cancer Therapies 

Cancer is characterized by abnormal cells that proliferate uncontrollably and metastasize, or spread, throughout the body, producing
deposits of tumor cells, called metastases. These proliferating cells form masses called tumors. As the tumors grow, they cause tissue and organ failure and ultimately death. 

To be effective, therapy must eliminate or control the growth of the cancer both at its site of origin and at
sites of metastases. Metastatic disease is often responsible for the relapse and ultimate death of patients with cancer. Current treatments for cancer include surgery, radiation, hormone therapy and chemotherapy. Surgery and radiation therapy treat
cancer at its origin, but are limited because certain tissues cannot be removed surgically and/or do not tolerate radiation. Moreover, cancers frequently spread prior to detection, and surgery and radiation cannot control all metastases.
Chemotherapy and hormone therapy are frequently used to treat tumor metastases. However, these therapies can cause severe side effects, including damage to normal tissue. Additionally, chemotherapy and hormone therapy may shrink tumors, but rarely
eliminate them completely. 

Treatments known as
immunotherapy stimulate the bodys natural mechanism for fighting disease and may overcome many of the limitations of current cancer therapies. Immunotherapy may be particularly useful for the treatment of residual disease. 

The Immune System 

Antigens.
    The immune system,
the bodys natural defense against disease, is composed of a variety of specialized cells. These cells recognize specific chemical structures, called antigens, that are found on disease causing agents, including tumors. Antigens trigger an
immune response, which results in the eventual removal of antigen from the body. 

Cells of the Immune System.
    A specialized class of immune system cells, called antigen-presenting cells, start the immune response. The most potent antigen-presenting
cells are known as dendritic cells, which take up antigen from their surroundings and process the antigen into fragments that are recognized by specific classes of immune cells, called lymphocytes. During this antigen processing, dendritic cells
mature, enabling them to present the processed antigen to lymphocytes. There are two main categories of lymphocytes: B-lymphocytes, or B-cells, and T-lymphocytes, or T-cells. Each category of lymphocytes has a different role in the immune response.
T-cells combat disease by killing antigen bearing cells directly. In this way, T-cells eliminate cancers and virally infected tissue. T-cell immunity is also known as cell-mediated immunity and is commonly thought to be a key defense against tumors
and cells chronically infected by viruses. In contrast, activation of B-cells leads to the production of specific antibodies. The antibodies are secreted by B-cells and bind to antigen found on pathogens or tumor cells resulting in their
destruction. 



Tumor
Antigens.
    The immune system recognizes and generates a strong response to hundreds of thousands of different antigens introduced from the environment. Tumors, however, frequently display antigens that are also found on
normal cells. Thus, the immune system may not distinguish between tumors and normal cells and, therefore, may be unable to mount a strong anti-cancer response. Tumors may also actively prevent antigen-presenting cells from becoming mature, thereby
preventing full activation of the immune system. Thus, Dendreon believes one key to directing the immune system to fight cancers is to modify, or engineer, tumor antigens so that they are recognized by the immune system and to manipulate
antigen-presenting cells to stimulate a vigorous cell-mediated immunity. 

Monoclonal Antibodies.
    Naturally-occurring antibodies are proteins that are an essential component of the human immune system. They are produced in response to the presence of foreign antigens
in the body and are extremely specific. Each antibody binds to and attacks one particular type of antigen expressed on a cell, interfering with that cells activity or causing cell death. Monoclonal antibodies are manufactured antibodies that
share characteristics of naturally occurring antibodies. They may be created to recognize a specific antigen present on tumor cells, but not on healthy cells, and to bind to that antigen and cause the death of the tumor cell. Because each monoclonal
antibody targets only cells expressing a specific antigen, healthy cells may be unaffected, and many of the harsh side effects of conventional cancer therapies avoided. Monoclonal antibodies may be used alone or coupled with drugs or radioisotopes
in combination therapies that attack cancer cells in several ways. 

Dendreons Therapeutic Cancer Vaccine Approach 

Dendreon combines experience in antigen identification, antigen engineering and antigen-presenting cell processing to produce therapeutic cancer vaccines. Dendreons ability to both manipulate
antigen-presenting cells and engineer antigens allows it to develop vaccines that are designed to generate a cell-mediated immune response. The company has vaccines in development for many common cancers. Dendreons approach to therapeutic
cancer vaccines is to: 



identify antigens on cancer cells that are suitable targets for cancer therapy; 



create proprietary, genetically engineered Antigen Delivery Cassettes

 that will be optimally processed by antigen-presenting cells;



isolate and activate antigen-presenting cells using proprietary methods; and 



create cancer vaccines that combine antigen-presenting cells and engineered antigens to trigger a cell-mediated immune response to destroy tumors.

Antigen Identification

Dendreons objective is to identify
antigens associated with as broad a population of cancers as possible. The company obtains antigens from several sources: Dendreons internal discovery programs, public databases of genetic information and licenses from third parties.
Dendreons internal antigen discovery programs begin by identifying novel antigens expressed in specific tissues or in malignant cells. The company then evaluates the expression of these antigens in normal versus diseased tissue. Dendreon
considers the antigens that it finds localized in diseased tissue as candidates for antigen engineering. Likewise, Dendreon also considers antigens from external sources that meet these criteria. Dendreons lead product candidate, Provenge,
targets the prostate cancer antigen, prostatic acid phosphatase, or PAP. The antigen target for APC8024, Dendreons therapeutic vaccine in Phase I clinical trials for breast, ovarian and colon cancer, is HER-2/neu. In 2001, the company was
issued a patent on a gene designated trp-p8. The protein expressed by this gene is found on multiple cancers. Dendreon also has acquired through licenses, the opportunity to work with the tumor antigens designated carcinoembryonic antigen, or CEA,
carbonic anhydrase IX, or MN, and telomerase. 



Antigen
Engineering 

Dendreon engineers antigens to
produce proprietary therapeutic vaccines for multiple cancers. Dendreons antigen engineering is designed to trigger and maximize cell-mediated immunity by augmenting the uptake and processing of the target antigen by antigen-presenting cells.
The company can affect the quality and quantity of the immune response that is generated by adding, deleting or modifying selected sequences of the antigen gene, together with inserting the modified antigen into Dendreons Antigen Delivery
Cassette. 

Dendreons Antigen Delivery
Cassette is a protein that enhances antigen binding and entry into antigen-presenting cells. The Antigen Delivery Cassette targets each engineered antigen to a receptor on antigen-presenting cells and provides a common key to unlock the potential of
these cells to process antigen. 

The
antigen-presenting cell binding region is common to all of Dendreons Antigen Delivery Cassettes and has the capability to recognize the antigen-presenting cell and bind the cassette to the antigen-presenting cell surface. Binding stimulates
the antigen-presenting cell to engulf the cassette. The antigen-presenting cells process antigen along pathways that stimulate cell-mediated immunity. The antigen region of the Antigen Delivery Cassette thus gains access to processing by the
antigen-presenting cell that would otherwise be denied to non-engineered antigen. Dendreon believes this process results in a potent cell-mediated immune response. Dendreons Antigen Delivery Cassette technology also provides it with a
foundation on which new proprietary antigens are built. 

Antigen-Presenting Cell Processing And Vaccine Production 

Dendreons vaccine manufacturing process incorporates two elements: the Antigen Delivery Cassette and antigen-presenting cells. To obtain antigen-presenting cells, the company first removes white
blood cells from a patients blood through a standard blood collection process called leukapheresis. Antigen-presenting cells are then separated from other white blood cells using Dendreons proprietary cell separation technology. Dendreon
performs this process outside of the body, away from the immunosuppressive environment of tumor cells. The company believes that this allows the antigen-presenting cells to become fully mature and activated, leading to a more robust immune response.

The antigen-presenting cells are incubated with
the required concentration of Antigen Delivery Cassette under controlled conditions. After about 40 hours, the antigen-presenting cells are ready to be used as a vaccine. Each vaccine is subjected to quality control testing, including identity,
purity, potency, and safety testing, including sterility. Dendreons process requires less than three days from white blood cell collection to vaccine administration. 

Vaccine Delivery 

A vaccine dose is delivered as an intravenous infusion lasting about 30 minutes given as an outpatient procedure. Dendreons clinical
trials indicate that maximum stimulation requires three infusions given at two-week intervals. Patients in Dendreons trials typically complete a course of therapy in one month. 

Preclinical Product Candidates 

Dendreon has therapeutic monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases in
preclinical development. DN1924, Dendreons monoclonal antibody against HLA-DR positive malignancies, is in preclinical development for the treatment of leukemias and lymphomas such as Non-Hodgkins lymphoma, Hodgkins lymphoma, and
B-cell leukemia. In preclinical studies to date, DN1924 has been shown to induce cell death in cancer cells expressing HLA-DR, but has no effect on normal cells and does not suppress immune response. Dendreons monoclonal antibody, DN1921, is
in preclinical development for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis. In collaboration with Genentech, Inc., Dendreon is working to develop a monoclonal antibody to trp-p8, a gene discovered in Dendreons internal
discovery program, that is 



a potential treatment for soft tissue malignancies such as prostate, breast and colon cancer. The functional characteristics of trp-p8 also
make it a candidate for small molecule therapies. 

Small molecules are a diverse group of natural and synthetic substances that generally have a low molecular weight. They are either isolated from natural sources such as plants, fungi or microbes or they are synthesized by organic
chemistry. Most conventional pharmaceuticals, such as aspirin, penicillin and chemotherapeutics, are small molecules. Small molecules have many different uses, modes of action, and side effect profiles because there are many different classes of
small molecules. Ion channels, like trp-p8, that transport calcium through the cell membrane are one of many examples of molecular targets for manipulation by small molecules. Under its agreements with Genentech, Dendreon is primarily responsible
for preclinical development of a small molecule targeting trp-p8. 

The following table summarizes the target indications and status of Dendreons preclinical product development programs: 

Our Products and Product Candidates in Development 

Product

Target Indication(s)

Status

Product Candidates in Clinical Trials

Provenge

Androgen Independent Prostate cancer Androgen Dependent Prostate cancer

Phase III

Phase III

Mylovenge

Multiple myeloma

Amyloidosis

Phase II

APC8024

Breast cancer

Ovarian cancer

Colon cancer

Phase I

Product Candidates in Research and Development

Vaccine Targets

Trp-p8

Lung cancer, Breast cancer

Prostate cancer, Colon cancer

Preclinical

NY-ESO

Bladder cancer, Lung cancer

Breast cancer, Prostate cancer

Ovarian/Uterine cancer, Melanoma

Preclinical

CEA

Breast cancer, Lung cancer

Colon cancer

Preclinical

MN

Kidney cancer, Colon cancer

Cervical cancer

Preclinical

Telomerase

Multiple cancers

Preclinical

Monoclonal Antibodies

Trp-p8

Lung cancer, Breast cancer

Prostate cancer, Colon cancer

Preclinical

DN1924

Non-Hodgkins lymphoma

Hodgkins lymphoma

B-cell leukemias

Preclinical

DN1921

Autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis

Preclinical

Small Molecule

Trp-p8

Lung cancer, Breast cancer

Prostate cancer, Colon cancer

Preclinical

Products
Cell Separation Device

DACS

SC Kit

Blood stem cell preparation for transplantation

FDA Approved



Status
shown above is as of February 28, 2003.
    Preclinical means that a potential product is undergoing study and evaluation, including study in cell and animal disease models in preparation for potential human clinical trials.
Dendreon continues to undertake preclinical development work with respect to potential products that are in clinical trials. 

Phase I-III clinical trials denote safety and efficacy tests in humans as follows: 

Phase I: Evaluation of safety and dosing.

Phase II: Evaluation of safety
and efficacy. 

Phase III:
Definitive evaluation of safety and efficacy. 

Product
Candidates In Clinical Trials 

Provenge
for Prostate Cancer 

Prostate cancer is the
most common solid tumor malignancy in men in the United States with over one million currently diagnosed with this disease. The American Cancer Society estimates that, in the United States, prostate cancer was diagnosed in approximately 189,000 men
and that approximately 30,000 men died of the disease in 2002. 

The antigen component of Provenge is derived from the gene encoding a marker for prostate cancer, prostatic acid phosphatase, which is found in approximately 95% of prostate cancers. Dendreon has subjected prostatic acid phosphatase
to its antigen engineering process and created a proprietary Antigen Delivery Cassette. 

Dendreon initiated two double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase III clinical trials, D9901 and D9902, designed to demonstrate that Provenge is safe and effective for treating androgen independent
prostate cancer, or AIPC. Androgen independent means that tumor growth is no longer regulated by androgens, or male hormones, and that the disease has progressed to an advanced stage. Men with prostate cancer who are hormone resistant
are considered androgen independent. 

The results
from Dendreons first Phase III trial of Provenge, D9901, were announced in August 2002. The results did not meet the primary endpoint of the study, a pre-specified delay in the time to objective disease progression versus placebo in the
overall study population. However, the results demonstrated significant benefit from Provenge treatment for men with a Gleason score of 7 or less. For these patients, the probability of remaining progression free while on the study was over two
times higher than for patients treated with placebo. In patients with a Gleason score of 7 or less, the placebo group had a median time to disease progression of 9.0 weeks, compared to 16.0 weeks in the Provenge-treated group, with a highly
significant p-value of 0.002 and a treatment effect of 78%. In addition, the patients receiving Provenge, whose disease had not progressed six months after randomization, had a greater than eight-fold advantage in progression-free survival compared
to patients who received placebo (34.7% of Provenge patients versus 4% of placebo patients). No apparent benefit was observed among patients with Gleason scores of 8 or higher. A Gleason score is the most commonly used prostate cancer scoring system
and is considered one of the most important prognostic indicators for prostate cancer. High Gleason scores (8 or above) are indicative of aggressive cancers. In the androgen independent population, approximately 75% of the patients have a Gleason
score of 7 or less. 

In December 2002, Dendreon
announced additional results from D9901 indicating that, in addition to delaying the time to progression of disease, Provenge treatment delayed the onset of disease-related pain in patients with a Gleason score of 7 or less. Delay in the onset of
disease-related pain was the secondary endpoint of D9901, which enrolled only patients who did not have cancer-related pain at the time of entry into the study. In patients with a Gleason score of 7 or less, those receiving treatment with Provenge
remained pain free significantly longer than those receiving placebo (p=0.019). For patients with a Gleason score of 7 or less treated 



with Provenge, the probability of remaining free of cancer-related pain while on the study was over two-and-one-half times higher than for
patients treated with placebo. No apparent benefit in the pain endpoint was observed among patients with Gleason scores of 8 or higher. 

In light of the results from D9901, Dendreon met with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, to discuss Dendreons second
Phase III clinical trial for Provenge, D9902. Based upon those discussions, the protocol for D9902 has been revised to enroll only androgen independent prostate cancer patients with a Gleason score of 7 or less whose cancer has spread but who
otherwise are without symptoms. Dendreons plan for D9902, as amended, is that it will serve as the pivotal trial for seeking marketing approval for Provenge. Dendreon is currently engaged in discussions with pharmaceutical companies regarding
potential collaboration arrangements for the commercialization of Provenge. 

Dendreon is also currently conducting a Phase III clinical trial (P-11) of Provenge to evaluate its safety and potential effectiveness in treating men with early stage, androgen dependent prostate
cancer. Men with prostate cancer who are hormone sensitive are considered androgen dependent. 

Mylovenge for B-cell Malignancies: Multiple Myeloma and Amyloidosis 

In 2001, approximately 15,000 people were diagnosed with multiple myeloma, a cancer of the blood, and over 10,000 individuals died from
this disease in the United States. It accounts for approximately 10% of cancers of the blood. Amyloidosis is a disease related to multiple myeloma, afflicting approximately 2,500 individuals in the United States annually, and amyloidosis is fatal in
most cases. Mylovenge has received orphan drug designation from the FDA for the treatment of multiple myeloma. Dendreon is conducting Phase II clinical trials for Mylovenge, Dendreons therapeutic vaccine for the treatment of multiple myeloma
and amyloidosis. The company expects to complete these trials in the first half of 2003. At that time, Dendreon will be able to determine the future development of Mylovenge in light of the results of the Phase II trials, the prospects for potential
products being developed by competitors, and other relevant factors. 

APC8024 for Treatment of Breast, Ovarian and Colon Cancers 

APC8024 is Dendreons vaccine against tumors that have increased levels of a protein called HER-2/neu. Increased levels of this protein are found in approximately 25% of metastatic breast,
ovarian, and colon cancers. Dendreon has identified portions of the HER-2/neu molecule that stimulate a potent cell-mediated immune response in animal models when engineered into Dendreons Antigen Delivery Cassette. 

The company is conducting Phase I trials to evaluate APC8024
for the treatment of patients with tumors that over-express HER-2/neu. The trials examine different doses, schedules and formulations of APC8024 for safety and ability to stimulate immunity. Preliminary results from one of Dendreons Phase I
studies for APC8024 were announced in December 2002. The initial results indicate that APC8024 appears to be generally well-tolerated, stimulates immunity, and is showing signs of clinical benefit in patients with HER-2/neo positive breast cancer
that has spread. In this Phase I study, 16 women received treatment with APC8024. Of 11 patients evaluated, 5 patients had stable disease, and one patient had a partial response with a more than 50% reduction in tumor size. An immune response was
detected in all of the patients evaluated. Side effects were minor, consisting primarily of fever and chills following vaccine infusion 

Product Candidates In Research And Development 

Vaccine Targets 

Trp-p8 

The trp-p8 gene, and the protein encoded by this gene, is present on 100% of prostate cancers and approximately 71% of breast cancers, 93%
of colorectal cancers and 80% of lung cancers. Trp-p8 is the first gene 



generated from Dendreons internal antigen discovery program. A patent on the gene encoding trp-p8 was issued to Dendreon in 2001.
Dendreon plans to incorporate the trp-p8 antigen into its vaccine technology. 

    NY-ESO 

NY-ESO is a protein that is present on many cancers, including melanoma, breast, prostate, lung, ovarian/uterine and bladder cancers. Dendreon licensed the NY-ESO antigen from the Ludwig Cancer
Institute, where scientists performed a series of preclinical studies that demonstrated that NY-ESO is an appropriate immunotherapy target. Dendreon engineered the NY-ESO antigen into Dendreons Antigen Delivery Cassette. 

Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA) 

The carcinoembryonic antigen, or CEA, is present on 70% of
lung cancers, virtually all cases of colon cancers and approximately 65% of breast cancers. Dendreon licensed the CEA antigen from Bayer Corporation, Business Group Diagnostics. Dendreon plans to incorporate the CEA antigen into its vaccine
technology. 

Carbonic Anhydrase IX Antigen
(MN) 

MN antigen is a protein also known as
the carbonic anhydrase IX antigen. It is present on approximately 75% of cervical and colon cancers and 95% of renal cancers. Dendreon licensed the MN antigen from Bayer Corporation, Business Group Diagnostics, and plans to incorporate the MN
antigen into Dendreons vaccine technology. 

Telomerase 

The human
telomerase antigen, or hTERT, is present on approximately 80% of tumor samples. Dendreon licensed the hTERT antigen from Geron Corporation and plans to incorporate it into Dendreons vaccine technology. 

Additional Vaccine Products 

Dendreon believes that its vaccine technologies have
additional potential applications that, over time, the company may pursue in the fields of autoimmune diseases, allergies and infectious diseases. 

Monoclonal Antibodies 

Trp-p8 

Trp-p8, the protein encoded by the trp-p8 gene, is a voltage gated calcium ion channel. It displays numerous characteristics that make it
an attractive target for immunotherapy, as well as for small molecule drug therapy. In normal human tissues, trp-p8 is expressed predominantly in the prostate and is over-expressed in hyperplastic prostate. In cancerous tissues, trp-p8 is expressed
in cancers of the prostate, colon, lung and breast. The unique molecular characteristics of trp-p8 make it an attractive candidate as a therapeutic target for monoclonal antibodies, cancer vaccines and small molecules. In 2002, Dendreon entered into
a collaboration agreement with Genentech to discover and develop products targeting trp-p8. 

DN1924 Antibody for Treatment of Cancer 

DN1924 is Dendreons monoclonal antibody that targets a unique antigen called HLA-DR present on normal and malignant blood cells and causes the death of only malignant cells. The target for DN1924
is present on numerous blood-borne tumors, such as Hodgkins lymphoma, non-Hodgkins lymphoma, and B-cell leukemias. Current treatments for these cancers include chemotherapy, radiation, and high dose chemotherapy 



with stem cell transplantation, all of which are highly toxic. More recently, a monoclonal antibody, rituximab, has been approved for use in
some of these patients. It is directed to a different antigen than the antigen to which DN1924 binds. Preclinical studies suggest that DN1924 can kill human cancer cells without apparent toxicity or immune suppressive side effects. Furthermore,
these preclinical studies suggest that cancer cells may not develop resistance to this treatment over time. 

DN1921 Antibody for Treatment of Autoimmune Disease 

DN1921 is Dendreons monoclonal antibody that suppresses activities of the immune system. Autoimmune
diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis and pemphigus vulgaris, result from unwanted activities of the immune system. Current therapies include non-specific immune suppression by
corticosteroids, methotrexate and other drugs. Although these treatments may reduce tissue damage in some patients, they are not curative. 

DN1921 is specific for a well-known target for immunosuppression, HLA-DR. Previously, other companies have attempted to develop drugs that
target HLA-DR. Although those drugs usually suppressed immune response, they failed in preclinical studies due to unacceptable toxicity. Dendreon has observed that suppression of immune response and toxicity are mediated by two separate parts of the
antibody molecule. Dendreon is developing DN1921 to take advantage of this observation. DN1921 has shown encouraging immunosuppressive abilities in Dendreons preclinical studies without producing unacceptable levels of toxicity. 

Cell Separation Products 

Dendreon developed proprietary cell separation technology
that can be tailored for specific cell types. This technology consists of two components: specially engineered separation and wash containers and solutions called buoyant density solutions. Dendreon prepares its buoyant density solutions to match
the buoyant density of a particular cell type. By matching buoyant densities in this manner, it is able to control whether or not a specific cell type floats or sinks in the solution. This allows Dendreon to isolate the desired cells easily, rapidly
and without the need for the biological reagents used in conventional cell separation techniques. 

In 1996, Dendreon received a marketing authorization in the United States on a family of Dendreons solutions and separation devices.
In 1999, Dendreon obtained pre-marketing approval, or a PMA, from the FDA for its DACS SC kit. Dendreon uses its cell separation technology to isolate antigen-presenting cells for its cancer vaccines. 

Collaborations 

Kirin Brewery Co., Ltd. 

Kirin Brewery Co., Ltd., or Kirin, is Dendreons
collaborator for the development and marketing of its vaccines in Asia. Dendreon has granted Kirin an exclusive license to Dendreons proprietary antigen-presenting cell technology for the development and commercialization of Dendreons
vaccine products in Japan and other countries in Asia and Oceania. Dendreon also granted Kirin an option to obtain an exclusive license to commercialize in these countries other therapeutic vaccines it develops with Dendreons
antigen-presenting cell technology. In exchange, Kirin has granted Dendreon an option to obtain an exclusive license to commercialize in North America any products developed by Kirin under this agreement. In August 2001, Dendreon entered into a
memorandum agreement with Kirin modifying Dendreons agreements with Kirin. These modifications, including terms relating to the manufacture and supply of the antigen used in Provenge and the provision by Dendreon of additional development and
regulatory support, have been incorporated in amended and restated agreements, effective August 6, 2002. 



Dendreon
conducts collaborative research with Kirin. Under the terms of Dendreons agreements with Kirin, it is reimbursed by Kirin for research and development expenses pursuant to a mutually agreed plan. Dendreon also supplies Kirin with devices.
Dendreon and Kirin have also agreed to collaborate in the future clinical development and commercialization in the European Union of certain products jointly developed under their agreements and to share equally in any resulting profits.

Genentech, Inc. 

In August 2002, Dendreon entered into an agreement with
Genentech, Inc. to collaborate in the preclinical research, clinical development, and commercialization of monoclonal antibody and potentially other products derived from Dendreons trp-p8 gene platform. Dendreon will be jointly responsible
with Genentech for conducting preclinical and clinical work. Genentech will fund a majority of these expenses for products that reach Phase III clinical trials. Genentech will also be responsible for all manufacturing of resulting products. The
agreement provides for profit-sharing and commercialization in the United States. Genentech will be responsible for the commercialization of trp-p8 products in the rest of the world except Asia and Oceania, where Dendreon retains all development and
commercialization rights. 

Manufacturing 

Dendreon manufactures the Antigen Delivery Cassettes used to
conduct preclinical and clinical trials as recombinant proteins using standard production methods in compliance with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP. In March 2001, Dendreon contracted with Diosynth RTP, Inc., or Diosynth, to assist it
in the scale-up to commercial level production of the Antigen Delivery Cassette used in the preparation of Provenge. 

Dendreon owns and operate a cell-processing center in Seattle, Washington. In addition, it uses third-party cell-processing centers
operated by the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, the American Red Cross in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Progenitor Cell Therapy, or PCT, in Hackensack, New Jersey and Mountain View, California. In August 2002, Dendreon agreed to sell the cell
processing facility then owned by it in Mountain View, California to PCT. Under terms of the agreement, PCT pays a fee to Dendreon and assumed operational, lease and personnel obligations for the Mountain View facility. PCT will provide
cell-processing services at the facility for Dendreon as requested. 

Dendreon also manufactures cell separation devices that isolate cells from blood and other bodily fluids. Dendreon relies on subcontractors to manufacture these devices in compliance with cGMP. 



BUSINESS OF CORVAS 

Overview

Corvas is a biopharmaceutical company
focused on the development of new biotherapeutics that address large medical markets, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. In November 2002 Corvas initiated a Phase II clinical program for rNAPc2, a novel anticoagulant intended for the
treatment of people affected by acute coronary syndromes, which include unstable angina and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, or UA/NSTEMI. Corvas cancer research programs are focused on the development of new biotherapies,
including monoclonal antibodies and synthetic prodrugs, that target serine proteases associated with the growth and spread of cancerous tumors. 

Corvas core expertise is the design of drugs that inhibit, or otherwise modulate, enzymes known as serine proteases, which mediate a
variety of normal biological and disease processes. Corvas scientists employ their understanding of the molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying blood clotting and tumor growth towards the ultimate goal of developing therapeutics
administered by injection or taken in pill form that intervene at specific steps involved in disease processes. By targeting the molecular underpinnings of disease processes, Corvas strives to develop new drugs that have improved potency,
specificity and safety over currently available therapeutics. 

In support of this goal, Corvas has integrated expertise from both the traditional pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. These capabilities include gene expression and protein engineering, cellular, molecular and structural
biology, medicinal chemistry and pharmacology. Through the use of medicinal chemistry, Corvas has developed a new series of synthetic compounds that specifically deliver cytotoxic compounds to solid tumors following activation by serine proteases
located on the cell surface. This technology, known as Protease Activated Cancer Therapy, or PACT, has advanced through testing in animal models of human prostate and breast cancer and Corvas believes that this program will yield a clinical
candidate within the next 12-18 months. Corvas believes that coupling its PACT approach with its program to identify monoclonal antibodies directed against selected tumor-associated serine proteases will enable Corvas to efficiently select multiple
drug leads for targets throughout this important protease gene family. 

Corvas originally incorporated in California in 1987 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1993. Corvas executive offices are located at 3030 Science Park Road, San Diego, California 92121, and its telephone number is
(858) 455-9800. 
Corvas

 is a registered trademark and the Corvas logo is Corvas trademark. All other trademarks, trade names and product names referred to herein are
the property of their respective owners. 

Product Development
Programs 

The following is a summary of
Corvas principal product development programs: 

Product Candidate

Indication

Status

Collaborator

rNAPc2

Treatment of acute coronary syndromes, including unstable angina (UA) and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction
(NSTEMI)

Phase II study in UA/NSTEMI patients ongoing

Proprietary

Protease Activated Cancer Therapy (PACT)

Cancer

Preclinical; selection of development candidate expected within next 12-18 months

Proprietary

Membrane-bound Serine Protease Inhibitors

Cancer

Preclinical

Target discovery and lead identification (multiple)

Dyax for antibody, small protein and peptide inhibitors for 2 targets; Abgenix for antibodies against 2
targets

Urokinase (u-PA) Inhibitors

Cancer

Preclinical

Proprietary



In the table
above, the terms Corvas uses under the column titled Status have the following meanings: 

Target discovery
 is the identification of a protein implicated in the progression of the disease of interest that
may represent a target for new drug development. 

Lead identification
 is the identification of compounds that modulate the activity of the target. 

rNAPc2 

Recombinant nematode anticoagulant protein c2, or rNAPc2, is a novel and potent anticoagulant in clinical development for the prevention
and treatment of acute coronary syndromes, which include unstable angina, or UA, and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, or NSTEMI. Corvas originally discovered NAPc2, a natural form of the protein, in blood-feeding hookworms. rNAPc2 has
been evaluated in over 500 patients and healthy volunteers in several Phase I studies, Phase II trials for the prevention of deep vein thrombosis, or DVT, and pulmonary embolism, as well as a Phase IIa safety trial in low-risk patients undergoing
elective percutaneous coronary intervention, or PCI. Since many UA/NSTEMI patients receive medical intervention to open up clogged arteries, Corvas conducted this study to determine the safety of rNAPc2 in such circumstances. The data showed that
rNAPc2 appears to be safe and well tolerated in this patient population. Based upon this safety data, in November 2002, Corvas initiated a Phase II clinical program in UA/NSTEMI patients. 

Abnormal blood clot formation, or thrombosis, can reduce or completely block the flow of blood and oxygen
supply to vital organs, which can lead to serious clinical conditions. The formation of blood clots in one or more coronary arteries of the heart may result in UA/NSTEMI, which oftentimes progresses to myocardial infarction, or heart attack, if left
untreated. UA and NSTEMI are characterized by severe chest pain, even at rest, often the result of clogged coronary arteries. 

Blood clot formation is a normal repair mechanism that the body uses to recover from damage to blood vessels resulting from cuts, bruises
or disease. The formation of a blood clot results from a complex series of biochemical events known as the blood coagulation cascade, which involves enzymes called serine proteases, cellular fragments called platelets and other proteins in blood.

The coagulation cascade is most often triggered
when there is damage or disruption to the lining of the blood vessel wall, or endothelium. This damage or disruption exposes the protein Tissue Factor, or TF, to the blood, allowing the serine protease Factor VIIa, which circulates freely in the
blood, to bind to TF. The resulting Factor VIIa/Tissue Factor complex, or FVIIa/TF, is the initial trigger of the coagulation cascade and promotes the formation of another serine protease Factor Xa. Factor Xa causes the formation of the key serine
protease thrombin. Thrombin then cleaves the protein fibrinogen into fibrin and activates platelets in the blood, which stick to each other and to the fibrin matrix, to form a blood clot in the damaged blood vessel. The resulting blood clot blocks
blood flow and oxygen delivery to heart tissues, causing severe chest pain. 

The blood coagulation cascade is characterized by exponential amplification, starting with a small number of FVIIa/TF complexes and culminating in the formation of millions of thrombin molecules.
Recombinant NAPc2 inhibits FVIIa/TF, thereby preventing the formation of thrombin. Corvas believes that inhibiting the relatively few FVIIa/TF complexes early in the cascade may have significant safety and efficacy advantages over other
anticoagulant strategies including indirect thrombin inhibitors such as unfractionated heparins and low molecular weight heparins, or LMWH, as well as direct thrombin inhibitors such as Angiomax, all of which target thrombin late in the cascade
after amplification has occurred. 

Results from
Corvas Phase II open-label dose-ranging trial in 292 patients undergoing elective unilateral knee replacement surgery demonstrated that rNAPc2 appeared to reduce the risk of developing DVT and related complications by greater than 50% compared
to the current standard therapy of unfractionated LMWH without compromising safety. Based on an end-of-Phase II meeting and subsequent communications with the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, Corvas concluded that an additional Phase II trial
for DVT would be required to firmly establish a more commercially viable fixed dosing regimen. Although Corvas continues to believe that 



rNAPc2 is a safe and effective therapy for the prevention of DVT, Corvas made a decision in October 2001 to focus the clinical development of
rNAPc2 on unstable coronary syndromes, which Corvas believes is more commercially viable based on both the time to market and the rapidly-changing commercial environment in the DVT prophylaxis arena. Future clinical development of rNAPc2 in DVT will
depend on securing an appropriate development partner. 

Market Opportunity
.    It is estimated that there are over 1.4 million hospitalizations for UA/NSTEMI each year in the United States alone. Historically, UA/NSTEMI has been treated with aspirin plus LMWH or
unfractionated heparin. Recent guidelines have recommended that nearly all patients receive the antiplatelet agent Plavix in addition to the historical standard of care. Corvas is developing rNAPc2 to be added to the current standard of care
therapies. In moderate to high-risk patients with severe coronary artery disease, UA/NSTEMI may be treated with interventions such as PCI, which includes percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, or PTCA, and stent placement. Patients may also
undergo coronary arterial bypass grafting or bypass surgery. In some cases, these patients may then receive antiplatelet drugs such as glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonists like ReoPro, Integrelin or Aggrastat. Traditional therapies are not completely
effective; it is estimated that 8-15% of UA/NSTEMI patients will require additional PCI, suffer a heart attack or chest pain, or die within 30 days of hospital admission despite treatment with the current standard and use of an early interventional
approach. By blocking the first step in the formation of a blood clot, Corvas believes rNAPc2 may afford significant clinical benefit in high-risk patients with UA/NSTEMI when administered in combination with LMWH and aspirin, which work at later
steps of the coagulation cascade. 

Development
Status
.    In order to establish the safety of rNAPc2 prior to initiating clinical trials in patients with unstable angina, Corvas completed a double-blinded, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging Phase IIa study in patients
undergoing elective PCI. In this trial, patients were randomized to receive either rNAPc2 or placebo with unfractionated heparin, aspirin and, in most cases, Plavix. The primary goal of the study was to assess safety as measured by femoral, or
groin, compression time, which is a measure of the extent of bleeding at the surgical site used for placement of the coronary catheter. The Phase IIa results indicate that rNAPc2 appears to be safe and well tolerated in this patient population and
that, in contrast to standard therapy with unfractioned heparin, aspirin and Plavix alone, rNAPc2 was shown to be more effective in suppressing the formation of thrombin in this elective PCI patient population. 

Based on the safety data obtained in this Phase IIa trial, in
November 2002 Corvas initiated a double-blinded, placebo-controlled Phase II clinical program of rNAPc2 in unstable angina patients. This trial, referred to as the 
A
nticoagulation with 
N
APc2 
T
o 
H
elp 
E
liminate

M
ACE (ANTHEM/TIMI-32), is being coordinated with the help of the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction, or TIMI, Group led by Dr. Eugene Braunwald of Brigham and Womens Hospital and Harvard Medical School. The TIMI Group has been
performing clinical research in patients suffering from acute coronary syndromes since 1984. The ANTHEM/TIMI-32 Phase II program is composed of three parts. Corvas will have an opportunity to decide whether to proceed with the trial following the
conclusion of each part based on an evaluation of safety and efficacy. The first part, which is ongoing, is a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging trial which is designed to determine the safety of intravenously administered
rNAPc2 in moderate to high-risk UA/NSTEMI patients undergoing PCI. This part is intended to sequentially enroll 125 patients at clinical centers in the United States randomized to either placebo or one of five rNAPc2 dose groups starting at 1.5
micrograms per kilogram of body weight increasing to 5.0 micrograms per kilogram. All patients will receive the low molecular weight heparin enoxaparin, or Lovenox, and aspirin, with the use of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonists and Plavix determined
by the attending physician. The primary objective of this portion of the trial is to determine a safe dose range for rNAPc2 in these patients using established and accepted criteria for bleeding. During the first part of this program, Corvas will
measure efficacy by the incidence of ischemic events as determined from seven day continuous electrocardiographic monitoring using portable Holter devices. 

The second and third parts of the ANTHEM/TIMI-32 program, which will follow the first part assuming favorable clinical results, are
intended to focus on a broader patient population in both North America and 



Europe and will include moderate to high-risk patients that are not subject to an early interventional treatment strategy such as PCI. The
primary efficacy endpoint for these subsequent phases of the clinical program are planned to be ischemic events measured using Holter monitors and clinical events including death, myocardial infarction and recurrent ischemia requiring
re-hospitalization. This entire clinical program, which is expected to enroll 1,525 patients, is scheduled to take 18-24 months to complete. 

Protease Modulation Discovery and Development Programs for Cancer 

Corvas is pursuing a new approach to the discovery and
development of cancer therapeutics by targeting the serine protease gene family for drug discovery. Through its research on serine proteases involved in cardiovascular and viral disease, Corvas has built a resident expertise in the understanding of
serine protease biology and the design of synthetic small molecules that inhibit, or otherwise modulate, the activity of this protease family. In addition to protein drugs like rNAPc2 and small molecule inhibitors of the hepatitis C NS3A serine
protease developed with Schering-Plough, Corvas has developed core capabilities in the area of protease inhibition based on its fundamental understanding of serine protease structure and function. Serine proteases constitute the largest protease
gene family in the human genome and have well-established roles in biological processes such as blood coagulation. The potential role serine proteases may play in the growth and progression of solid tumors is now emerging, and Corvas believes that
it is well positioned to exploit this knowledge for the development of novel anti-cancer agents. 

Proteases are proteins that act as molecular scissors to cleave other proteins to activate or inactivate them, and are responsible for regulating normal cellular function. The maintenance of normal
health requires that the activity of proteases be tightly controlled. Excessive or deficient protease activity underlies many serious diseases in humans, including cardiovascular disease, cancer and many infectious diseases. 

The growth and progression of human tumors involve different
proteases at multiple stages during these processes. Serine proteases are thought to be important for tumor cell growth directly and through the modulation of growth factors required for tumor growth. In addition, serine proteases have been shown to
indirectly support tumor cell growth through their effects on the network of blood vessels that is essential for tumor survival, a process known as angiogenesis. Corvas is focused on the development of drugs that suppress the growth of primary and
secondary solid tumors by inhibiting known and novel key serine proteases involved in cancer processes. Corvas employs an integrated approach to drug discovery that spans the discovery of serine proteases as cancer targets, the design and
optimization of lead monoclonal antibody candidates against selected targets, and the subsequent validation of lead molecules in animal models of cancer. 

Corvas uses functional genomics to discover and validate serine protease targets, which includes initially cloning the full-length gene
sequence and producing the functional domain or active portion of the protease as a recombinant enzyme. Using the recombinant enzymes, Corvas has established automated assays to select monoclonal antibodies and small protein inhibitors in
collaboration with external partners Dyax Corp. and Abgenix, Inc. In addition, Corvas has determined the three-dimensional structure of several serine proteases complexed with lead small molecule inhibitors that were developed early in the program.
Corvas discontinued its small molecule development program in July 2002 as part of the realignment of its programs. Corvas believes that this proprietary structural information will facilitate the optimization of drug candidates in collaboration
with an appropriate partner using computer-aided drug design technologies that may be applicable to multiple targets across the serine protease gene family due to the similarities in their three-dimensional structure. 

In April 2002, Corvas entered into an exclusive collaboration
agreement with Abgenix to discover, develop and commercialize fully-human monoclonal antibodies against two selected antigens from its portfolio of membrane-bound serine proteases. Under the terms of the collaboration, Abgenix will use its human
antibody technologies to generate and select antibodies against the Corvas targets. Both companies will have the right to co-develop and commercialize, or, if co-development is not elected, to solely develop and commercialize any antibody products
discovered during the collaboration. Both companies will share equally in the product development costs and any profits from sales of products successfully commercialized from any co-development efforts. 



In September
2001, Corvas entered into a strategic alliance with Dyax to discover, develop and commercialize antibody, small protein and peptide inhibitors for two targets that Corvas isolated and characterized. Under the terms of this agreement, both companies
will jointly develop any inhibitory agents that may be identified and will share commercialization rights and profits, if any, from any marketed products. Corvas believes that such joint development efforts may help maximize the potential of its
serine protease approach to combat cancer by enabling a more rapid validation of these potential cancer targets and by providing additional sources of potential lead drug candidates to advance into clinical testing. 

Corvas has also entered into a research and exclusive license
agreement with Georgetown University related to Georgetowns intellectual property for matriptase, a novel serine protease cancer target implicated in several solid tumors including breast and prostate cancer. In the event that Corvas develops
and commercializes any products covered by Georgetowns intellectual property, Corvas would be required to make milestone and royalty payments. Corvas may enter into additional collaborative relationships to complement its resident expertise in
protease modulation and help advance its cancer programs into the clinic. 

Protease Activated Cancer Therapy (PACT) Program
.
    Corvas has developed a strategy that exploits, rather than blocks, the activity of proteases on the surface of tumor cells. The goal of
this prodrug approach is to deliver a potent cytotoxic, or cell-killing, drug directly to the tumor cells, thereby sparing healthy tissue from the toxic treatment. This program, called PACT, involves the design of synthetic molecules composed of a
sequence of amino acids that are recognized by a targeted serine protease. This sequence of amino acids is chemically attached to a known cancer chemotherapeutic or cytotoxic drug such as doxorubicin, or dox, yielding a hybrid or conjugate molecule.
Corvas believes that its PACT approach will reduce damage to normal, non-tumor cells because the sequence of attached amino acids will prevent the cytotoxic drug from entering the normal cells where it could cause its lethal effects. In contrast,
with the PACT approach a solid tumor should be more susceptible to the cytotoxic drug because the serine proteases in the tumor cells should free the cytotoxic drug in the vicinity of the tumor cell. Once free, the cytotoxic drug can enter into the
tumor cell and kill it. Corvas believes that this strategy of using the conjugate molecules will result in fewer side effects compared to cytotoxic drugs alone, many of which are in widespread use today. 

Corvas has synthesized several different classes of conjugate
molecules that have shown protease-specific liberation of the cytotoxic drug in cell culture. In addition, Corvas has conducted extensive studies in mouse xenograft models of human prostate cancer. These models are commonly used to evaluate
potential anti-tumor drugs prior to clinical development. In its animal studies, Corvas has shown that its PACT approach enhanced uptake of the cytotoxic drug dox in several different human prostate tumors using its conjugate strategy in comparison
to the use of dox alone. In addition, Corvas has shown significant anti-tumor activity with several of its lead PACT compounds with fewer overall toxic side effects compared to dox alone. Corvas expects to select a PACT clinical development
candidate within the next 12-18 months, with clinical trials expected to begin in 2004. 

Membrane-bound Serine Protease Inhibitor Program
.
    Corvas also has a cancer program based on an emerging class of membrane-bound proteases which have been implicated
in supporting the growth and progression of several types of solid tumors including prostate, breast, ovarian and colorectal cancers. Certain membrane-bound serine proteases have been shown to activate growth factors that are thought to promote the
metastatic spread and establishment of tumor cells, as well as formation of new blood vessels, a process called angiogenesis, that nourish tumor cells and the growing tumor mass. Unlike most proteases, which are either secreted from or retained in
the cell, membrane-bound serine proteases are located on the cell surface of the tumor cell. This confined location may offer a unique opportunity to target cancer treatments directly to diseased tumor cells, thereby avoiding damage to healthy cells
and tissues, which is a serious problem associated with many current therapies including radiation and chemotherapy. 

With its collaborators at the Max-Planck Institute for Biochemistry in Germany, Corvas published the three-dimensional structure of
matriptase, which represents the first structural characterization of this emerging class 



of cancer-associated transmembrane serine proteases. Corvas has used matriptase as a target itself for the development of monoclonal
antibodies. In addition Corvas has also used a potent, specific small molecule inhibitor of matriptase developed in its now-discontinued small molecule program in experimental models of late-stage, human prostate cancer. The reported animal data
demonstrates the anti-tumor effects of selective matriptase inhibition, which is an important step in validating this serine protease as a potential cancer target. In addition, Corvas has cloned close to 30 genes encoding a growing number of members
of this protease family from human cancer tissue or cell lines, as well as from human endothelial cells. Endothelial cells are key participants in supporting tumor growth through angiogenesis. 

Urokinase Plasminogen Activator (u-PA) Inhibitor Program.
Urokinase is a serine protease that has been implicated in the growth and progression of certain solid tumors in the breast, ovary, colon and prostate. This serine protease facilitates angiogenesis and the survival of metastatic tumors in organs and
tissues distant from the primary tumor. Corvas has a portfolio of potent and selective inhibitors of urokinase plasminogen activator, or u-PA, developed prior to the discontinuance of its small molecule programs. Corvas may collaborate with others
on the development of these inhibitors as anti-tumor agents. In addition, Corvas has also designed highly selective and potent monoclonal antibodies that have been shown to slow tumor growth in animal models. 

Market Opportunity
.    Cancer is
the second leading cause of death in the United States, following heart disease. Breast and prostate cancer, Corvas initial therapeutic focus areas, represent two of the largest cancer markets today, each accounting for over 180,000 new cases
every year in the United States alone. It is estimated that over 1.1 million new cases of solid tumor cancers, including breast, prostate, ovarian and colorectal cancer, are diagnosed annually in the United States. Despite recent product
introductions, Corvas believes that physicians and patients are unsatisfied with currently available cancer treatments, presenting opportunities for companies like Corvas to develop more effective treatments. 

Other Programs 

Hepatitis C License.
    Corvas has
collaborated with Schering-Plough to identify and optimize lead synthetic compounds for the inhibition of the key serine protease involved in the replication of the hepatitis C virus. Schering-Plough has exclusive rights to develop and commercialize
products resulting from this collaboration, if any. Corvas has no further responsibility for this program and would receive royalties on certain products that are commercialized by Schering-Plough under the license, if any. However, Schering-Plough
has no obligation to pursue the commercialization of any products under this agreement, and Corvas has no information on the status of ongoing efforts, if any. 

rNIF.
    As with rNAPc2, Corvas discovered recombinant neutrophil inhibitory factor, or rNIF, from
blood-feeding hookworms. In 1997, Corvas licensed to Pfizer this anti-inflammatory agent, which was being developed for reperfusion injury associated with ischemic stroke. Based on results from a Phase IIb clinical trial, Pfizer terminated this
collaboration in June 2002 and returned all rights to Corvas. Based on the favorable safety profile that was obtained from several Phase I and two Phase II studies of more than 2,000 patients and volunteers conducted by Pfizer, Corvas has been
investigating alternative clinical indications for rNIF. Corvas believes there may be alternative uses for rNIF in the treatment of acute inflammation that has been implicated in several cardiovascular indications including cardiopulmonary bypass
surgery. Corvas is planning to investigate these alternative opportunities for rNIF in relevant preclinical models prior to making any decisions to move forward with the development of this compound. In addition to its safety profile, Corvas has a
well-defined, proprietary manufacturing process that would be used to develop rNIF for alternative indications. 

Strategy 

In the event that Corvas continues as a stand-alone company, its objective is to build a profitable, fully integrated biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of new biotherapeutics that address large markets, including
cardiovascular disease and cancer. Corvas strategy involves the generation of a revenue 



stream by completing the development and commercialization of its rNAPc2 cardiovascular product candidate currently in clinical trials,
ultimately with the support of strategic alliances. Corvas internal growth will focus on the advancement of its cancer pipeline through its own internal drug discovery and development efforts, strategic partnerships and opportunistic
acquisitions of complementary technologies, products or companies that are consistent with its growth objectives. The key elements of Corvas strategy to accomplish this objective are to: 



Advance the development of rNAPc2.
    Corvas intends to continue the development of rNAPc2 for the treatment of acute coronary syndromes,
which include UA/NSTEMI. In order to maximize the value of rNAPc2 and reduce its cash requirements for clinical trials, Corvas may enter into one or more appropriate strategic partnerships for the commercialization of this drug following either the
completion of any of the parts of the ongoing ANTHEM/TIMI-32 trial or following completion of the entire trial. 



Discover and develop novel therapeutics for solid tumor cancer.
    Corvas plans to use its expertise in modulating protease activity to
discover and develop a new generation of drugs for treating solid tumors focused on exploiting known and novel serine protease targets. Corvas expects its initial product candidate to come from its PACT program. Corvas will also focus on developing
product candidates based on monoclonal antibodies through external collaborations such as Dyax and Abgenix. Corvas selected this therapeutic area due to its large market size and unmet medical need, the potential for expedited review by the FDA, and
the smaller and, oftentimes, less expensive clinical trials required for the commercialization of cancer drugs. Corvas also believes it can effectively build an internal sales force to commercialize any cancer products it may develop due to the
relatively small number of treating physicians in oncology. 



Form corporate collaborations to support the development and commercialization of Corvas products.
    Corvas intends to continue to
pursue collaborations to expand its product development capabilities. Corvas believes that collaborations will be particularly useful for the development of products with a large target market where clinical development and commercialization efforts
will require a very substantial investment of financial and human resources. Corvas believes that by entering into collaborations with respect to selected programs, it also creates the potential for multiple sources of revenue and diversify its
scientific and financial risk. 



Acquire complementary products, technologies or companies, or combine with another company
.    Corvas strategy of seeking to expand
on its internal development efforts by in-licensing or acquiring potential products or technologies developed by third parties or acquiring complementary businesses led Corvas to execute the definitive merger agreement with Dendreon. If this merger
is not completed for any reason, Corvas would re-access this strategy. 

Patents and Proprietary Rights 

Corvas believes that patents, trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary rights are important to its business. Corvas relies on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities to develop
and maintain its competitive position. Corvas success will depend in part on its ability to obtain additional patents, maintain trade secrets and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, both in the United States and other
countries. Corvas periodically files patent applications to protect the technology, inventions and improvements that may be important to the development of its business. 

Corvas strategy is to file applications as appropriate for patents covering both its products and
processes. As of February 28, 2003, Corvas has 68 issued U.S. patents and have received Notices of Allowance for three U.S. patent applications that have not yet issued as patents. Corvas issued patents and patent applications include claims
directed to potential pharmaceutical compounds, such as rNAPc2, rNIF and protease inhibitors, to methods of making the compounds and for treating specific diseases using the compound. Corvas has filed approximately 46 additional patent applications
that currently are pending in the U.S. Patent and Trademark 



Office. Most of these patent applications relate to its cancer programs and are directed to novel protease targets, novel pharmaceutical
compounds which modulate these protease targets, methods of identifying such pharmaceutical compounds and methods of treating specific diseases by modulating these protease targets with novel or known pharmaceutical compounds. Corvas has filed
foreign counterparts to some of its issued patents and patent applications in many countries. Generally, it is Corvas policy to file foreign counterparts in countries with significant pharmaceutical markets. Some of these foreign counterparts
have issued as patents or have been allowed. Corvas continues to actively seek patent protection for these related technologies in the United States and foreign countries. 

Under the terms of Corvas collaborations, third parties may have rights to patents owned by Corvas as
specified under applicable agreements. It is possible that a patent will not issue from any of Corvas owned or licensed patent applications, and the breadth or scope of protection allowed under any issued patents may not provide adequate
protection to protect its products. In addition, any patents that Corvas owns may be challenged and invalidated by a third party or circumvented, and any rights granted to Corvas may not provide adequate protection. 

Corvas also relies on trade secrets and contractual
arrangements to protect its trade secrets. Much of the know-how important to Corvas technology and many of its processes are dependent upon the knowledge, experience and skills of its key scientific and technical personnel and are not the
subject of pending patent applications or issued patents. To protect its rights to know-how and technology, Corvas requires all of its employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements with Corvas that
prohibit the unauthorized use of, and restrict the disclosure of, confidential information, and require disclosure and assignment to Corvas during the term of their employment of their ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions related to the
services that they perform for Corvas. 

In the
past, some of Corvas research has been funded in part by grants from the U.S. government. As a result of this funding, the government has rights to any technology, including inventions, developed with the funding. These rights include the
grant of a non-exclusive, paid-up, worldwide license to related inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the government has the right to require Corvas to grant an exclusive license to any of these inventions to a third party if the
government determines that: 



adequate steps have not been taken to commercialize those inventions; 



the license is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; and 



the license is necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations. 

Federal law requires any licensor of an invention that was partially funded by federal grants to obtain a
covenant from its exclusive licensee to manufacture any products using the invention in the United States. In addition, Corvas licenses may also relate to technology developed with federal funding and, therefore, may also be subject to rights
held by the government. 

Government Regulation

Research, preclinical development, clinical
trials, manufacturing and marketing activities are subject to regulation for safety, efficacy and quality by numerous governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. In the United States, drugs are subject to rigorous FDA
regulation. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion
of Corvas products. Product development and approval within this regulatory framework take a number of years and involve substantial resources. 



The steps
required before a pharmaceutical agent may be marketed in the United States include: 



preclinical laboratory tests, animal pharmacology and toxicology studies, and formulation studies; 



the submission of an investigational new drug application, or an IND, to the FDA for human clinical testing, which may be reviewed by the FDA before human clinical
trials may commence; 



the carrying out of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials must be conducted by Corvas or its collaborators to establish the safety and efficacy of the
drug candidate; 



the submission of a new drug application to the FDA; and 



FDA approval of the new drug application to allow Corvas to conduct any commercial sale or shipment of the drug. 

In addition to obtaining FDA approval for each product, each
domestic drug manufacturing establishment must be registered with the FDA. Domestic drug manufacturing establishments are subject to regular inspections by the FDA and must comply with FDA regulations. To supply products for use in the United
States, foreign manufacturing establishments must also comply with FDA regulations and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA, or by corresponding regulatory agencies in their home countries under reciprocal agreements with the FDA.

Preclinical studies include the laboratory
evaluation of in vitro pharmacology, product chemistry and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and efficacy of a product. Compounds must be formulated according to the FDAs regulations on Good Manufacturing
Practices and preclinical safety tests must be conducted by laboratories that comply with FDA regulations regarding Good Laboratory Practices. The results of the preclinical tests are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND and are reviewed by the
FDA before human clinical trials may begin. The IND must also contain protocols for any clinical trials that will be carried out. If the FDA does not object to an IND, the IND becomes effective 30 days following its receipt by the FDA. At any time
during this 30 day waiting period or at any time thereafter, the FDA may halt proposed or ongoing clinical trials until the agency authorizes trials under specified terms. Such a halt, called a clinical hold, continues in effect unless and until the
FDAs concerns are adequately addressed. In some cases, clinical holds are never lifted. Imposition by the FDA of a clinical hold can delay or preclude further product development. The IND process may be extremely costly and may substantially
delay product development. 

Clinical trials must
be sponsored and conducted in accordance with good clinical practice under protocols and methodologies that: 



ensure receipt of signed consents from participants that inform them of risks; 



detail the protocol and objectives of the study; 



detail the parameters to be used to monitor safety; and 



detail the efficacy criteria to be evaluated. 

Furthermore, each clinical study must be conducted under the supervision of a principal investigator operating under the auspices of an
Institutional Review Board, or IRB, at the institution where the study is conducted. The IRB will consider, among other things, ethical factors, the safety of human subjects and the possible liability of the institution. Sponsors, investigators and
IRB members are obligated to avoid conflicts of interests and ensure compliance with all legal requirements. 

Clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases. In Phase I, the initial introduction of the drug into a small number
of patients or healthy volunteers is undertaken. The drug is evaluated for safety by assessing the adverse effects, dosage tolerance, metabolism, distribution, excretion and clinical pharmacology. The Phase I trial must provide pharmacological data
that is sufficient to devise the Phase II trials. 



Phase II
trials involve studies in a larger, yet limited, patient population in order to: 



obtain initial indications of the efficacy of the drug for specific, targeted indications; 



determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage; and 



identify possible adverse affects and safety risks. 

When a compound is determined preliminarily to be effective and to have an acceptable safety profile in Phase Il evaluation, Phase III
trials can be undertaken to evaluate safety and efficacy endpoints further in expanded patient populations at geographically diverse clinical trial sites. Positive results in Phase II trials are no guarantee of positive results in Phase III.

The results of the pharmaceutical development,
preclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA in the form of a new drug application, which must be complete, accurate and in compliance with FDA regulations. The approval of a new drug application permits commercial-scale
manufacturing, marketing, distribution, exporting from the United States and sale of the drug in the United States. The testing and approval process typically requires substantial time, effort and expense. The FDA may deny a new drug application
filed by Corvas or its collaborators if the applicable scientific and regulatory criteria are not satisfied and thus, Corvas may not be able to manufacture and sell the product in the United States. Moreover, the FDA may require additional testing
or information, or may require post-approval testing, surveillance and reporting to monitor the products. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the FDA may ultimately decide that a new drug application filed by Corvas or its collaborators does not
meet the applicable agency standards and, even if approval is granted, it can be limited or revoked if evidence subsequently emerges casting doubt on the safety or efficacy of a product or if the manufacturing facility, processes or controls do not
comply with regulatory standards. Finally, an approval may include limitations on the uses, labeling, dosage forms, distribution and packaging of the product. 

Among the conditions for new drug approval is the requirement that the prospective manufacturers quality control, record keeping,
notifications and reporting, and manufacturing systems conform to the FDAs regulations on current Good Manufacturing Practices. In complying with the standards contained in these regulations, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money,
resources and effort in order to ensure compliance. 

Outside the United States, Corvas ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authority. This foreign regulatory approval process includes many of the same
steps associated with FDA approval described above. 

In addition to regulations enforced by the FDA, Corvas is subject to regulation under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act and other present and future federal, state or local regulations. Corvas research and development activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals and various radioactive compounds. Although Corvas believes that its
safety procedures for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards prescribed by state and federal regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be completely eliminated. In the event
of an accident, Corvas could be liable for any damages that may result. 

Competition 

Due to the
high incidence of cardiovascular disease and cancer, most, if not all, of the major pharmaceutical companies have significant research and product development programs in these areas. Corvas expects to encounter significant competition both in the
United States and in foreign markets for each of the drugs Corvas seeks to develop. Several existing products have well-established market positions and there are a number of new products in advanced clinical development. If commercialized, the
success of rNAPc2 will depend upon 



cardiologists accepting the drug as part of the current standard of care for the acute treatment of UA/NSTEMI. Many biotechnology and
pharmaceutical companies are focused on the development of drugs to treat cancer, and Corvas expects that any products it develops may compete against todays standard treatments and any potential new drugs that are currently under development.

Corvas competitors include
fully-integrated pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies both in the United States and in foreign markets which have expertise in research and development, manufacturing processes, testing, obtaining regulatory clearances and marketing, and may
have significantly greater financial and other resources than Corvas does. Smaller companies may also prove to be significant competitors. Academic institutions, U.S. and foreign government agencies and other public and private research
organizations conduct research relating to diseases Corvas targets, and may develop products for the treatment of these diseases that may compete directly with any Corvas develops. Corvas competitors may also compete with it for
collaborations. In addition, these companies and institutions compete with Corvas in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific personnel. 

Corvas competition will be determined, in part, by the potential indications that are ultimately cleared for marketing by regulatory
authorities, by the timing of any clearances and market introductions and by whether any currently available drugs, or drugs under development by others, are effective in the same indications. Accordingly, the relative speed with which Corvas can
develop product candidates, complete the clinical trials, receive regulatory approval and supply commercial quantities of the products to the market is expected to be an important competitive factor. Corvas expects that competition among products
approved for sale will be based, among other things, on product efficacy, safety, reliability, availability, price and patent position. Corvas competitive position also depends on its ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, obtain
protection for its proprietary products and processes, and secure sufficient capital resources. 

Employees 

As of February 28, 2003, Corvas employed 55 individuals on a full-time basis, of which 14 hold Ph.D. degrees. A significant number of Corvas management and professional employees have had prior experience with
pharmaceutical, biotechnology or medical product companies. None of Corvas employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement. All of its employees are covered by confidentiality agreements, and three of its officers have employment
contracts. Corvas believes that its relationship with employees is good. 



CORVAS MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF CORVAS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Corvas financial statements and related notes and the
other financial information included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Corvas actual results could differ materially from the results
contemplated by these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus, particularly under the heading Risk Factors. 

Overview 

Corvas is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of new biotherapeutics that address large
medical markets, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. In November 2002 Corvas initiated a Phase II clinical program for rNAPc2 in patients with acute coronary syndromes, which include unstable angina and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial
infarction, or UA/NSTEMI. Corvas cancer research programs are focused on the development of new biotherapies, including monoclonal antibodies and synthetic prodrugs, that target serine proteases associated with the growth and spread of
cancerous tumors. 

All of the projections, trends
and forward-looking statements included herein are based on Corvas operating as a stand-alone entity. In the event that the proposed combination is completed, these projections, trends and forward-looking statements will likely change, and the
changes may be significant. 

Corvas currently has
no products for sale and is focused on research and development and clinical trial activities. Corvas has not been profitable on an annual basis since inception and anticipates that it will incur substantial additional operating losses over the next
several years as it progresses in its cardiovascular and cancer programs. To date, Corvas funded its operations primarily through the sale of equity and debt securities, payments received from collaborators and interest income. At December 31, 2002,
Corvas had an accumulated deficit of $146.2 million. Unless Corvas enters into any new collaborative agreements that include funding for research and development or funding for the continued development of its drug candidates, Corvas expects that
its major source of income, if any, for the next several years will continue to primarily be interest income. Corvas may not enter into any additional collaborative agreements and may not recognize any associated revenue. 

Restructuring 

In July 2002, Corvas initiated a workforce reduction of
nearly 40% of its research and administrative staff as part of an extensive strategic realignment of its research and development programs. Corvas implemented this restructuring to focus its resources on the continued clinical development of its
proprietary rNAPc2 product candidate and on its cancer research programs focused on therapeutic antibodies and synthetic prodrugs. Corvas will realize annualized cost savings estimated at more than $8.0 million from this restructuring and related
cost-cutting measures. 

Results of Operations

Revenues
.    2002 operating revenues decreased to $142,000 from $312,000 in 2001 and $6.1 million in 2000. Corvas recorded no revenues from collaborative agreements or license fees in 2002 and 2001,
compared to $5.8 million in 2000. Revenues from collaborative agreements in 2000 included $3.0 million from an agreement with Schering-Plough related to oral anticoagulants for chronic thrombosis, and $263,000 from an agreement with Schering-Plough
related to oral inhibitors of the hepatitis C virus. A $2.5 million license fee from Schering-Plough for the hepatitis C inhibitor program was also recognized in 2000. Royalty revenues of $142,000, $117,000 and $167,000 were recognized in 2002, 2001
and 2000, respectively, from license agreements related to sales of recombinant tissue factor. Due to the completion of a research grant in August 2001, no research grant revenue was recognized in 2002, compared to $195,000 and $198,000 in 2001 and
2000, respectively. 



Research
and Development Expenses
.    Research and development expenses, which accounted for 70% of total costs and expenses in 2002, 82% in 2001 and 79% in 2000, decreased to $16.6 million in 2002 from $24.0 million in 2001. This
$7.4 million decrease was attributable to both non-recurring manufacturing costs associated with the manufacturing of rNAPc2 in 2001 and Corvas July 2002 workforce reduction, which also resulted in a realignment of its ongoing research
programs. Research and development expenses in 2001 increased to $24.0 million from $14.9 million in 2000. This $9.1 million increase was primarily attributable to rNAPc2 manufacturing costs, as well as growth in the number of scientists along with
licensing and patent activities in support of Corvas cancer programs. 

Corvas expects that its 2003 research and development expenses will continue to be comprised of costs associated with rNAPc2 development as well as its internally-funded cancer research programs.
Although Corvas expenses for basic research are expected to decrease as a result of the workforce reduction which primarily impacted its scientists, Corvas expects that its 2003 research and development costs will increase over 2002 due to the
recent initiation of its rNAPc2 Phase II clinical program in UA/NSTEMI patients. As of December 31, 2002, Corvas had paid approximately $2.8 million for this trial. Corvas has not prepaid any significant expenses for the second and third parts of
this trial. Corvas will continue to incur expenses for the first part of the trial, as it pays a per patient fee and associated costs as each patient is enrolled. 

General and Administrative Expenses
.    General and administrative expenses in
2002 increased to $5.2 million from $5.1 million in 2001 and $4.1 million in 2000. The 2002 increase of $38,000 compares to a $1.0 million increase in 2001, primarily due to increased facility costs resulting from additional square footage assumed
in 2000 and, to a lesser extent, costs associated with hiring a new executive. Corvas expects that its general and administrative expenses in 2003 will increase over the 2002 amounts, mainly due to legal and other costs associated with the proposed
merger with Dendreon. 

Restructuring
Charges.
    In connection with the July 2002 restructuring of nearly 40% of its research and administrative staff, Corvas recorded total restructuring charges of $1.9 million. Approximately 68% or $1.3 million of the total
charges were comprised of severance payments and related benefits. Settlement of contractual obligations and legal costs accounted for 15% or $295,000 of the total charges, while 9% or $170,000 was incurred for outplacement services provided to the
impacted employees and 8% or $160,000 related to a non-cash charge for impaired assets. Future cash payments of $426,000 are expected to be paid through July 2003 in connection with the restructuring. See Note 4 of the Notes to Financial Statements
for more details regarding the restructuring charges. 

Net Other Income
.    Net other income was $2.4 million in 2002, compared to $5.4 million in the previous year. This $3.0 million decrease was due to a combination of lower balances available for investment
and the significant reduction in interest rates. Net other income in 2001 increased by $3.2 million over the $2.2 million recognized in 2000. This increase was attributable to the investment of net proceeds from Corvas November 2000 public
offering of common stock. Interest income in each of these years was partially offset by interest expense of $841,000, $797,000 and $762,000 in 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively, attributable to the outstanding convertible notes. As a result of the
lower prevailing interest rates and lower balances available for investment, Corvas expects that its interest income will continue to decline. 

Corvas expects that it will continue to incur substantial additional operating losses for at least the next several years as Corvas
pursues its clinical trials and research and development efforts. Corvas also expects both its expenses and losses to fluctuate from year to year and that the fluctuations may, at times, be substantial. 



Corvas Quarterly Results of
Operations 

The following table sets forth
certain unaudited statements of operations data for the 