URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1100389/000119312503016846/0001193125-03-016846.txt

			MILPITAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95035
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4088789000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 N. MCCARTHY BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		M/S 4101
		CITY:			MILPITAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95035-5112

S-4

ds4.htm

FORM S-4

FORM S-4



As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 3, 2003 

Registration No.
333-             

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM S-4 

REGISTRATION STATEMENT 

Under

The Securities Act of 1933

Palm, Inc. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

94-3150688

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial

Classification Code Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

400 N. McCarthy Blvd.

Milpitas, California 95035

(408) 503-7000

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrants
principal executive offices) 

Eric A. Benhamou

Chief Executive Officer 

Palm, Inc. 

400 N. McCarthy Blvd. 

Milpitas, California 95035 

(408) 503-7000 

(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) 

Copies to:

Larry W. Sonsini, Esq.

Katharine A. Martin, Esq.

Martin W. Korman, Esq.

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati

Professional Corporation

650 Page Mill Road

Palo Alto, CA 94304

(650)
493-9300

Mary E. Doyle, Esq.

Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and
Assistant Secretary

Palm, Inc.

400 N. McCarthy Blvd.

Milpitas, CA 95035

(408) 503-7000

David G. Pine, Esq.

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Handspring, Inc.

189 Bernardo Avenue

Mountain View, CA 94043

(650) 230-5000

Dennis R. DeBroeck, Esq.

Robert A. Freedman, Esq.

Douglas N. Cogen, Esq.

Fenwick & West LLP

Silicon Valley Center

801 California
Street

Mountain View, CA 94041

(650) 988-8500

APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE OF THE SECURITIES TO THE PUBLIC:
    As soon as
practicable following the effectiveness of this registration statement and upon consummation of the transaction described in the merger agreement. 

If the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered in connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with General Instruction G, check the following box.  
 

If this form is filed to register additional securities for an
offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  
 

If this form is a post-effective amendment
filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  
 

CALCULATION
OF REGISTRATION FEE 

Title of Each Class of

Securities to be Registered(1)

Amount to be
Registered(2)

Proposed
Maximum
Offering Price
Per Share(3)

Proposed
Maximum
Aggregate
Offering
Price(3)

Amount of
Registration
Fee

Common Stock, $0.001 par value

16,097,139 shares

$1.035

$185,117,090

$14,976

(1)

Each share of common stock includes a right to purchase one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock. The preferred share purchase rights, which are
attached to the shares of Palm common stock being registered hereunder, will be issued for no additional consideration. Accordingly, no additional registration fee is payable. 

(2)

Represents the maximum number of shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Palm, Inc., a Delaware corporation, that may be issued in connection with the Handspring
merger described herein. 

(3)

Estimated solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee required by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and pursuant to Rules 457(f) and (c) of the
Securities Act, based on (i) $1.035, the average of the high and low per share prices of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Handspring, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market on June 27, 2003 and (ii) the
maximum number of shares of Handspring common stock to be canceled in connection with the Handspring merger described herein. 

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on
such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. 



The information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is not complete and may be changed. Palm may not sell
these securities until the registration statement filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy
these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. 

                         , 2003 

Dear Palm and Handspring Stockholders: 

On behalf of the boards of directors of Palm, Inc. and Handspring, Inc., we are pleased to deliver our joint proxy
statement/prospectus for the transaction involving the distribution of PalmSource common stock held by Palm to Palms stockholders and Palms subsequent acquisition of Handspring. We are seeking the approval of both Palm and Handspring
stockholders with respect to this transaction. 
YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT.

In the transaction, Palm will distribute approximately 0.34 of a share of PalmSource common stock for each share of Palm common stock held by Palms existing stockholders at the time of the closing and, following
the distribution, will acquire Handspring. Handspring stockholders will be entitled to receive 0.09 of a share of Palm common stock for each share of Handspring common stock held at that time. Handspring stockholders will not receive shares of
PalmSource common stock. 

Palm common stock is listed on the
Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol PALM. On                          , 2003, the closing sale price of
Palm common stock was $             per share. After the completion of the transaction, Palm expects to change its corporate name and Nasdaq National Market trading symbol. There is no
current public market for PalmSources common stock. Following the distribution of PalmSource common stock to Palms stockholders, we expect that PalmSources common stock will trade on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
PSRC. 

After careful consideration, the boards
of directors of both Palm and Handspring have unanimously determined the transaction to be fair to you and in your best interests. The boards of directors of both Palm and Handspring have approved the transaction and recommend that you vote in favor
of the transaction. 

Stockholders of Palm and Handspring
are cordially invited to attend the meeting of stockholders of their company to vote on the transaction. The Palm 2003 annual meeting of stockholders will be held on             , 2003 at
             a.m. local time at             . The Handspring special meeting of stockholders will be held on
            , 2003 at              a.m. local time at             .

At the Palm 2003 annual meeting of stockholders, in addition
to approval of the transaction, Palm stockholders are also being asked to elect members of Palms board of directors and to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Palms independent auditors. Palms board of directors
is currently composed of eight members, three of whom are standing for election at the 2003 annual meeting. Following the transaction, the board of directors of the combined company will be composed of ten members: seven will be from the current
Palm board of directors and three will be from the current Handspring board of directors. The executive leadership of the combined company following the transaction will include officers from both companies, with R. Todd Bradley, the current Chief
Executive Officer of the Palm Solutions Group business, serving as the Chief Executive Officer of the combined company. 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus provides you with detailed information concerning Palm, PalmSource, Handspring and the transaction. 
Please pay
careful attention to all of the information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. In particular, you should carefully consider the discussion in Risk Factors beginning on page 25 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the risk
factors relating to PalmSource beginning on page 10 of Annex A.

Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own. Whether or not you plan to attend the Palm annual meeting of stockholders or the Handspring special meeting of stockholders, please take the
time to vote by completing and mailing the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction card and returning it in the pre-addressed envelope provided or, if available, following the telephone or internet voting instructions set forth on the enclosed
proxy card or voting instruction card. 

Eric A. Benhamou

Chairman of the Board of Directors of Palm, Inc.

Donna L. Dubinsky

Chief Executive Officer of Handspring, Inc.

Neither the
Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities to be issued in connection with this joint proxy statement/prospectus or determined if this joint proxy statement/prospectus is
truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated                          , 2003, and is first
being mailed to stockholders of Palm and Handspring on or about                          , 2003. 



This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about
Palm and Handspring from documents that each company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission but that have not been included in or delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 
For a listing of documents incorporated by
reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, please see Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference beginning on page 207 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Palm will provide you with copies of the information relating to Palm,
without charge, upon written or oral request to: 

Palm, Inc.

Attention: Investor Relations 

400 N. McCarthy Blvd. 

M/S 9204 

Milpitas, California 95035 

Telephone: (408) 503-7200 

In addition, you may obtain copies of this information by making a request through Palms investor relations
website, http://ir.palm.com. 

Handspring will provide you
with copies of the information relating to Handspring, without charge, upon written or oral request to: 

Handspring, Inc. 

Attn: Investor Relations 

189 Bernardo Avenue 

Mountain View, California

Telephone: (650) 230-5000 

In addition, you may obtain copies of this information by making a request through Handsprings investor relations website,
http://www.handspring.com/company/investor_ relations.jhtml. 

In addition, PalmSource has filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The prospectus contained in the registration statement is included as Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You may obtain
the exhibits filed with the registration statement, without charge, upon written or oral request to: 

PalmSource, Inc. 

Attn: Investor Relations 

1240 Crossman Avenue 

Sunnyvale, California

Telephone: (408) 400-3000 

If you would like to request any documents from Palm, Handspring or PalmSource, please do so by
            , 2003, which is five business days before the date of the Palm and Handspring meetings of stockholders, in order to receive them before the Palm annual meeting or Handspring
special meeting. 



PALM, INC. 

400 N. McCarthy Blvd. 

Milpitas,
California 95035 

(408) 503-7000 

NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 

TO BE HELD ON             , 2003 

To the Stockholders of Palm, Inc.: 

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the annual meeting of stockholders of Palm, Inc., a Delaware corporation, will be held on
            , 2003 at             , local time, at             , for
the following purposes: 

1.  To
consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 4, 2003, by and among Palm, Inc., Peace Separation Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, Inc., Harmony Acquisition Corporation, a
wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, Inc., and Handspring, Inc., which approval and adoption will also constitute approval of (a) the merger of Peace Separation Corporation with and into Palm, with Palm being the surviving entity, effecting the
distribution of PalmSource common stock held by Palm to Palms stockholders, and (b) the issuance of shares of Palm common stock to Handspring stockholders in the transaction; 

2.  To elect three Class I directors to Palms board of directors to hold office for a
three-year term; 

3.  To ratify the
appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Palms independent public auditors for the fiscal year ending May 28, 2004; and 

4.  To transact such other business as may properly come before the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the
annual meeting. 

These items are described more fully in the
joint proxy statement/prospectus attached to this notice. Please give your careful attention to all of the information in the joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The board of directors of Palm has fixed the close of business on             
            , 2003 as the record date for determining which Palm stockholders of record are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting and any adjournment or
postponement of the annual meeting. Only holders of record of shares of Palm common stock on the record date are entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the annual meeting. 

Your vote is important. Even if you plan to attend the annual meeting in
person, we request that you complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy or voting instruction card or, if available, follow the instructions for telephone or Internet voting to ensure that your shares will be represented at the annual meeting
if you are unable to attend. If you do attend the annual meeting and wish to vote in person, you may withdraw your proxy and vote in person. 

By Order of the Board of Directors,

Judy Bruner

Secretary

                     , 2003 

Milpitas, California 



HANDSPRING, INC. 

189 Bernardo Avenue 

Mountain
View, California 94043 

(650) 230-5000 

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING
OF STOCKHOLDERS 

TO BE HELD ON             , 2003 

To the Stockholders of Handspring, Inc.:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of the stockholders of
Handspring, Inc., a Delaware corporation, will be held at              a.m., local time, on             ,
            , 2003 at              for the following purpose: 

To consider and vote on a proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 4, 2003, by and
among Palm, Inc., Peace Separation Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, Inc., Harmony Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, Inc., and Handspring, Inc., which approval and adoption will also constitute approval of the
merger of Harmony Acquisition Corporation with and into Handspring, with Handspring being the surviving entity, pursuant to which Handspring will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm. 

This item is described more fully in the joint proxy statement/prospectus attached to this notice. Please give your careful
attention to all of the information in the joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Only stockholders of record at the close of business on             , 2003, the record date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting or
any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. The merger will require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Handsprings common stock outstanding on the record date. 

Your vote is important. To ensure that your shares are represented at the
special meeting, we encourage you to complete, date, sign and promptly return your proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope or, if available, follow the instructions for telephone or Internet voting whether or not you plan to attend the
special meeting in person. You may revoke your proxy in the manner described in the joint proxy statement/prospectus at any time before it has been voted at the special meeting. Any stockholders attending the special meeting may vote in person even
if the stockholder has returned a proxy. 

By Order of the Board of Directors,

Donna L. Dubinsky

Chief Executive Officer

                            , 2003 

Mountain View, California 



 

Page

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE TRANSACTION

v

SUMMARY OF THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

Forward-Looking Information

The Transaction

The Companies

Risk Factors

Reasons for the Transaction

Recommendation of the Palm Board of Directors

Opinion of Palm Financial Advisor Regarding the Handspring Merger

Recommendation of the Handspring Board of Directors

Opinion of Handspring Financial Advisor Regarding the Handspring Merger

Interests of Certain Persons in the Handspring Merger

Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers of Palm and Handspring

Conditions to the Completion of the Transaction

Prohibitions on the Solicitation of other Offers

Termination of the Merger Agreement by Palm and Handspring under Specified Circumstances

Payment of a Termination Fee under Specified Circumstances

Treatment of Awards Outstanding under Stock Plans and Outstanding Warrants

Loan Agreement between Palm and Handspring

The PalmSource Separation

Relationship between Palm and PalmSource Following the Transaction

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Transaction 

Accounting Treatment

Regulatory Approvals

Nasdaq Listing

Appraisal Rights

PALM, INC. SUMMARY SELECTED HISTORICAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

Page

HANDSPRING, INC. SUMMARY SELECTED HISTORICAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

PALM, INC. SUMMARY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA

RISK FACTORS

Risks Related to the Transaction

THE PALM ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

General Information

THE HANDSPRING SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting 

Matters for Consideration

Board of Directors Recommendation 

Record Date

Quorum and Vote Required

Voting of Proxies

How to Revoke a Proxy 

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses 

Voting Agreements 

Future Stockholder Proposals of Handspring 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of Handspring

PALM AND HANDSPRING PROPOSAL NO. 1APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

THE TRANSACTION

Overview of the Transaction

Background of the Transaction

Reasons for the Transaction

Consideration of the Transaction by, and Recommendation of, the Board of Directors of Palm

Opinion of Palms Financial Advisor 

Consideration of the Handspring Merger by, and Recommendation of, the Handspring Board of Directors

Opinion of Handsprings Financial Advisor

i 



 

(Continued) 

Page

Vote Required

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

Governmental and Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Transaction

Accounting Treatment of the PalmSource Distribution and Handspring Merger

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the PalmSource Distribution and Handspring Merger

Listing of Palm Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market

Listing of PalmSource Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market

Delisting and Deregistration of Handspring Common Stock After the Transaction

Legal Proceedings Regarding the Transaction

Appraisal and Dissenters Rights

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Structure of the Transaction 

Completion and Effectiveness of the Transaction

Distribution of PalmSource Common Stock

Conversion of Handspring Common Stock

Fractional Shares

Exchange of Stock Certificates

Representations and Warranties

Conduct of Business Before Completion of the Transaction

Palm and Handspring Prohibited from Soliciting Other Offers

Obligations of the Palm Board of Directors and Handspring Board of Directors with Respect to their Recommendations and Holding a Meeting of its Stockholders

Treatment of Awards Outstanding under Stock Plans and Outstanding Warrants

Treatment of Handspring Stock Options and Warrants

Treatment of Rights under the Handspring Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Employee Benefits Matters

Board of Directors of Palm Following the Merger

Regulatory Filings; Antitrust Matters; Reasonable Efforts to Obtain Regulatory Approvals

Page

Limitation on Reasonable Efforts to Obtain Regulatory Approvals

Conditions to Completion of the Transaction

Definition of Material Adverse Effect

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Payment of Termination Fee

Extension, Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement

OTHER AGREEMENTS

Voting Agreements

Transfer Restriction Agreements

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements

Loan Agreement

THE PALMSOURCE SEPARATION

Description of the Separation

Master Separation Agreement

General Assignment and Assumption Agreement

Amended and Restated Software License Agreement

SDIO License Agreement

Development Agreement

Amended and Restated Tax Sharing Agreement

Amended and Restated Intercompany Loan Agreement

Amended and Restated Indemnification and Insurance Matters Agreement

Xerox Litigation Agreement

Master Technology Ownership and License Agreement

Master Confidential Disclosure Agreement

Master Patent Ownership and License Agreement

Business Services Agreement

Strategic Collaboration Agreement

Employee Matters Agreement

Trademark Agreements

Other Agreements

THE SOLUTIONS GROUP BUSINESS

Overview

Strategy

Products and Services

Competition

Sales and Marketing

ii 



 

(Continued) 

Page

Customer Service and Support

Product Development and Technology

Manufacturing and Supply Chain

Backlog

Intellectual Property

Employees

Financial Information About Geographic Areas 

Properties

THE SOLUTIONS GROUP MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Overview

Critical Accounting Policies

Results of OperationsInterim

Comparison of nine months ended February 28, 2003 and 2002

Results of OperationsAnnual

Comparison of fiscal years ended May 31, 2002 and 2001

Comparison of fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 and 2000

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Effects of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

PALM, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

PALM, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET AS OF FEBRUARY 28, 2003

PALM, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 2003

PALM, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 2002

PALM, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE NINE YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 2002

PALM, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2001

Page

PALM, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2000

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Pro Forma AdjustmentsSeparation of PalmSource

Pro Forma AdjustmentsMerger of Palm with Handspring

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

PROPOSAL NO. 2ELECTION OF THREE CLASS I DIRECTORS

Vote Required

Nominees and Other Directors

Board and Committee Meetings

Compensation of Directors

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Recommendation of the Palm Board of Directors

PROPOSAL NO. 3RATIFICATION OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Vote Required

Recommendation of the Palm Board of Directors

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND OTHER MATTERS

Executive Compensation

Grants of Stock Options

Exercises of Stock Options

Employment, Severance and Change of Control Agreements

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Transactions with 3Com Corporation

Transactions between Palm and PalmSource

Other Transactions and Relationships

REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

iii 



 

(Continued) 

Page

AUDIT AND RELATED FEES

Audit Fees

Audit Related Fees

Tax Fees

All Other Fees

REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Summary of Compensation Policies for Executive Officers

Cash Compensation

Equity-Based Compensation

CEO Compensation

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RETURN

LEGAL AND TAX MATTERS

EXPERTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE

DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO PALM STOCKHOLDERS SHARING AN ADDRESS

Page

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS TO BE PRESENTED AT THE NEXT PALM ANNUAL MEETING

TRANSACTION OF OTHER BUSINESS AT THE PALM ANNUAL MEETING

TRANSACTION OF OTHER BUSINESS AT THE HANDSPRING SPECIAL MEETING

VOTING VIA THE INTERNET OR BY TELEPHONE

ANNEX APALMSOURCE PROSPECTUS DATED 

ANNEX BAGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION BY AND AMONG PALM, INC., PEACE SEPARATION CORPORATION, HARMONY ACQUISITION
CORPORATION AND HANDSPRING, INC. 

ANNEX COPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR OF PALM, INC. 

ANNEX DOPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR OF HANDSPRING, INC.

ANNEX EPALM AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER

APPENDIX AFORM OF PROXY OF PALM, INC.

APPENDIX BFORM OF PROXY OF HANDSPRING, INC. 

iv 



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE TRANSACTION 

General Questions and Answers 

Q:

What is the transaction? 

A:

Palm, Inc. and Handspring, Inc. have entered into a definitive agreement for a transaction in which: 



Palm will distribute, on a pro rata basis to its existing stockholders, all of the shares of PalmSource, Inc. common stock that it owns (we refer to this part of the transaction
throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the PalmSource distribution); and 



immediately following the PalmSource distribution, Palm will acquire Handspring, and Handspring stockholders will receive Palm common stock in exchange for their Handspring common
stock (we refer to this part of the transaction throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the Handspring merger). 

Handspring stockholders will not receive any shares of PalmSource common stock in the transaction. 

In this joint proxy statement/prospectus, when we refer to the transaction,
we refer to the PalmSource distribution and the Handspring merger together. Following the transaction, there will be two independent publicly-traded companies: 



PalmSource, which will operate Palms operating system business; and 



Palm, which will operate Palms Solutions Group business and Handsprings business. Palm expects to change its corporate name and ticker symbol in the future following the
transaction. Throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus, we refer to the company following the transaction as Palm or the combined company. 

Q:

Why am I receiving this joint proxy statement/prospectus? 

A:

To complete the transaction, both Palms and Handsprings stockholders must approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of June 4, 2003 by and
among Palm, Peace Separation Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, Harmony Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, and Handspring, which we refer to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the merger agreement. A
copy of the merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B. Palm will submit this proposal to its stockholders at its 2003 annual meeting of stockholders. Handspring will submit this proposal to its stockholders at
a special meeting of stockholders. 

This joint
proxy statement/prospectus contains important information about the transaction and Palms and Handsprings stockholder meetings, as well as about Palm, PalmSource and Handspring. This joint proxy statement/prospectus also contains
important information about the other proposals to be presented at Palms 2003 annual meeting of stockholders. In addition, stockholders should carefully review the information related to PalmSource included in Annex A in determining whether to
approve and adopt the merger agreement. You should read this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully. 

Q:

What do I need to do now? 

A:

After you read and consider the information in this document, mail your signed proxy or voting instruction card in the enclosed return envelope or, if available, vote by Internet or
telephone as soon as possible so that your shares may be represented at the applicable meeting of stockholders. You should return your proxy card or voting instruction card or, if available, vote by Internet or telephone whether or not you plan to
attend the Palm or Handspring meeting of stockholders. 

v 



Q:

Why is the transaction being proposed? 

A:

The Palm-Handspring combination is designed to create a stronger competitor in the handheld computing and communication devices industries. In addition, the PalmSource distribution
is designed to increase the market for the Palm operating system, or Palm OS. 

Q:

What will be the relationship between Palm and PalmSource following the transaction? 

A:

Palm and PalmSource will be independent publicly-traded companies following the transaction. However, Palm and PalmSource have entered into a number of agreements that provide for a
continuing business relationship between them, including a software license agreement between them under which Palm will continue to be a licensee of the Palm OS and agreements with Palm Trademark Holding Company, LLC under which Palm and PalmSource
will both continue to use certain Palm-related trademarks and domain names. 

Q:

Who will be the directors and executive officers of Palm following the transaction? 

A:

The board of directors of Palm will consist of ten members following the transaction. Existing directors Eric A. Benhamou and Jean-Jacques Damlamian will continue in office as Class
III directors following the transaction. Existing directors Susan G. Swenson and Gordon Campbell will continue in office as Class II directors following the transaction. Existing directors R. Todd Bradley, Michael Homer and Gareth C.C. Chang are
recommended for re-election as Class I directors the Palm 2003 annual meeting. In addition, three Handspring directors will join the Palm board of directors following the completion of the transaction: Donna L. Dubinsky in Class III, L. John Doerr
in Class II and Bruce W. Dunlevie in Class I. David C. Nagel, currently a Class III director, will resign from the Palm board of directors following the transaction. 

After the transaction, the executive officers of Palm will consist of: R. Todd Bradley, as President and Chief Executive
Officer; Judy Bruner, as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mary E. Doyle, as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Marianne Jackson, as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer; Edward T. Colligan,
currently the President and Chief Operating Officer of Handspring, as Senior Vice President, General Manager, Wireless Business Unit; Ken Wirt as Senior Vice President, General Manager, Handheld Business Unit; Angel Mendez, as Senior Vice President,
Global Operations and Accessory Solutions; and Jeffrey C. Hawkins, currently the Chairman of Handspring and its Chief Product Officer, will serve as Chief Technology Officer of the combined company on a part-time basis as he did in his capacity as
Chief Product Officer at Handspring. 

Q:

What percentage of the combined company will former Handspring stockholders own following the transaction? 

A:

Following the transaction, former stockholders of Handspring will own approximately 32% of Palm on a fully diluted basis using the treasury stock method. 

Q:

What vote is required to approve and adopt the merger agreement? 

A:

Palms proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Palm common stock entitled to vote
at the Palm 2003 annual meeting of stockholders. 

Handsprings proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Handspring common stock entitled to vote at the Handspring special meeting of
stockholders. 

vi 



Q:

Are there any stockholders already committed to voting in favor of the merger? 

A:

Yes. The directors and certain executive officers of Palm have agreed to vote all of their Palm shares, representing less than 1% of the outstanding Palm common stock on May 28,
2003, in favor of approving and adopting the merger agreement. 

Certain directors and executive officers of Handspring have agreed to vote Handspring shares, representing approximately 37.5% of the outstanding Handspring common stock on May 28, 2003 in favor of approving and
adopting the merger agreement. 

Q:

What happens if I do not return a proxy card or voting instruction card or vote by Internet or telephone? 

A:

The failure to return your proxy card or voting instruction card or, if available, to vote by Internet or telephone will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST the transaction. In
addition, if you are a record holder and fail to return your proxy card or, if available, to vote by Internet or telephone, the effect will be that your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the
stockholders meeting. If you hold your shares in street name through a bank or broker and fail to return your voting instruction card or, if available, to vote by Internet or telephone and your broker returns your card as a
broker non-vote, your shares will be counted as present for purposes of determining whether or not a quorum is present but will have the same effect as a vote against the transaction. 

For a Palm stockholders, failure to return your proxy card or to vote by
Internet or telephone, in the case of a record holder, or the delivery of a broker non-vote, in the case of holders in street name, will not have any effect on the outcome of the voting on Palms proposal to elect three Class I directors or its
proposal to ratify Deloitte & Touche LLP as Palms independent public auditors for its fiscal year ending May 28, 2004, though it will affect whether there is a quorum at the Palm 2003 annual meeting. 

Q:

May I vote in person? 

A:

Yes. If you are a holder of record, you may attend your meeting of stockholders and vote your shares in person rather than signing and returning your proxy card. If your shares are
held in street name, you must obtain a proxy from your broker or bank in order to attend your meeting of stockholders and vote. 

Q:

If my broker holds my shares in street name, will my broker vote my shares for me? 

A:

Your broker will not be able to vote your shares FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement without instructions from you. You should instruct your broker to vote your shares
in accordance with the procedures provided by your broker. Without instructions, your shares will not be voted FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement, which will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST the transaction. Broker non-votes
will not have any effect on the outcome of the voting on Palms proposal to elect three Class I directors or its proposal to ratify Deloitte & Touche LLP as Palms independent public auditors for its fiscal year ending May 28,
2004. 

Q:

Do I need to attend the meeting of stockholders in person? 

A:

No. You do not need to attend the meeting of stockholders in person in order to have your common stock voted at your meeting of stockholders. Your stock can be voted at your meeting
of stockholders without attending the meeting by mailing your completed, dated and signed proxy or voting instruction card in the enclosed return envelope or, if available, by voting by Internet or telephone. 

Q:

May I change my vote after I have mailed my signed proxy or voting instruction card or voted by Internet or telephone? 

A:

Yes. If you completed a proxy, you may change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at your meeting of stockholders. You can do this one of three ways.
First, you can send a written, dated notice to the Secretary of Palm or Secretary of Handspring, as the case may be, stating that you would like to revoke your 

vii 



proxy. Second, you can complete, date and submit a new later-dated proxy card. Third, you can attend the meeting and vote in person. Your attendance alone
will not revoke your proxy. If you have instructed a broker or bank to vote your shares by executing a voting instruction card or by Internet or telephone, you must follow directions received from your broker or bank to change your instructions.

Q:

When do you expect the transaction to be completed? 

A:

We expect the transaction to be completed in fall 2003. However, we cannot predict the exact timing of the completion of the transaction because the transaction is subject to
governmental and regulatory review processes and other conditions. 

Q:

Am I entitled to appraisal rights? 

A:

No. Neither the holders of Palm common stock nor the holders of Handspring common stock are entitled to appraisal rights under the Delaware General Corporation Law in connection
with the transaction. 

Questions and Answers for Palm
Stockholders 

Q:

What matters are Palm stockholders being asked to approve at the Palm 2003 annual meeting of stockholders? 

A:

Palm stockholders are being asked to vote FOR three matters at the Palm 2003 annual meeting of stockholders: 



approval and adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 4, 2003, by and among Palm, Peace Separation Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, Harmony
Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, and Handspring, which approval and adoption will also constitute approval of (a) the merger of Peace Separation Corporation with and into Palm, with Palm being the surviving entity,
effecting the distribution of PalmSource common stock held by Palm to Palms stockholders and (b) the issuance of Palm common stock to Handspring stockholders in the transaction; 



election of R. Todd Bradley, Michael Homer and Gareth C.C. Chang to serve as Class I directors until the 2006 annual meeting of stockholders; and 



ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Palms independent public auditors for the fiscal year ending May 28, 2004. 

In addition, stockholders may be asked to vote upon such other business as
may properly come before the Palm 2003 annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Palm 2003 annual meeting. 

Q:

What will Palm stockholders receive in the PalmSource distribution? 

A:

Holders of Palm common stock will retain their shares of Palm common stock, including the associated preferred stock purchase rights, and be entitled to receive approximately 0.34
of a share of PalmSource common stock for each share of Palm common stock held by each such holder at the completion of the transaction. This ratio is based on the number of shares of Palm common stock outstanding on May 31, 2003, and is subject to
reduction in the event that Palm issues additional shares of common stock following May 31, 2003 and prior to the PalmSource distribution. Fractional shares of PalmSource common stock will be aggregated for each Palm stockholder and any remaining
fractional share will be aggregated with other fractional shares and sold in the public market. Accordingly, Palm stockholders who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share of PalmSource common stock will receive cash for the
fractional interest. 

Q:

Where will PalmSources common stock be traded following the transaction? 

A:

PalmSource has applied for listing on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol PSRC. If PalmSource common stock does not trade at $5.00 or above on
its first trading day, it may not be eligible to remain trading on the Nasdaq National Market, and instead, it may trade on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, if 

viii 



it meets certain requirements, or be eligible for quotation on the Over-the-Counter, or OTC, Bulletin Board, or a successor of the OTC Bulletin Board.

Q:

Who will be the directors and executive officers of PalmSource following the PalmSource distribution? 

A:

The board of directors of PalmSource will consist of seven members following the transaction: Eric A. Benhamou (who will serve as Chairman of PalmSources board of directors
and also serve as Chairman of Palms board of directors following the transaction), David C. Nagel, Jean-Louis F. Gasse, Satjiv S. Chahil, Robert J. Finocchio, John B. Shoven, Ph.D and Howard Edelstein. 

The executive officers of PalmSource following the transaction will consist
of: David C. Nagel as President and Chief Executive Officer, Albert J. Wood as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Doreen S. Yochum as Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary, Gabriele R. Schindler as Senior Vice President of Worldwide
Marketing, Lamar Potts as Vice President of Worldwide Licensing and Sales, Larry Slotnick as Chief Products Officer and David A. Limp as Senior Vice President of Corporate and Business Development and Chief Strategy Officer. 

Q:

What will happen to Palms outstanding options and warrants in the transaction? 

A:

When the PalmSource distribution is completed, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Palm common stock will continue in effect. Each option will be subject to all of the
terms and conditions set forth in the applicable documents evidencing such Palm option immediately prior to the PalmSource distribution, including any repurchase rights or vesting provisions, except that each such option will be adjusted to maintain
the same option value immediately before and immediately after the transaction. This adjustment will be accomplished by multiplying the number of shares for which the option is exercisable by a ratio, the numerator of which will be the closing sales
price of Palm common stock on the last full day of trading prior to the PalmSource distribution and the denominator of which will be the opening sales price of Palm common stock on the first full day of trading after the PalmSource distribution, and
multiplying the exercise price at which such option will be exercisable by the inverse of that ratio. Palms board of directors and its compensation committee believe that this adjustment is required by or advisable under the terms of
Palms stock option plans. Accordingly, on July 1, 2003, Palms board of directors amended Palms 1999 Stock Plan and 1999 Director Option Plan to reserve additional shares of Palms common stock for the sole purpose of
effecting such an adjustment. For those employees who are employees of PalmSource, their options will be adjusted as provided above, except that any unvested Palm options will terminate on the effective date of the PalmSource distribution, or
distribution date, and such PalmSource employees shall be deemed terminated under their option agreements, giving them a limited number of days to exercise vested options before they expire. 

No adjustment will be made to the exercise price per share or the number of
shares issuable upon the exercise of Palms outstanding warrant, but upon exercise the warrant holder will be entitled to receive the number of shares of PalmSource stock which the warrant holder would have been entitled to receive if the
warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the transaction. 

Q:

How does Palms board of directors recommend I vote? 

A:

The Palm board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement. The Palm board of directors also unanimously recommends that you
vote for the election of R. Todd Bradley, Michael Homer and Gareth C.C. Chang to serve as Class I directors of Palm and the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as independent public auditors for the fiscal year ending May 28, 2004.

ix 



Q:

As a PalmSource stockholder, will I be able to trade the PalmSource common stock that I receive in connection with the distribution? 

A:

The shares of PalmSource common stock distributed to Palm stockholders in connection with the transaction will be freely tradeable, unless you are an affiliate of PalmSource, in
which case you will be required to comply with the applicable restrictions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 in order to resell the shares of PalmSource common stock you receive in the transaction. 

Q:

Do I need to send in my Palm stock certificates? 

A:

No. You will retain your Palm stock certificates in the transaction and therefore you do not need to surrender your Palm stock certificates. You should not send in your Palm
stock certificates.
    You will receive your PalmSource shares in book-entry form through Palms transfer agent upon completion of the transaction without taking any action. If you hold your shares through a bank or
broker, your bank or broker will place the shares of PalmSource common stock into your account. 

x 



Q:

Will I owe income taxes as a result of the PalmSource distribution? 

A:

For U.S. taxpayers, Palm expects that the PalmSource distribution will qualify as a tax-free transaction under Sections 355 and 368 of the Internal Revenue Code, other than with
respect to the cash Palm stockholders may receive instead of a fractional share of PalmSource common stock. 

Q:

Where is the Palm 2003 annual meeting of stockholders going to be held? 

A:

The Palm 2003 annual meeting of stockholders is going to be held at              a.m. on
            , 2003 at
                            . 

Q:

Who can help answer my questions about the transaction, Palm, PalmSource or the Palm 2003 annual meeting of stockholders? 

A:

If you would like additional copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus without charge, or if you have questions about the transaction, Palm or the Palm 2003 annual meeting of
stockholders, including the procedures for voting your shares, you should contact: 

Palm, Inc. 

Attn: Investor Relations

400 N. McCarthy Avenue 

M/S

Milpitas, California 95035 

Telephone: (408) 503-7200 

or Palms proxy
solicitor, 

Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc.

17 State Street, 10th Floor 

New York, NY 10004 

If you have questions about the
business of PalmSource, you should contact: 

PalmSource, Inc.

Attn: Investor Relations 

Crossman Avenue 

Sunnyvale, California 94089 

Telephone: (408) 400-3000 

Questions and
Answers for Handspring Stockholders 

Q:

What matters are Handspring stockholders being asked to approve at the Handspring special meeting of stockholders? 

A:

Handspring stockholders are being asked to vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement, which approval and adoption will also constitute approval of the merger of Harmony
Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, with and into Handspring, with Handspring being the surviving entity, pursuant to which Handspring will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm. 

Q:

What will Handspring stockholders receive in the transaction?

A:

Each holder of Handspring common stock will be entitled to receive 0.09 of a share of Palm common stock for each share of Handspring common stock and associated
preferred stock purchase right held by such 

xi 



holder at the completion of the transaction. Each share of Palm common stock issued will be issued to Handspring stockholders with the associated Palm
preferred stock purchase right. Fractional shares of Palm common stock will be aggregated for each Handspring stockholder and instead of receiving a fractional share of Palm common stock, such Handspring stockholder will receive an amount of cash in
lieu of such fractional share determined by multiplying such fraction by the average closing price of a share of Palm common stock on the Nasdaq National Market for the ten consecutive trading days ending on and including the trading day immediately
preceding the effective date of the Handspring merger. Handspring stockholders will not receive any shares of PalmSource common stock in the transaction. 

Q:

What will happen to Handsprings outstanding options and warrants in the transaction?

A:

Handsprings outstanding options and warrants will be assumed by Palm in the merger. Each option and warrant so assumed will thereafter represent an option or warrant to
purchase up to a number of shares of Palm common stock equal to 0.09 multiplied by the number of Handspring shares such optionee or warrant holder would be entitled to acquire (whether or not vested) under the applicable option or warrant agreement,
rounded down to the nearest whole share. The exercise price per share of the assumed option or warrant will also be adjusted to an amount determined by dividing the exercise price per share of the Handspring option or warrant by 0.09, rounded up to
the nearest cent. Handspring options and warrants will continue to have the same terms and conditions (including vesting schedules and option periods) as they had prior to their assumption. 

Q:

How does Handsprings board of directors recommend I vote?

A:

The Handspring board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement. 

Q:

Do I need to send in my Handspring stock certificates now?

A:

You should not send in your Handspring stock certificates now.
    Following the transaction, a letter of transmittal will be sent to Handspring
stockholders informing them where to deliver their Handspring stock certificates in order to receive certificates representing Palm common stock and/or cash in lieu of a fractional share of Palm common stock. You should not send in your Handspring
common stock certificates prior to receiving this letter of transmittal. 

Q:

As a Handspring stockholder, will I be able to trade the Palm common stock that I receive in connection with the transaction?

A:

The shares of Palm common stock issued in connection with the transaction will be freely tradeable, unless you are an affiliate of Handspring or Palm. If you are an affiliate of
Handspring, you will be required to comply with the applicable restrictions of Rule 145 of the Securities Act of 1933 in order to resell shares of Palm common stock you receive in the Handspring merger. If you are an affiliate of Palm following the
Handspring merger, you will be required to comply with the applicable restriction of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 in order to resell the shares of Palm common stock you receive in the Handspring merger. You will be notified if you are an
affiliate of either company. 

Q:

How will the transaction affect my participation in the Handspring employee stock purchase plan?

A:

Handspring will terminate the Handspring employee stock purchase plan before the transaction is completed, and any purchase period then in effect will be shortened.
Handspring will make adjustments under the Handspring employee stock purchase plan to reflect the shortened purchase period. Outstanding 

xii 



shares purchased during the shortened offering period will be converted into 0.09 shares of Palm common stock as described above. Following the transaction,
former Handspring employees who become Palm employees will become eligible to participate in Palms employee stock purchase plan. 

Q:

Will I owe income taxes as a result of the transaction?

A:

For U.S. taxpayers, we expect that the Handspring merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code other than with respect to cash
Handspring stockholders may receive instead of a fractional share of Palm common stock. 

Q:

Where is the Handspring special meeting of stockholders going to be held?

A:

The Handspring special meeting of stockholders is going to be held at              a.m. on
                    , 2003 at
                            . 

Q:

Who can help answer my questions about the transaction, Handspring or the Handspring special meeting of stockholders?

A:

If you would like additional copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus without charge, or if you have questions about the transaction, Handspring or the Handspring special
meeting of stockholders, including the procedures for voting your shares, you should contact: 

Handspring, Inc. 

Attn: Investor Relations

189 Bernardo Avenue 

Mountain
View, California 94043 

Telephone: (650) 230-5000 

xiii 



SUMMARY OF THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS 

This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the transaction fully and for a more
complete description of the legal terms of the transaction, you should read carefully the entire joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the annexes, and the documents we refer to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See Where You Can
Find More Information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Forward-Looking Information 

This
joint proxy statement/prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of 
the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words expects, anticipates,
believes, intends, estimates, should, would, strategy, plan and similar expressions. For example, in this joint proxy statement/prospectus these forward-looking
statements, include, among others, statements regarding: the combined companys ability to compete in the handheld computing and smartphone market; the timing of the consummation of the transaction; the management and board composition of Palm
following the merger; the ability of the transaction to increase shareholder value; the attraction of additional PalmSource licensees as a result of the PalmSource distribution; Palms future technologies and growth and trends relating to such
technologies; employees and employee response to the PalmSource distribution; Palms and PalmSources increased access to capital markets; growth and growth opportunities available to PalmSource and the combined company; the expectation of
greater revenue opportunities, operating efficiencies, cost savings and other synergies as a result of the merger; the relocation of Handspring employees to Palms Milpitas headquarters; the strength of distribution channels and the product
portfolio of the combined company; the integration of the Handspring management team and employees with the Palm management team and employees; future financial results of PalmSource, Palm, Handspring and the combined company; current and future
litigation; the ability of the Palm Solutions Group to realize its objectives of growing the market, maintaining industry leadership and achieving consistent profitability and Palms existing and future products. 

These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results or events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties, see Risk Factors in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You should consider
carefully the statements set forth in Risk Factors and other sections of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and any accompanying prospectus supplement, and in other documents that are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to Palm or Handspring, or to persons acting on Palms or Handsprings behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the applicable
cautionary statements. Neither Palm nor Handspring undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The Transaction (see page 54) 

Palm, Peace Separation Corporation, Harmony Acquisition Corporation and Handspring have entered into the merger agreement to conduct the transaction described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. A copy of the merger agreement is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B and is incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The merger agreement provides for a transaction with two components, the PalmSource distribution and the
Handspring merger. 



PalmSource Distribution
. Pursuant to the merger agreement, Palm will first distribute the shares
of PalmSource common stock held by Palm to Palms existing stockholders. The distribution will be effected by means of a merger. Pursuant to the merger agreement, Peace Separation Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, will merge with
and into Palm. Palm will be the surviving corporation in this merger. In this merger, each share of Palm common stock outstanding as of the effective time of this merger will remain outstanding and will also be entitled to receive a number of shares
of PalmSource common stock such that Palm will have distributed to Palm stockholders all of the PalmSource common stock Palm owns. Fractional shares of PalmSource common stock will be aggregated for each Palm stockholder and any remaining fractional
share will be sold in the public market. Accordingly, stockholders who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share of PalmSource common stock after aggregating all such fractional shares into whole shares will receive cash for the
fractional interest. Cash amounts received for such fractional share may be taxable to stockholders. Based on shares of Palm common stock outstanding on May 31, 2003, Palm stockholders will receive approximately 0.34 of a share of PalmSource common
stock for each share of Palm common stock held. This ratio is subject to reduction in the event that Palm issues additional shares of common stock following May 31, 2003 and prior to the PalmSource distribution. Handspring stockholders will not
receive PalmSource common stock in the transaction. 

Handspring Merger
. Following the PalmSource distribution, Palm, which will consist of its Solutions Group business, will acquire Handspring through a merger transaction. Palms wholly owned subsidiary, Harmony Acquisition
Corporation, will merge with and into Handspring. Handspring will be the surviving corporation in this merger and will thereafter be a wholly owned subsidiary of Palm. In this merger, each share of Handspring common stock, together with its
associated preferred stock purchase right, will be converted into the right to receive 0.09 shares of Palm common stock. Palm shares will be issued to Handspring stockholders with their associated preferred stock purchase rights. No fractional
shares of Palm common stock will be issued in the Handspring merger. In lieu of receiving a fractional share of Palm common stock and after aggregating all fractional shares of Palm common stock to which a holder would otherwise be entitled, each
holder will receive an amount of cash equal to the product obtained by multiplying such remaining fraction by the average closing price of Palm common stock for the ten consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately
prior to the Handspring merger. 

The Companies 

Palm, Inc. 

400 N. McCarthy Blvd. 

Milpitas, California 95035 

Telephone: (408) 503-7000 

Founded in 1992 and reincorporated under the laws of Delaware in December 1999, Palm is the leading global provider of handheld computing devices and
operating systems for handheld devices. Palm currently consists of two operating segments: PalmSource, Inc., a majority owned subsidiary of Palm, and the Solutions Group. PalmSource is a leading developer and licensor of enabling software for mobile
information devices. PalmSources software solution consists of operating system software, personal information management software and software development tools. Palms Solutions Group develops, markets and sells handheld computing
devices, add-ons and accessories as well as related services and software, targeting consumer, enterprise, education and government users. Since Palm introduced its first handheld computer in 1996, it has shipped over 22 million handheld devices
worldwide as of May 31, 2003. Following the transaction, Palm will consist of its Solutions Group business and the Handspring business. 

Palms web site address is www.palm.com. The information on Palms website is not a part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 



Handspring, Inc. 

Bernardo Avenue 

Mountain View, California 94043 

Telephone:
(650) 230-5000 

Founded in July 1998 and reincorporated under
the laws of Delaware in May 2000, Handspring is a leading provider of handheld computing and communications devices, also called smartphones and communicators. 
Shipments of Handsprings first Visor handheld organizers began in
October 1999. In its fourth quarter of fiscal 2001, Handspring began to shift its strategic focus to the potentially high growth market for integrated devices offering voice, data, email and personal information management capabilities in a single
device. 

Handsprings web site address is
www.handspring.com. The information on Handsprings web site is not part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

PalmSource, Inc. 

1240 Crossman Avenue 

Sunnyvale, California 94089 

Telephone: (408) 400-3000 

Incorporated under the laws of Delaware in December 2001, PalmSource
develops, markets and supports a leading software platform for mobile information devices. PalmSource licenses the Palm operating system, or Palm OS, and software development tools that mobile information device manufacturers use to develop products
from PalmSources platform as well as personal information management, web-browser and e-mail applications. PalmSource enables manufacturers to rapidly and efficiently create powerful, innovative and easy-to-use mobile information devices.
PalmSource licenses its products to leading device manufacturers, including Garmin, Handspring, Kyocera, Legend, Palm, Samsung and Sony.

PalmSources web site address is www.palmsource.com. The information on PalmSources web site is not a part of this joint proxy statement
prospectus. 

Peace Separation Corporation 

400 N. McCarthy Blvd. 

Milpitas, California 95035 

Telephone: (408) 503-7000 

Incorporated under the laws of Delaware in May 2003, Peace Separation Corporation is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Palm and was incorporated for the
sole purpose of merging with and into Palm to effect the distribution of the PalmSource common stock held by Palm to Palms stockholders. Peace Separation Corporation does not have any operations. 

Harmony Acquisition Corporation 

400 N. McCarthy Blvd. 

Milpitas, California 95035 

Telephone: (408) 503-7000 

Incorporated under the laws of Delaware in May 2003, Harmony Acquisition Corporation is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Palm and was incorporated for the sole purpose of merging with and into Handspring to effect the Handspring merger.
Harmony Acquisition Corporation does not have any operations. 



Risk Factors (see page 25) 

The
Risk Factors beginning on page     , in addition to the risk factors relating to PalmSource beginning on page      in Annex A, should be considered carefully by Palm stockholders and Handspring
stockholders in evaluating whether to approve and adopt the merger agreement. These risk factors should be considered along with any additional risk factors in the periodic reports of Palm and Handspring filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and any other information included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Reasons for the Transaction (see page 64) 

Reasons for the PalmSource Distribution 

Palm
and PalmSource believe that Palm stockholders will realize benefits from the complete separation of the two companies as a result of the distribution of the shares of PalmSource held by Palm to Palms stockholders, including the following:



potential to increase the number of licensees for Palm OS; 



increased competitiveness of the Palm OS, benefiting both Palm and PalmSource; 



increased speed and responsiveness to technology change and customer needs for both Palm and PalmSource; 



greater opportunity for management teams and employees of both Palm and PalmSource to focus on their respective businesses and strategic opportunities; 



aligned employee incentives and greater accountability for both Palm and PalmSource management and employees; and 



direct access to capital markets for both businesses. 

Reasons for the Handspring Merger 

Palm and Handspring believe that the combination of Palm and Handspring will form a stronger market leader in mobile computing and communications. Palm
and Handspring believe the potential benefits of the Handspring merger include the ability to: 



take better advantage of future growth opportunities through increased scale and improved operational efficiency; 



deliver a broad portfolio of mobile products from traditional and multimedia handhelds to wireless handhelds and smartphones; 



add Palms strong brand and distribution channels to Handsprings highly regarded Treo product line and wireless telecommunications carrier relationships; and



enhance the Palm management team and board of directors. 

Recommendation of the Palm Board of Directors (see page 66) 

After careful consideration, Palms board of directors has unanimously determined that the transaction is advisable and that it is fair to, and in the best interests of, Palm and its stockholders, and has
unanimously approved the merger agreement. Palms board of directors unanimously recommends that Palms stockholders vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement. Approval of the merger agreement by Palms stockholders will
also constitute approval of a merger of Peace Separation Corporation and Palm effecting the 



PalmSource distribution and approval of the issuance of Palm common stock to Handsprings stockholders in the transaction. 

Among other things considered by Palms board of directors in making
this recommendation, Palms board of directors requested and considered the written opinion of Morgan Stanley described below that addresses the fairness to Palm, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio of 0.09 pursuant to the
merger agreement. 

Palms board of directors also
unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the election of R. Todd Bradley, Michael Homer and Gareth C.C. Chang to serve as Class I directors of Palm and the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as independent public auditors for the fiscal year
ending May 28, 2004. 

Opinion of Palm Financial Advisor Regarding the Handspring Merger (see page 68) 

On June 3, 2003, Morgan Stanley delivered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to Palms board of directors, to the effect that, as
of that date and subject to and based upon the assumptions and other considerations set forth in its written opinion, the exchange ratio of 0.09 pursuant to the merger agreement was fair to Palm, from a financial point of view. Morgan Stanley
provided its opinion for the information and assistance of Palms board of directors in connection with the boards consideration of the Handspring merger. The Morgan Stanley opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to how any Palm
stockholder should vote with respect to the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement or any matter. 

The full text of the written opinion of Morgan Stanley, which sets forth assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in
connection with its opinion is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C. Palm recommends that Palm stockholders read the opinion carefully and in its entirety. Palm stockholders should carefully consider the summary of Morgan
Stanleys analysis in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Recommendation of the Handspring Board of Directors (see page 75) 

After careful consideration, Handsprings board of directors has unanimously determined that the Handspring merger is advisable and that it is fair
to, and in the best interests of, Handspring and its stockholders, and has unanimously approved the merger agreement. Handsprings board of directors unanimously recommends that Handsprings stockholders vote FOR approval and adoption of
the merger agreement. 

Among other things considered by
Handsprings board of directors in making this recommendation, Handsprings board of directors requested and considered the written opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston LLC described below regarding the fairness, from a financial point of
view and as of the date of such opinion, of the exchange ratio in the Handspring merger to holders of Handspring common stock, other than such holders who are both directors and officers of Handspring or affiliates of such holders. 

Opinion of Handspring Financial Advisor Regarding the Handspring Merger (see page 77) 

On June 3, 2003, Credit Suisse First Boston LLC delivered its oral opinion to Handsprings board of directors, subsequently confirmed in writing as
of June 4, 2003, that, as of that date and subject to the assumptions, considerations and limitations set forth in its opinion, the exchange ratio for Handspring shares provided for in the merger agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to
holders of Handspring common stock other than such holders who are both directors and officers of Handspring or affiliates of such holders. Credit Suisse First Boston provided its opinion for the information and assistance of Handsprings board
of directors in connection with the board of directors consideration of the Handspring merger. The Credit Suisse 



First Boston opinion is not a recommendation as to how any Handspring stockholder should vote with respect to the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement. 

The full text of the written opinion of Credit
Suisse First Boston, which sets forth assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with its opinion, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex D. Handspring stockholders are urged to
read the opinion carefully and in its entirety. Handspring stockholders should carefully consider the discussion of Credit Suisse First Bostons analysis in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Interests of Certain Persons in the Handspring Merger (see page 87) 

Some of the directors and executive officers of Palm and Handspring have personal interests in the Handspring merger that are different from the interests
of other Palm and Handspring stockholders. 

Interests of
Directors and Executive Officers of Palm in the Handspring Merger 

In considering Palms board of directors recommendation that you, as a Palm stockholder, vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement, you should be aware that some of Palms executive officers and directors have interests
in the transaction that are different from, or in addition to, your interests as a Palm stockholder. These interests include, among other things, the following: 



the exercise price and number of shares of Palm common stock issuable upon the exercise of Palm stock options held by executive officers and directors of Palm will be adjusted in
the same manner as other employee stock options upon the PalmSource distribution. As a result, the number of shares of Palm common stock issuable upon the exercise of Palm stock options held by executive officers and directors of Palm may increase
and the exercise price per share of Palm common stock issuable upon the exercise of Palm stock options held by executive officers and directors of Palm may decrease. See The Merger AgreementTreatment of Awards Outstanding Under Stock
Plans and Outstanding Warrants; 



all non-employee directors of PalmSource, including Mr. Benhamou, have been promised an option within 30 days of the PalmSource distribution, to acquire up to 30,000 shares of
PalmSource common stock at an exercise price per share equal to the fair market value of PalmSource common stock on the date of grant; 



R. Todd Bradley, one of Palms directors, will become the new Chief Executive Officer of the combined company, Dr. David C. Nagel will remain the Chief Executive Officer of
PalmSource, which will become a publicly traded company, and Eric Benhamou, Palms current Chairman of the Board and interim Chief Executive Officer, will resign as interim Chief Executive Officer; 



the vesting schedule of options to acquire 60,000 shares of Palm common stock held by Mr. Benhamou will accelerate upon the PalmSource distribution, after which, all 60,000 shares
will be immediately exercisable by Mr. Benhamou; and 



Mr. Benhamou has been promised an option to acquire 5,000 shares of Palm common stock with an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant following completion
of the PalmSource distribution. 

As a result,
certain executive officers and directors of Palm may be more likely to vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement than Palms stockholders generally. 

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers of Handspring in the Handspring Merger 

In considering Handsprings board of directors recommendation that you, as a Handspring stockholder, vote to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and to approve the Handspring merger, you should be aware that 



some of Handsprings executive officers and directors have interests in the Handspring merger that are different from, or in addition to, your interests
as a Handspring stockholder. These interests include, among other things, the following: 



the Handspring stock options held by each of Handsprings non-employee directors will be assumed by Palm in the Handspring merger and will become fully accelerated and
exercisable, in accordance with their terms, for shares of Palm common stock upon the closing of the Handspring merger; 



the Handspring stock option held by William R. Slakey, Handsprings Chief Financial Officer, will be assumed by Palm in the Handspring merger and will accelerate and become
exercisable as to 25% of the unvested shares subject to such option, in accordance with its terms, for shares of Palm common stock upon the closing of the Handspring merger; 



certain employees, including executive officers, of Handspring may be eligible to receive specified benefits under Handsprings retention and severance plan, including cash
severance payments, acceleration of their unvested equity awards and continuation of health coverage, to induce them to remain employed during the pendency of the Handspring merger; 



certain executive officers of Handspring have agreed to employment arrangements with Palm that will become effective upon the completion of the Handspring merger. In particular,
Edward T. Colligan, Handsprings President and Chief Operating Officer, will become Palms Senior Vice President and General Manager for the Wireless Business Unit; Jeffrey C. Hawkins, Handsprings Chief Product Officer and Chairman
of Handsprings board of directors, will become Palms Chief Technology Officer and will serve in this capacity on a part-time basis as he did in his capacity as Chief Product Officer of Handspring; Celeste S. Baranski, Handsprings
Vice President of Engineering, will become a Palm Vice President, Engineering; John Hartnett, Handsprings Vice President of Customer Relations and Operations, will become a Palm Vice President, Global Operations; Joseph L. Sipher,
Handsprings Vice President of Product Marketing, will become a Palm Vice President, Product Management; and Gregory S. Woock, Handsprings Vice President of Worldwide Sales, will become Palms Vice President, Carrier Sales. Other
executive officers may otherwise be employed by Palm following the merger; 



Donna L. Dubinsky, Handsprings Chief Executive Officer and a director of Handspring, and L. John Doerr and Bruce W. Dunlevie, both also members of Handsprings board of
directors, will become members of Palms board of directors upon the consummation of the Handspring merger; and 



directors and executive officers of Handspring have customary rights to continued indemnification against specified liabilities, each has an indemnification agreement with
Handspring that must be maintained by Palm and Palm is required to maintain directors and officers liability insurance for them. 

As a result, certain executive officers and directors of Handspring may be more likely to vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve
the Handspring merger than Handsprings stockholders generally. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners Directors and Management of Palm and Handspring (see pages 47 and 51) 

At the close of business on the record date for the Palm annual meeting, directors and executive officers of Palm and their affiliates beneficially owned
and were entitled to vote approximately     % of the          shares of Palm common stock outstanding on that date. The directors and certain executive officers of Palm have agreed to vote
all of their Palm shares, representing less than 1% of the outstanding Palm common stock on May 28, 2003, in favor of approving and adopting the merger agreement. Approval of the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement requires the
affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Palm common stock. 



At the close of business on the record date for the Handspring special meeting, directors and executive
officers of Handspring and their affiliates beneficially owned and were entitled to vote approximately     % of the      shares of Handspring common stock outstanding on that date. Certain directors and
executive officers of Handspring have agreed to vote Handspring shares representing approximately 37.5% of the outstanding Handspring common stock on May 28, 2003 in favor of approving and adopting the merger agreement.
 Approval of the
proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Handspring common stock. 

Conditions to the Completion of the Transaction (see page 110) 

Several conditions must be satisfied or waived before we complete the transaction, including those summarized below: 



receipt of required approvals from Palm stockholders and Handspring stockholders; 



absence of any law, regulation or order making the transaction illegal or otherwise prohibiting the transaction; 



receipt of antitrust approvals under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and receipt of all other material foreign antitrust approvals; 



absence of any orders or proceedings (1) prohibiting or seeking to prohibit the transaction, (2) limiting, or seeking to limit, Palms ownership of Handspring or (3) seeking to
compel divestiture of assets or other remedies, that, in each case, are material to Palm; 



receipt of opinions by Palm and Handspring from their respective tax counsel that the Handspring merger will qualify as a reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code;



accuracy of each partys respective representations and warranties in the merger agreement, except as would not have a material adverse effect; 



compliance in all material respects by each party with its covenants in the merger agreement; 



absence of a material adverse effect on Palm or Handspring, respectively, from June 4, 2003 to the completion of the merger; 



authorization for listing on the Nasdaq National Market of the shares of PalmSource common stock to be distributed by Palm to Palms stockholders; 



Palm shall have taken all action necessary such that Donna L. Dubinsky, Bruce W. Dunlevie and L. John Doerr, or if they are not available, specified replacements, become directors
of Palm immediately following the completion of the Handspring merger; 



continued acceptance of employment offers from Palm by certain key employees of Handspring identified by Palm and by 80% of certain other employees of Handspring identified by Palm;



receipt of certain third party consents, permits and approvals identified by Palm, and certain events related to a Handspring real property lease shall have taken place;



authorization for listing on the Nasdaq National Market of the shares of Palm common stock to be issued in the Handspring merger; and 



absence of any change in law under which the distribution of PalmSource common stock by Palm to Palms stockholders would fail to qualify as a tax-free distribution under the
Internal Revenue Code. 



Prohibitions on the Solicitation of Other Offers (see page 104) 

The merger agreement contains detailed provisions that prohibit each of Palm and Handspring, and their respective subsidiaries, officers and directors from taking any action to solicit or engage in discussions or
negotiations with, to furnish any nonpublic information to, or to enter into any agreement or commitment with any third party with respect to an acquisition proposal as defined in the merger agreement. Notwithstanding the prohibitions contained in
the merger agreement, if either of Palm or Handspring receives an unsolicited written acquisition proposal that its board of directors concludes in good faith, following the receipt of the advice of its outside legal counsel and its financial
advisor, satisfies, or is reasonably likely to satisfy, certain criteria specified in the merger agreement, then the party receiving such offer may furnish nonpublic information to, and engage in negotiations with, the third party making the
acquisition proposal, if its board of directors concludes in good faith, following the receipt of advice of its outside legal counsel, that failure to do so would result in a breach of its fiduciary obligations under applicable law. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement by Palm and Handspring under Specified Circumstances  (see page 112) 

Under certain circumstances specified in the merger agreement, either Palm or Handspring may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to the
completion of the Handspring merger. These circumstances include: 



by mutual written consent of Palm and Handspring; 



if the transaction has not been completed by January 31, 2004 (which date will be extended to April 30, 2004 if the transaction has not been completed as a result of a failure to
obtain required antitrust approvals, the existence of a governmental regulation or order making the completion of the transaction illegal or otherwise prohibited, or the existence of a pending or threatened suit by any government entity seeking to
challenge or prohibit the transaction or requiring Palm or Handspring to effect certain actions); 



if there is any order of a court or other action or inaction of any governmental authority having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or prohibiting the completion of
the transaction, which is final and nonappealable; 



if the required approval of the stockholders of Palm or Handspring is not obtained, other than as a result of an action or failure to act by the terminating party that constitutes a
material breach of the merger agreement; 



if Palm or Handspring takes or fails to take any of the actions described in the merger agreement as triggering events with respect to such party; 



upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Palm or Handspring in the merger agreement or if any representation or warranty of such party has
become untrue so that the condition to completion of the merger regarding such partys representations and warranties or covenants would not be met; or 



if there is a material adverse effect on the other party since June 4, 2003. 

Payment of a Termination Fee under Specified Circumstances (see page 114) 

Each of Palm and Handspring have agreed to pay to the other a termination fee of up to $4,500,000 if the merger agreement is terminated under certain
specified circumstances. 



Treatment of Awards Outstanding under Stock Plans and Outstanding Warrants (see page 107) 

Outstanding Palm Options and Outstanding Palm Warrants 

When the PalmSource distribution is completed, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Palm common stock will continue in effect. Each option will
be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable documents evidencing such Palm option immediately prior to the PalmSource distribution, including any repurchase rights or vesting provisions, except that each such option
will be adjusted to maintain the same option value immediately before and immediately after the transaction. This adjustment will be accomplished by multiplying the number of shares for which the option is exercisable by a ratio, the numerator of
which will be the closing sales price of Palm common stock on the last full day of trading prior to the PalmSource distribution and the denominator of which will be the opening sales price of Palm common stock on the first full day of trading after
the PalmSource distribution, and multiplying the exercise price at which such option will be exercisable by the inverse of that ratio. Palms board of directors and its compensation committee believe that this adjustment is required by or
advisable under the terms of Palms stock option plans. Accordingly, on July 1, 2003, Palms board of directors amended Palms 1999 Stock Plan and 1999 Director Option Plan to reserve additional shares of Palms common stock
for the sole purpose of effecting such an adjustment. For those employees who are employees of PalmSource, their options will be adjusted as provided above, except that any unvested Palm options will terminate on the distribution date and such
PalmSource employees shall be deemed terminated under their option agreements, giving them a limited number of days to exercise vested options before they expire. 

Outstanding Handspring Options and Outstanding Handspring Warrants 

Handsprings outstanding options and warrants will be assumed by Palm
in the Handspring merger. Each option and warrant so assumed will thereafter represent an option or warrant to purchase up to a number of shares of Palm common stock equal to 0.09 multiplied by the number of Handspring shares such optionee or
warrant holder would be entitled to acquire under the applicable option or warrant agreement, rounded down to the nearest whole share. The exercise price per share of the assumed option or warrant will also be adjusted to an amount determined by
dividing the exercise price per share of the Handspring option or warrant by 0.09, rounded up to the nearest cent. The Handspring options and warrants will otherwise continue to have the same terms and conditions (including vesting schedules and
option periods) as they had prior to their assumption. 

No
adjustment will be made to the exercise price per share on the number of shares issuable upon the exercise of Palms outstanding warrant, but upon exercise the warrant holder will be entitled to receive the number of shares of PalmSource stock
which the warrant holder would have been entitled to receive if the warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the transaction. 

Loan Agreement between Palm and Handspring (see page 118) 

Palm and Handspring have entered into a loan agreement pursuant to which Palm will provide up to an aggregate of $20 million in term loans to Handspring. The term loans will be secured by a first priority security
interest against substantially all of the assets and property of Handspring. Interest will accrue on the term loans at an annual interest rate equal to the prime rate plus 3% and be payable at the end of each calendar quarter. The term loans will
mature upon the earliest of: 



the execution of an agreement (other than the merger agreement), the consummation of which would constitute a change of control of Handspring pursuant to the terms of the loan
agreement; 



if a maturity event of extension, as defined in the loan agreement, occurs, then the term loans will mature nine months from the termination of the merger agreement;





if a maturity event of extension has not occurred, then the term loans will mature two business days following the date of termination of the merger agreement; and



the occurrence of an event of default pursuant to the terms of the loan agreement. 

Handspring may prepay the term loans at any time without penalty or premium. Handspring is required to prepay the term loans
under certain circumstances. Handspring must meet certain conditions in order to borrow under the term loans. 

The loan agreement contains customary events of default for a credit facility of this type, including, among others, failure to make payments when due,
breaches of covenants, breaches of representations and warranties, cross-default to other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, unsatisfied judgment defaults, and ERISA defaults. 

The PalmSource Separation (see page 120) 

Palm and PalmSource entered into certain agreements effective as of December 2001 to generally provide for the assignment by Palm of assets, and the assumption by PalmSource of liabilities, related to the Palm OS business. In June 2003,
Palm and PalmSource entered into additional agreements, some of which amended or amended and restated separation agreements previously entered into by the parties and others further allocated assets and liabilities between Palm and PalmSource in
light of circumstances existing at that time. 

Relationship between Palm and PalmSource Following the Transaction (see page 120) 

Palm and PalmSource will be independent publicly-traded companies following the transaction. However, Palm and PalmSource have entered into a number of
agreements that provide for a continuing business relationship between them, including a software license agreement between them under which Palm will continue to be a licensee of the Palm OS and agreements with Palm Trademark Holding Company, LLC
under which Palm and PalmSource will both continue to use certain Palm-related trademarks and domain names.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Transaction (see page 93) 

In general, Palm stockholders will not recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes, except with respect to cash received instead
of fractional shares, as a result of the receipt of PalmSource shares in the distribution. Palm has received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, to the effect that the PalmSource distribution will qualify as a tax-free
transaction under Sections 355 and 368 of the Internal Revenue Code. This ruling is generally binding on the IRS, subject to the continuing accuracy of certain factual representations and warranties. Although some facts have changed since the
issuance of the ruling, neither Palm nor PalmSource is aware of any material change in the facts and circumstances of the PalmSource distribution that would call into question the validity of the ruling. 

In general, Handspring stockholders will not recognize gain or loss for
United States federal income tax purposes, except with respect to cash received instead of fractional shares as a result of the receipt of Palm shares in the combination of Palm and Handspring in a merger transaction. It is a condition to the
Handspring merger that Palm and Handspring receive legal opinions from their respective tax counsel to the effect that the merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Accounting Treatment (see page 93) 

Following the PalmSource distribution, the operations of PalmSource will be accounted for by Palm as a discontinued operation. The Handspring merger will be accounted for by Palm as a purchase for financial accounting purposes.



Regulatory Approvals (see page 93) 

The Handspring merger is subject to antitrust laws. Palm and Handspring are required to make filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976 with the United States Department of Justice and the United States Federal
Trade Commission. Palm and Handspring are not permitted to complete the Handspring merger until the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act has expired or been terminated. Palm and Handspring are also required to make other
applicable foreign antitrust filings and may not complete the Handspring merger until all material foreign antitrust approvals have been obtained. In addition, the reviewing agencies or governments, states or private persons may challenge the
Handspring merger at any time before or after its completion. Palm and Handspring have not yet obtained any of the governmental or regulatory approvals required to complete the Handspring merger. 

Nasdaq Listing (see pages 93-95) 

It is a condition to the transaction that the Palm common stock issued to Handspring stockholders and the PalmSource common stock distributed to Palm stockholders be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market. Palm has agreed to use
all reasonable efforts to authorize for listing these shares on the Nasdaq National Market. 

Appraisal Rights (see page 96) 

The Delaware General Corporation Law does not provide appraisal rights to holders of Palm common stock or Handspring common stock in connection with the transaction. 



PALM, INC. 

SUMMARY SELECTED HISTORICAL CONDENSED 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

The tables below present summary selected historical condensed consolidated
financial data of Palm. The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto) and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations in Palms annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2002 and Palms quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed for the nine-month period ended February 28, 2003, which are incorporated by reference into this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. 

The consolidated statements of
operations data for each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2002 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of May 31, 2001 and 2002 have been derived from Palms audited consolidated financial statements which are incorporated by
reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, whose report is also incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The condensed consolidated
statement of operations data for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 1999 and the condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of May 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 have been derived from Palms audited consolidated financial statements
not included or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. On February 26, 2000, Palm legally separated from 3Com Corporation. Through the date of its separation from 3Com, Palms costs and expenses included
allocations of certain 3Com corporate services and infrastructure costs. After its separation from 3Com, Palms costs and expenses included amounts paid to 3Com for certain leased facilities and transitional services. On October 15, 2002, Palm
effected a one-for-twenty reverse stock split of its common stock. All per share amounts reflect the retroactive effects of this reverse stock split. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior periods to conform to the current period
presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on net income (loss) or net income (loss) per share. 

The condensed consolidated statement of operations data for the nine months ended February 28, 2002 and 2003 and the condensed consolidated balance sheet
data as of February 28, 2003 have been derived from unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus and, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring accruals, that are necessary for a fair presentation of Palms financial position and results of operations for these periods. 

The historical financial information may not be indicative of Palms future performance. 



PALM, INC. 

SUMMARY SELECTED HISTORICAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended May 31,(1)

Nine Months Ended
February 28,(1)

(Unaudited)

Consolidated Statements of Operations Data:(3)

Revenues

$

272,137

$

563,525

$

1,057,597

$

1,559,312

$

1,030,831

$

797,548

$

646,188

Costs and operating expenses:

Cost of revenues

158,127

315,607

612,278

1,060,878

745,525

593,942

439,349

Cost of revenuescharge (benefit) for special excess inventory and related costs

  

  

  

268,930

(101,844

)

(86,415

)

  

Sales and marketing

70,765

127,756

236,734

337,275

237,225

183,403

136,947

Research and development

21,485

45,161

73,272

159,050

141,698

111,503

83,217

General and administrative

15,299

23,692

50,916

87,842

56,444

42,508

37,260

Amortization of goodwill and intangible assets*

  

3,378

37,321

12,531

9,184

5,648

Separation costs

  

  

19,570

5,468

1,542

5,508

Impairment charges

  

  

  

106,669

  

  

102,540

Restructuring charges

  

  

  

60,888

46,553

25,988

37,520

Purchased in-process technology

  

2,125

  

1,063

  

  

  

Total costs and operating expenses

265,676

515,186

996,148

2,125,384

1,139,674

880,489

847,989

Operating income (loss)

6,461

48,339

61,449

(566,072

)

(108,843

)

(82,941

)

(201,801

)

Interest and other income (expense), net

(56

)

(223

)

16,364

41,881

2,513

(2,350

)

Income (loss) before income taxes

6,405

48,116

77,813

(524,191

)

(107,905

)

(80,428

)

(204,151

)

Income tax provision (benefit)

2,234

18,488

31,903

(167,715

)

(25,737

)

(25,737

)

223,410

Net income (loss)

$

4,171

$

29,628

$

45,910

$

(356,476

)

$

(82,168

)

$

(54,691

)

$

(427,561

)

Net income (loss) per share:(2)

Basic

$

0.16

$

1.11

$

1.70

$

(12.59

)

$

(2.87

)

$

(1.92

)

$

(14.73

)

Diluted

$

0.16

$

1.11

$

1.70

$

(12.59

)

$

(2.87

)

$

(1.92

)

$

(14.73

)

Shares used in computing net income (loss) per share:(2)

Basic

26,600

26,600

26,987

28,307

28,640

28,541

29,032

Diluted

26,600

26,600

26,993

28,307

28,640

28,541

29,032

*Amortization of goodwill and intangible assets:

Cost of revenues

$

  

$

$

1,350

$

4,135

$

6,306

$

4,543

$

4,841

Sales and marketing

  

  

Research and development

  

1,494

32,610

6,137

4,586

General and administrative

  

Total amortization of goodwill and intangible assets

$

  

$

$

3,378

$

37,321

$

12,531

$

9,184

$

5,648



As of May 31,(1)

As of
February 28,
2003(1)

(Unaudited)

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:(3)

Cash and cash equivalents

$

  

$

$

1,062,128

$

513,769

$

278,547

$

259,407

Short-term investments

  

  

  

  

17,970

5,063

Working capital

53,354

12,682

1,012,476

350,668

245,181

136,329

Total assets

115,359

152,247

1,282,676

1,297,251

989,096

604,657

Payable to 3Com Corporation

15,617

40,509

18,374

  

  

  

Long-term convertible debt

  

  

  

  

50,000

50,000

Minority interests in consolidated subsidiary

  

  

  

  

  

20,000

Total stockholders equity

65,675

34,018

1,029,188

734,152

690,848

266,756

(1)

Palm has a fiscal year that ends on the Friday nearest May 31 and a third fiscal quarter that ends on the Friday nearest February 28. Fiscal years 1998, 1999, 2001 and 2002 each
contained 52 weeks, whereas fiscal year 2000 contained 53 weeks. For presentation purposes, the consolidated financial statements refer to the calendar month end. 

(2)

On October 15, 2002, Palm effected a one-for-twenty reverse stock split. All per share amounts reflect the retroactive effects of this reverse stock split. 

(3)

Certain prior period balances have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on previously reported net income (loss).



HANDSPRING, INC. 

SUMMARY SELECTED HISTORICAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

The tables below present summary selected historical condensed consolidated financial data of Handspring. The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
(including the notes thereto) and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Handsprings annual report on Form 10-K, as amended by Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2002 and
Handsprings quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed for the nine month period ended March 31, 2003, which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The condensed consolidated statement of operations data for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2002 and
the condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of June 30, 2001 and 2002 have been derived from Handsprings audited consolidated financial statements, incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and have been
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, whose report is also incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The condensed consolidated statement of operations data for the period from July 29, 1998 (the
date of inception) to June 30, 1999 and the condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of June 30, 1999 and 2000 have been derived from Handsprings audited consolidated financial statements not included or incorporated by reference into this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior periods to conform to the current period presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on net loss or net loss per share. 

The condensed consolidated statement of operations data for the nine months
ended March 31, 2002 and 2003 and the condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of March 31, 2003 have been derived from unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that are necessary for a fair presentation of Handsprings financial position and results of operations for these
periods. 

The historical financial information may not be
indicative of Handsprings future performance. 



HANDSPRING, INC. 

SUMMARY SELECTED HISTORICAL CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

(in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

Period from
July 29, 1998
(date of
inception) to
June 30, 1999

Years Ended June 30,(1)

Nine Months Ended
March 31,(1)

(Unaudited)

Consolidated Statements of Operations Data:(2)

Revenues

$

  

$

101,937

$

370,943

$

240,651

$

191,641

$

132,793

Costs and operating expenses:

Cost of revenues

  

69,921

292,311

205,917

168,934

100,926

Research and development

2,738

10,281

23,603

24,739

19,318

16,510

Selling, general and administrative

2,451

42,424

145,132

85,612

66,679

51,761

Amortization of deferred stock compensation and intangible assets (*)

3,646

40,077

32,830

20,181

16,476

6,968

In-process research and development

  

  

12,225

  

  

  

Sunnyvale lease restructuring

  

  

  

  

  

75,931

Total costs and operating expenses

8,835

162,703

506,101

336,449

271,407

252,096

Loss from operations

(8,835

)

(60,766

)

(135,158

)

(95,798

)

(79,766

)

(119,303

)

Interest and other income, net

12,195

5,259

4,520

1,531

Loss before taxes

(8,389

)

(60,091

)

(122,963

)

(90,539

)

(75,246

)

(117,772

)

Income tax provision

  

3,000

1,050

Net loss

$

(8,389

)

$

(60,291

)

$

(125,963

)

$

(91,589

)

$

(76,196

)

$

(118,010

)

Net loss per share:

Basic and diluted

$

(0.71

)

$

(1.77

)

$

(1.21

)

$

(0.71

)

$

(0.61

)

$

(0.81

)

Shares used in computing net loss per share:

Basic and diluted

11,772

34,015

103,896

128,221

124,568

144,815

(*)Amortization of deferred stock compensation and intangible assets:

Cost of revenues

$

$

5,904

$

4,521

$

2,586

$

2,107

$

Research and development

1,217

8,059

6,926

4,672

3,836

1,415

Selling, general and administrative

1,903

26,114

21,383

12,923

10,533

4,634

Total amortization of deferred stock compensation and intangible assets

$

3,646

$

40,077

$

32,830

$

20,181

$

16,476

$

6,968

As of June 30,(1)

As of

March 31,
2003(1)

(Unaudited)

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: (2)

Cash and cash equivalents

$

7,533

$

196,548

$

87,580

$

85,554

$

45,200

Short-term investments

6,234

  

33,943

15,235

8,006

Restricted investments

  

2,114

53,634

49,482

11,131

Working capital

13,108

182,662

48,670

(22,217

)

9,484

Total assets

15,631

230,472

253,235

290,154

99,394

Long-term liabilities, net of current portion

  

  

  

16,282

Redeemable convertible preferred stock

17,972

  

  

  

  

Total stockholders equity (deficit)

(3,616

)

194,229

145,202

122,906

18,239

(1)

Effective July 1, 1999, Handspring has a fiscal year that ends on the Saturday nearest June 30 and a third fiscal quarter that ends on the Saturday nearest March 31. During the
period from July 29, 1998 (date of inception) to June 30, 1999, its fiscal months corresponded with the calendar month ends. Fiscal years 2001 and 2002 contained 52 weeks. For presentation purposes, the consolidated financial statements refer to the
calendar month end. 

(2)

Certain prior period balances have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation. 



PALMSOURCE, INC. 

SUMMARY COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following selected combined and consolidated financial data of PalmSource
reflect its historical results of operations and balance sheet data. PalmSources combined and consolidated statement of operations data set forth below for the years ended May 31, 2000, May 31, 2001 and May 31, 2002 and the combined and
consolidated balance sheet data as of May 31, 2001 and May 31, 2002 are derived from its audited combined and consolidated financial statements included in Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The combined and consolidated statement of operations data for the years
ended May 31, 1998 and May 31, 1999 and the combined and consolidated balance sheet data as of May 31, 1998, May 31, 1999 and May 31, 2000 are derived from PalmSources unaudited combined and consolidated financial statements that are not
included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The combined and consolidated statement of operations data for the nine months ended February 28, 2002 and 2003 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of February 28, 2003 are derived
from PalmSources unaudited combined and consolidated financial statements included in Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and, in the opinion of PalmSource management, include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring
adjustments, that are necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position and results of operations for these periods. Results for the nine months ended February 28, 2003 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the
entire year. 

The unaudited pro forma data are presented
assuming the conversion of outstanding Series A mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock, and the re-capitalization, giving effect to a one for five reverse stock split as of the distribution date, of the issued and
outstanding shares of common stock of PalmSource. The unaudited pro forma balance sheet also gives effect to the intended assumption by PalmSource of $15.0 million of the 5% convertible subordinated note, payable to a third party and held by Palm
and the recapitalization of the $20.0 million note payable to Palm as additional paid in capital, immediately prior to the distribution date in accordance with the terms of the amended and restated intercompany loan agreement. In addition, the
unaudited pro forma balance sheet also gives effect to the contribution by Palm, in accordance with the terms of the letter agreement regarding cash contributions, of an additional $6.0 million in cash upon the distribution date. The unaudited pro
forma basic and diluted net loss per share does not include the impact of interest expense related to the assumption of $15.0 million of the 5% convertible subordinated note which will occur at the closing of this transaction. Interest payable on
this note is payable semi-annually and the note is due and payable on December 6, 2006. 

The financial information presented below may not be indicative of PalmSources future performance and does not necessarily reflect what its financial position and results of operations would have been had we
operated as a separate, stand-alone entity during the periods presented. See Annex ARisk FactorsRisks Relating to Our Separation from PalmOur historical financial information may not be representative of our results as a
stand-alone company and therefore, may not be reliable as an indicator of future results. In addition, due to the acquisitions that PalmSource has made, and the change in its method of accounting for goodwill and intangible assets in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets effective June 1, 2001, PalmSources results of operations are not necessarily comparable between the periods presented. In
addition, PalmSources historical combined and consolidated balance sheet data set forth below is not comparable to the pro forma balance sheet data set forth below due to the transactions anticipated to occur as of the distribution date
discussed above. You should also read the section titled Annex A  Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which describes a number of factors that have affected
PalmSources financial results. 



Years Ended May 31,

Nine Months Ended
February 28,

(Unaudited)

(Unaudited)

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Combined and Consolidated Statement Of Operations Data:

Revenues

$

11,058

$

22,826

$

47,966

$

86,432

$

69,883

$

51,350

$

56,112

Cost of revenues

1,404

2,941

5,449

10,603

7,677

8,396

Gross profit

10,746

21,422

45,025

80,983

59,280

43,673

47,716

Total operating expenses

16,725

33,464

63,177

104,823

84,496

63,501

59,242

Loss from operations

(5,979

)

(12,042

)

(18,152

)

(23,840

)

(25,216

)

(19,828

)

(11,526

)

Interest expense

  

(11

)

(12

)

(65

)

(256

)

(130

)

(378

)

Interest and other income (expense), net

  

(50

)

(421

)

(29

)

(4,382

)

Loss before income taxes

(5,979

)  

(11,968

)

(18,214

)

(23,829

)

(25,893

)

(19,987

)

(16,286

)

Income tax provision

  

  

1,655

2,034

Net loss

$

(5,979

)

$

(11,968

)

$

(19,869

)

$

(23,838

)

$

(26,158

)

$

(20,191

)

$

(18,320

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.60

)

$

(1.20

)

$

(1.99

)

$

(2.38

)

$

(2.62

)

$

(2.02

)

$

(1.83

)

Weighted average shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share

10,000

10,000

10,000

10,000

10,000

10,000

10,000

Unaudited pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(1.72

)

Shares used in computing unaudited pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share amounts

10,667

50,000 shares of PalmSource Series A mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock issued on December 3, 2001, the date of incorporation of PalmSource, were converted to
50,000,000 shares of Class C common stock on May 9, 2002 which will be re-capitalized as 10,000,000 shares of common stock effective as of the distribution. We used 10,000,000 shares outstanding for the purpose of calculating earnings per share for
all periods presented. 

As of May 31,

As of

February 28,

Pro Forma

As of

February 28,

(Unaudited)

(Unaudited)

(Unaudited)

(Unaudited)

(in thousands)

Combined and Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:

Cash and cash equivalents

  

$

$

$

$

30,688

$

39,654

$

45,654

Working capital (deficit)

$

(2,405

)

(1,514

)

(15,669

)

(21,457

)

16,890

23,510

28,896

Total assets

18,017

16,992

61,490

107,316

107,448

113,448

Note payable to Palm, including accrued interest

  

  

  

  

20,238

20,614

  

Series A mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock

  

  

  

  

  

20,000

  

Total stockholders equity / net investment (deficit)

(1,551

)

12,431

(12,869

)

29,611

48,299

28,066

59,066



PALM, INC. 

SUMMARY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED 

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following summary unaudited pro forma combined condensed selected
financial data should be read in conjunction with Palms unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The summary unaudited pro forma combined
condensed financial data for the year ended May 31, 2002 and the nine months ended February 28, 2003, gives effect to the PalmSource distribution and Handspring merger. Effective as of the distribution date, PalmSource will be recapitalized,
resulting in 10 million shares of common stock outstanding and held by Palm. As a result, each Palm stockholder will receive approximately 0.34 of a share of PalmSource common stock for each share of Palm common stock held as of the distribution
date. For purposes of the following summary unaudited pro forma combined condensed selected financial data, the distribution ratio is calculated based on Palms outstanding shares of common stock as of May 31, 2003 and is subject to change
based on the issuance of additional shares of Palm common stock between May 31, 2003 and the distribution date. Upon the PalmSource distribution, the PalmSource Series A mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock will convert to
approximately 667,000 shares of PalmSource common stock. The operations of PalmSource following the PalmSource distribution will be accounted for by Palm as a discontinued operation as defined under Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS)
No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. Following the PalmSource distribution, Palm will combine its remaining business with Handspring in a merger transaction. The stockholders of Handspring will receive 0.09 of a
share of Palm common stock for each share of Handspring common stock held at the time of the Handspring merger. The proposed Handspring merger will be accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. 

The summary unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations
data for the year ended May 31, 2002 and the nine months ended February 28, 2003 gives effect to the above transactions as if they had occurred on June 1, 2001. The summary unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations data for the
year ended May 31, 2002 has been derived from the audited historical consolidated statement of operations of Palm for the year ended May 31, 2002, after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution and from the audited historical consolidated
statement of operations of Handspring for the year ended June 30, 2002. The summary unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations data for the nine months ended February 28, 2003 has been derived from the unaudited condensed
consolidated statement of operations data for Palm for the nine months ended February 28, 2003, after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution, and from the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations of Handspring for the nine
months ended March 31, 2003. 

The summary unaudited pro forma
combined condensed statement of operations data for the year ended May 31, 2002 and the nine months ended February 28, 2003 have been derived by eliminating the PalmSource business from the historical Palm financial results and recording cost of
revenues for royalties due to PalmSource under the software license agreement, as amended, between PalmSource and Palm. The results are further combined with the Handspring historical statements of operations and include estimated adjustments to
reflect the purchase method of accounting. The adjustments for purchase accounting were estimated based on significant assumptions including the timing of the close of the transaction. Upon the Handspring merger, the combined company will operate
under a single software license agreement with PalmSource. The summary pro forma combined condensed statement of operations data reflects the historical software license agreements with PalmSource which were in effect at that time for each
respective company. All per share data amounts reflect the retroactive effects of the Palm one-for-twenty reverse stock split effective October 15, 2002. 

The summary unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of February 28, 2003 gives effect to the above transactions as if
they occurred on February 28, 2003, with the exception that the 



purchase accounting adjustments were estimated based on the anticipated closing of the transaction. The summary unaudited pro forma condensed combined
balance sheet data as of February 28, 2003 has been derived from the unaudited historical condensed consolidated balance sheet of Palm as of February 28, 2003, after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution, and the unaudited historical
condensed consolidated balance sheet of Handspring as of March 31, 2003. The summary unaudited pro forma condensed balance sheet data as of February 28, 2003 has been derived by eliminating the PalmSource business from the historical Palm financial
results and recording the receivable from and payable to PalmSource, which were eliminated in consolidation of Palms historical consolidated financial statements, and taking into effect certain transactions that will occur at the date of the
distribution. The results are further combined with the Handspring historical condensed balance sheet data and include estimated adjustments to reflect the purchase method of accounting. 

The total estimated purchase price of the acquisition of Handspring has been allocated on a preliminary basis to assets
acquired and liabilities assumed based upon managements best estimates of their expected fair value at the time of the anticipated closing of the transaction, with the excess cost over the net tangible and estimated intangible assets acquired
being allocated to goodwill. This allocation is subject to change pending a final analysis of the total purchase cost and the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The impact of these changes could be material. 

The unaudited pro forma information is presented for illustrative purposes
only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position that would have been achieved if the PalmSource distribution and Handspring merger had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented, nor is it
necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial position. Actual results could differ. The pro forma adjustments are based upon information and assumptions available as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The pro
forma information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes thereto, with Palm and Handsprings historical financial statements and related notes thereto incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and
with PalmSources historical financial statements and related notes thereto included in Annex A of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Year Ended
May 31, 2002

Nine Months Ended
February 28, 2003

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statement of Operations Data:

Revenues

$

  1,245,039

$

753,284

Net loss

$

(183,081

)

$

(552,345

)

Net loss per share, basic and diluted

$

(4.56

)

$

(13.13

)

As of
February 28, 2003

(In thousands)

Pro Forma Combined Condensed Balance Sheet Data:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

258,953

Short-term investments

$

13,069

Working capital

$

100,098

Total assets

$

769,387

Long-term debt

$

37,300

Total stockholders equity

$

399,763



COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA 

The following table sets forth certain historical per share data of Palm, PalmSource and Handspring and the per share data of Palm, PalmSource and Handspring on an unaudited pro forma basis after giving effect to the
PalmSource distribution and the Handspring merger. Effective as of the date of the PalmSource distribution, PalmSource will be recapitalized, resulting in 10 million shares of common stock outstanding and held by Palm. As a result, each Palm
stockholder will receive approximately 0.34 of a share of PalmSource common stock for each share of Palm common stock held as of the distribution date. For purposes of this unaudited pro forma per share data, the distribution ratio is calculated
based on Palms outstanding shares as of May 31, 2003 and is subject to change based on the issuance of additional shares of Palm common stock between May 31, 2003 and the distribution date. Upon the PalmSource distribution, the Series A
mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock will convert to approximately 667,000 shares of common stock. Subsequent to the distribution, each Handspring stockholder will receive 0.09 of a share of Palm common stock for each share of
Handspring common stock held at the time of the merger. All Palm per share data amounts reflect the retroactive effect of the Palm one-for-twenty reverse stock split effective October 15, 2002. PalmSource historical per share data amounts give
effect retroactively to the recapitalization of PalmSource common stock. PalmSource pro forma per share data gives effect to both the recapitalization of PalmSource common stock and the conversion of the PalmSource Series A mandatorily redeemable
convertible preferred stock. 

The following data should be read
in conjunction with the separate historical consolidated financial statements of Palm and Handspring and related notes thereto incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and with PalmSources combined and consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere within this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The unaudited pro forma per share data is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position that would have occurred if the PalmSource
distribution and Handspring merger had taken place at the beginning of the earliest period presented, nor is it necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial position. Actual results could differ. 

The earnings per share information of Palm, PalmSource and Handspring are
computed in accordance with SFAS No. 128, Earnings Per Share, for all periods presented. 

Other than the $150 million cash dividend paid to 3Com Corporation, Palms former parent company, out of the proceeds from Palms initial public offering, Palm has not declared or paid cash dividends on its
common stock since inception. PalmSource and Handspring have not declared or paid cash dividends on their common stock since inception. 



Year Ended
May 31, 2002(7)

Nine Months Ended
February 28, 2003(7)

PALM HISTORICAL:

Net loss per share:

Basic and diluted

$

(2.87

)

$

(14.73

)

Book value per share at the end of the period(1)

$

23.86

$

9.17

PALMSOURCE HISTORICAL(2):

Net loss per share:

Basic and diluted

$

(2.62

)

$

(1.83

)

Book value per share at the end of the period(1)

$

4.83

$

2.81

HANDSPRING HISTORICAL:

Net loss per share:

Basic and diluted

$

(0.71

)

$

(0.81

)

Book value per share at the end of the period(1)

$

0.86

$

0.12

PALM PRO FORMA:

Pro forma net loss per Palm share(3):

Basic and diluted

$

(4.56

)

$

(13.13

)

Pro forma book value per Palm share at February 28, 2003(4)

$

9.42

PALMSOURCE PRO FORMA(2):

Pro forma net loss per equivalent PalmSource share(5):

Basic and diluted

$

(2.62

)

$

(1.72

)

Pro forma book value per equivalent PalmSource share at February 28, 2003(4)

$

5.54

HANDSPRING PRO FORMA:

Pro forma net loss per equivalent Handspring share(6):

Basic and diluted

$

(0.41

)

$

(1.18

)

Pro forma book value per Handspring equivalent share at February 28, 2003(6)

$

0.85

(1)

Historical book value per share is computed by dividing total stockholders equity by the number of shares of Palm, PalmSource or Handspring common stock, as applicable,
outstanding as of the end of each period. 

(2)

PalmSource historical per share data gives effect retroactively to the recapitalization of PalmSource common stock, resulting in 10 million shares of common stock outstanding and
held by Palm. PalmSource pro forma per share data gives effect to both the recapitalization and the conversion of PalmSource Series A mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock into approximately 667,000 shares of common stock.

(3)

The Palm pro forma per share information is computed by dividing the Palm and Handspring combined pro forma net loss (excluding the PalmSource pro forma net loss) by the pro forma
weighted average number of shares outstanding at the end of each period assuming the PalmSource distribution and the Handspring merger had occurred at June 1, 2001. 

(4)

Pro forma book value per share is computed by dividing pro forma total stockholders equity by the pro forma number of shares of Palm common stock outstanding or the pro forma
equivalent number of shares of PalmSource common stock outstanding at February 28, 2003 assuming the PalmSource distribution and the Handspring merger had occurred on that date. 

(5)

The PalmSource pro forma equivalent per share information is calculated by dividing the PalmSource net loss for each period by PalmSources pro forma weighted average number of
shares outstanding at the end of each period assuming the PalmSource distribution had occurred on June 1, 2001. 

(6)

The Handspring equivalent pro forma per share information is calculated by multiplying the Palm pro forma per share information (excluding the PalmSource pro forma net loss) by the
exchange ratio in the Handspring merger of 0.09 of a share of Palm common stock for each share of Handspring common stock. 

(7)

Since Handspring and Palm have different fiscal period ends, financial information for Palm as of or for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2002 and the nine months ended February 28,
2003 has been combined with financial information relating to Handspring as of or for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2002 and the nine months ended March 31, 2003, respectively. All per share data information for Palm reflect the retroactive effects
of the one-for-twenty reverse stock split of Palm common stock effective as of October 15, 2002. 



COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA 

Palm common stock trades on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol PALM. Handspring common stock trades on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol HAND. 

The table below sets forth the high and low sales price per share of Palm
common stock and Handspring common stock, each as reported on the Nasdaq National Market on June 3, 2003, the last completed trading day prior to the signing and announcement of the Handspring merger, and on
            , 2003, the last full trading day for which high and low sales prices were available as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The table below also includes the
equivalent high and low sales prices per share of Handspring common stock on those dates. These equivalent high and low sales prices per share of Handspring reflect the fluctuating value of Palm common stock that Handspring stockholders would
receive in exchange for each share of Handspring common stock if the Handspring merger was completed on either of those dates, applying the exchange ratio of 0.09 of a share of Palm common stock for each share of Handspring common stock. 

Because the high and low sales prices of Palm presented in the table
below do not reflect the PalmSource distribution, the Palm stock prices and the Handspring equivalent per share prices may not necessarily be meaningful to Handspring stockholders in determining whether to approve and adopt the merger agreement.

Palm
Common Stock

Handspring
Common Stock

Handspring
Equivalent
Price Per Share

High

Low

High

Low

High

Low

June 3, 2003

$

12.24

$

12.00

$

1.25

$

1.06

$

1.10

$

1.08

_____, 2003

$

___

$

___

$

___

$

___

$

___

$

___

The above table shows
only historical comparisons. These comparisons may not provide meaningful information to Palm or Handspring stockholders in determining whether to approve and adopt the merger agreement. Palm and Handspring stockholders are urged to obtain current
market quotations for Palm and Handspring common stock and to review carefully the other information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus in considering whether
to approve and adopt the merger agreement. See Where You Can Find More Information beginning on page 
205 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.



RISK FACTORS 

You should
carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You should also carefully consider the risks related to PalmSource contained in Annex A of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The
business, results of operations or financial condition of Palm, Handspring and/or PalmSource could be seriously harmed if any of these risks materialize. The trading price of shares of Palm, Handspring and/or PalmSource common stock may also decline
due to any of these risks. 

Throughout this section
Risk Factors, we sometimes refer to the surviving company of the Handspring merger as the combined company, which will consist of the Solutions Group business and the Handspring business. 

Risks Related to the Transaction 

Although we expect that the transaction will result in benefits to the combined company, the combined company may not realize those benefits because of integration and other challenges. 

The failure of the combined company to meet the challenges involved in
integrating the operations of the Solutions Group and Handspring successfully or otherwise to realize any of the anticipated benefits of the transaction, including the anticipated annual cost savings of approximately $25 million from improved
operating efficiencies, could seriously harm the results of operations of the combined company. Realizing the benefits of the transaction will depend in part on the integration of technology, operations and personnel. The integration of the
companies is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process that, without proper planning and implementation, could significantly disrupt the respective businesses of the Solutions Group and Handspring. The challenges involved in this integration
include the following: 



overcoming any perceived adverse changes in business focus, including demonstrating to the customers of the Solutions Group and Handspring that the transaction will not result in
adverse changes in customer service standards or business focus and helping customers conduct business easily with the combined company; 



consolidating operations, including rationalizing corporate information technology and administrative infrastructures; 



combining product offerings; 



coordinating sales and marketing efforts to effectively communicate the capabilities of the combined company; 



coordinating and rationalizing research and development activities to enhance introduction of new products and technologies with reduced cost; 



preserving distribution, manufacturing, supplier, marketing and other important relationships of both the Solutions Group and Handspring and resolving potential conflicts that may
arise; 



minimizing the diversion of management attention from ongoing business concerns and successfully returning the Solutions Group and Handspring managers to regular business
responsibilities from their integration planning activities; 



overcoming potential incompatibility of the business cultures of the Solutions Group and Handspring; 



retaining key employees and maintaining employee morale; and 



coordinating and combining foreign operations, relationships and facilities, which may be subject to additional constraints imposed by local laws and regulations.



The combined company may not successfully integrate the operations of the Solutions Group and Handspring
in a timely manner, or at all, and the combined company may not realize the anticipated benefits and synergies of the tranaction which are based on projections and assumptions, not actual experience, and assume a successful integration. In addition
to the integration risks discussed above, the combined companys ability to realize these benefits and synergies could be adversely impacted by practical or legal constraints on its ability to combine operations. 

Handspring stockholders will receive a fixed ratio of 0.09 of a share
of Palm common stock for each share of Handspring common stock, and consequently, if Palms stock price decreases for any reason, including as a result of the PalmSource distribution, Handspring stockholders will receive less in value for their
Handspring common stock. 

Upon the closing of the
Handspring merger, each holder of shares of Handspring common stock will be entitled to receive 0.09 of a share of Palm common stock for each share of Handspring common stock held by such holder at the closing of the Handspring merger. The market
values of Palm common stock and Handspring common stock have varied since Palm and Handspring entered into the merger agreement and will continue to vary in the future due to changes in the business, operations or prospects of Palm and Handspring,
market assessments of the value of the PalmSource common stock to be distributed by Palm, market assessments of the Handspring merger, regulatory considerations, market and economic considerations and other factors. The dollar value of Palm common
stock that Handspring stockholders will receive upon the closing of the Handspring merger will depend on the market value of Palm common stock at the time of the closing of the Handspring merger, which may be different from, and lower than, the
closing price of Palm common stock on the last full trading day preceding the public announcement of the transaction, the last full trading day prior to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the date of the Palm annual meeting and
Handspring special meeting. Handspring stockholders will not receive any shares of PalmSource common stock in the transaction, and is uncertain the effect that the PalmSource distribution will have on Palms stock price following the
transaction. Moreover, the closing of the Handspring merger may occur some time after stockholder approval has been obtained. There will be no adjustment to the exchange ratio (except for adjustments to reflect the effect of any stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like change with respect to Palm common stock or Handspring common stock, other than with respect to the PalmSource distribution), and the parties do not have a
right to terminate the merger agreement based upon changes in the market price of either Palm common stock or Handspring common stock. Accordingly, if Palms stock price decreases, Handsprings stockholders will receive less in value for
their shares of Handspring common stock. 

The combined
post-distribution value of the shares of Palm common stock and PalmSource common stock may not equal or exceed the pre-distribution value of shares of Palm common stock. 

After the PalmSource distribution, we anticipate that shares of Palm common stock will continue to be traded on the Nasdaq
National Market and we expect the shares of PalmSource common stock will also be traded on the Nasdaq National Market. We cannot assure you that the combined trading prices of shares of Palm common stock and PalmSource common stock after the
PalmSource distribution will be equal to or greater than the trading price of shares of Palm common stock prior to the distribution. Until the market has fully evaluated the business of Palm without the business of PalmSource and combined with the
business of Handspring, the price at which shares of Palm common stock trade may fluctuate significantly. Similarly, until the market has fully evaluated the PalmSource business on a stand-alone basis, the price at which shares of PalmSource common
stock trade may fluctuate significantly. 

Some of the
directors and executive officers of Palm and Handspring have interests and arrangements that could have affected their decisions to support or approve the transaction. 

The interests of some of the directors and officers of Palm and Handspring in the transaction and their participation in
arrangements that are different from, or are in addition to, those of Palm and Handspring 



stockholders generally could have affected their decision to support or approve the transaction. See The TransactionInterests of Certain Persons
in the Merger.

Palm and Handspring
may be unable to obtain the regulatory approvals required to complete the transaction or, in order to do so, the combined company may be required to comply with material restrictions or conditions. 

The Handspring merger is subject to review by the United States Federal
Trade Commission under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. Palm and Handspring are required to make filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and the statutory waiting period must expire or be terminated early prior to completing
the Handspring merger. Each of Palm and Handspring may also receive a request for additional information and other documentary material from the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act in connection with the Handspring merger. This
request would effectively extend the waiting period for the Handspring merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act until 30 days after both parties substantially comply with the request for additional information. In practice, complying with a request
for additional information or material under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act can take a significant amount of time. In addition, the Handspring merger may be subject to review by the governmental authorities of various other jurisdictions under the
antitrust laws of those jurisdictions. 

The reviewing
authorities may not permit the Handspring merger at all or may impose restrictions or conditions on the Handspring merger that may seriously harm the combined company if the Handspring merger is completed. These conditions could include a complete
or partial license, divestiture, spin-off or the holding separate of assets or businesses. Palm may refuse to complete the Handspring merger if material restrictions or conditions are required by governmental authorities. Any delay in the completion
of the Handspring merger could diminish the anticipated benefits of the Handspring merger, result in additional transaction costs or result in loss of revenue or other effects associated with uncertainty about the transaction. 

Palm and Handspring also may agree to restrictions or conditions imposed by
antitrust authorities in order to obtain regulatory approval, and these restrictions or conditions could harm the combined companys operations. Unless required by law, no additional stockholder approval is expected to be required for any
decision by Palm or Handspring, after the annual meeting of Palm stockholders and the special meeting of Handspring stockholders, to agree to any terms and conditions necessary to resolve any regulatory objections to the Handspring merger.

In addition, during or after the statutory waiting periods,
and even after the completion of the Handspring merger, governmental authorities could seek to block or challenge the Handspring merger as they deem necessary or desirable in the public interest. Moreover, in some jurisdictions, a competitor,
customer or other third party could initiate a private action under the antitrust laws challenging or seeking to enjoin the Handspring merger, before or after it is completed. Palm, Handspring or the combined company may not prevail, or may incur
significant costs, in defending or settling any action under the antitrust laws. 

The stock prices and businesses of Palm and Handspring may be adversely affected if the transaction is not completed. 

If the transaction is not completed, the trading prices of Palm common stock and Handspring common stock may decline. In
addition, Palms and Handsprings businesses and operations may be harmed to the extent that customers, suppliers and others believe that the companies cannot effectively compete in the marketplace without the transaction, or there is
customer or employee uncertainty surrounding the future direction of the product and service offerings and strategy of Palm or Handspring on a standalone basis. Completion of the transaction is subject to several closing conditions, including
obtaining requisite regulatory and stockholder approvals, and Palm and Handspring may be unable to obtain such approvals on a timely basis or at all. If the transaction is not completed, Palm would not derive the strategic benefits expected to
result from the transaction. Palm and Handspring will also be required to pay significant costs incurred in connection with the transaction, including 



legal, accounting and a portion of financial advisory fees, whether or not the transaction is completed. Moreover, under specified circumstances described in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Palm may be required to pay Handspring a termination fee of up to $4.5 million plus any applicable costs, expenses and interest pursuant to the merger agreement, or Handspring may be required to pay Palm a
termination fee of up to $4.5 million plus any applicable costs, expenses and interest pursuant to the merger agreement, in connection with the termination of the merger agreement. 

Charges to earnings resulting from the application of the purchase method of accounting may adversely affect the
market value of Palms common stock following the transaction. 

In accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, the combined company will account for the Handspring merger using the purchase method of accounting, which will result in charges to earnings
that could have a material adverse effect on the market value of Palm common stock following the closing of the Handspring merger. Under the purchase method of accounting, the combined company will allocate the total estimated purchase price to
Handsprings net tangible assets, amortizable intangible assets, intangible assets with indefinite lives and in-process research and development based on their fair values as of the date of the closing of the Handspring merger, and record the
excess of the purchase price over those fair values as goodwill. The portion of the estimated purchase price allocated to purchased in-process technology will be expensed by the combined company in the quarter in which the Handspring merger is
completed. The combined company will incur additional depreciation and amortization expense over the useful lives of certain of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in connection with the merger. In addition, to the extent the value of
goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite lives becomes impaired, the combined company may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. These depreciation, amortization, purchased in-process technology and
potential impairment charges could have a material impact on the combined companys results of operations. 

The terms of the separation and distribution of PalmSource have been and will continue to be negotiated in the context of a parent-subsidiary
relationship. 

Until the PalmSource distribution, Palm
will own a majority of PalmSources common stock. All of the agreements relating to the separation entered into between Palm and PalmSource were entered into in the context of a parent-subsidiary relationship and were, and any amendments to the
agreements prior to the PalmSource distribution will be, negotiated in the overall context of the separation of PalmSource from Palm. As a result, the terms of such agreements may be more or less favorable to Palm or PalmSource than if they had been
negotiated with unaffiliated third parties. Moreover, material changes to such agreements made after June 4, 2003 are required to be approved by Handspring under the terms of the merger agreement with Handspring. 

The Solutions Groups and PalmSources historical financial
information may not be representative of their respective results as separate companies and, therefore, may not be reliable as an indicator of future results. 

The historical financial information for the Solutions Group included in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus does not
necessarily reflect what the Solutions Groups financial position, results of operations and cash flows would have been had the PalmSource business not been a part of Palm during the periods presented.

PalmSources combined and consolidated financial statements have been
carved out from the consolidated financial statements of Palm using the historical results of operations and historical bases of the assets and liabilities of the PalmSource business that PalmSource comprises. Accordingly, the historical financial
information for PalmSource included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus does not necessarily reflect what PalmSources financial position, results of operations and cash flows would have been had PalmSource been a separate, stand-alone
entity during the periods presented. Palm did not account for PalmSource, and PalmSource was not operated, as a separate, stand-alone entity for most of the periods presented. PalmSources revenues from the Solutions Group have been presented
on the basis of applying the terms of the software license agreement, as 



amended, between the Solutions Group and PalmSource retroactively for all periods presented. PalmSources costs and expenses include allocations from
Palm for centralized corporate services and infrastructure costs, including: 



legal; 



finance and accounting; 



human resources; 



insurance; 



executive management; 



treasury; 



real estate; 



information technology; 



sales and marketing; and 



engineering. 

These allocations have been determined on bases that PalmSource and Palm considered to be reasonable reflections of the utilization of services provided to or the benefit received by PalmSource or the Solutions Group,
as applicable. Nevertheless, the historical financial information is not necessarily indicative of what either PalmSources or the Solution Groups results of operations, financial position and cash flows will be in the future. PalmSource
has not made adjustments to its historical financial information to reflect many significant changes that will occur in its cost structure, funding and operations as a result of its separation from Palm, including increased costs associated with
reduced economies of scale, increased marketing expenses related to building a company brand identity separate from Palm and increased costs associated with being a publicly traded, stand-alone company. 

The Solutions Group and PalmSource may have potential business
conflicts of interest with each other with respect to their respective past and ongoing relationships and they may not resolve these respective conflicts on terms favorable to both the Solutions Group and PalmSource. 

Conflicts of interest may arise between the Solutions Group and PalmSource
in a number of areas relating to their respective past and ongoing relationships, including: 



indemnification obligations to each other; 



PalmSources outstanding debt obligations to the Solutions Group; 



labor, tax, employee benefit, indemnification and other matters arising from PalmSources separation from Palm; 



intellectual property matters; 



employee retention and recruiting; 



the nature, quality and pricing of transitional services Palm has agreed to provide to PalmSource; and 



business opportunities that may be attractive to both the Solutions Group and PalmSource. 

Other than restrictions on use of certain trademarks and domain names, nothing prohibits the combined company from competing
with PalmSource or offering products based on a competing operating system, and, other than the restrictions on use of certain trademarks and domain names, nothing prohibits PalmSource from 



competing with the combined company or offering PalmSources operating system to competitors of the combined company. The combined company and
PalmSource may not be able to resolve any potential conflicts that may arise between the combined company and PalmSource, and even if they are able to do so, the resolution may be less favorable than if they were each dealing with an unaffiliated
party. 

Directors and executive officers of Palm and
PalmSource, respectively, may have conflicts of interest. 

Two of Palms current directors, Eric Benhamou and David Nagel, are also directors of PalmSource. Eric Benhamou is the Chairman of both Palm and PalmSource and is currently employed by Palm as its Chief Executive Officer. David Nagel
is currently employed by PalmSource as its President and Chief Executive Officer. However, following the completion of the transaction, David Nagel will resign from Palms board of directors, and R. Todd Bradley will replace Eric Benhamou as
the Chief Executive Officer of the combined company and Eric Benhamou will be the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the combined company and PalmSource. Another of PalmSources directors was previously employed by Palm and was a consultant
to Palm. In addition, one of the Solutions Groups executive officers is a sibling of a director of PalmSource. 

Some directors and officers of PalmSource own shares of Palm common stock and options to purchase shares of Palm common stock. In addition some directors
and officers of Palm will own shares of PalmSource common stock as a result of the PalmSource distribution. Ownership of shares of Palm common stock by PalmSources directors and officers, ownership of shares of PalmSource common stock by
Palms directors and officers and/or having directors serve as directors of both the combined company and PalmSource after the separation of PalmSource from Palm could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when directors
and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the combined company and PalmSource. In November 2002, Mr. Benhamou was granted an option to acquire 60,000 shares of Palms common stock. Upon the PalmSource
distribution, the vesting schedule under the option accelerates so that after the PalmSource distribution, all shares under the option will be vested and exercisable. In addition, following the PalmSource distribution, Mr. Benhamou has been promised
an option to acquire 5,000 shares of Palm common stock with an exercise price equal to fair market value on the date of grant and an option to purchase 30,000 shares of PalmSource common stock. 

Creditors of Palm at the time of the PalmSource distribution may
attempt to challenge the PalmSource distribution as a fraudulent conveyance, which could result in PalmSource stockholders being required to turn over some or all of their shares of PalmSource common stock. 

A court, in a lawsuit by an unpaid creditor or representative of creditors
of Palm, such as a trustee in bankruptcy, may be asked to void the PalmSource distribution, in whole or in part, as a fraudulent conveyance if the court were to find that, among other things, at the time of the PalmSource distribution, Palm or
PalmSource: 



was insolvent; 



was rendered insolvent by reason of the distribution; 



was engaged in a business or transaction for which the combined companys or PalmSources remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or



intended to incur, or believed it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they matured. 

The court could then require that the PalmSource stockholders return some or
all of the shares of PalmSource common stock, or require PalmSource to fund liabilities of Palm for the benefit of creditors. The measure of insolvency for purposes of the foregoing will vary depending upon the jurisdiction whose law is being
applied. Generally, however, each of the combined company and PalmSource, as the case may be, would be considered insolvent if the fair value of its assets was less than the amount of its liabilities or if it incurred debt beyond its ability to
repay such debt as it matures. Palm believes that each company, PalmSource and the combined company, will be solvent after the distribution, but creditors and courts may not concur. 



As separate companies, the combined company and PalmSource may have difficulty funding their
respective future capital requirements. 

In the past,
most of PalmSources capital needs have been satisfied by Palm. Since PalmSources incorporation, Palm has made net capital contributions of an aggregate of $29.0 million to PalmSource, consisting of capital contributions of $31.1 million
in fiscal year 2002 reduced by a capital distribution of $2.1 million during the nine months ended February 28, 2003. In addition, PalmSource received an intercompany loan from Palm in the principal amount of $20.0 million. Under the intercompany
loan agreement between Palm and PalmSource, Palm will contribute the $20.0 million principal amount to PalmSource as a capital contribution upon the PalmSource distribution. Palm will contribute an additional $6.0 million to PalmSource as a capital
contribution at the time of the distribution. PalmSource will be obligated with respect to $15.0 million of a 5% note payable to a third party currently made by Palm, due December 6, 2006, at the time of the PalmSource distribution. However,
following the distribution, the combined company will no longer provide funds to finance PalmSources working capital or other cash requirements. While PalmSource currently believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments will be sufficient to satisfy its anticipated cash requirements for the next 12 months, PalmSource will not likely be able to obtain financing with interest rates as favorable as those that it has historically incurred under its
intercompany loan agreement with Palm and may not be able to obtain financing from other sources at all, which could have a negative effect on PalmSources business and financial condition. In addition, even if expectations are met, PalmSource
may find it advisable to seek additional funding. 

The
Solutions Group currently believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to satisfy anticipated cash requirements for it and for the combined company for the next 12 months. The Solutions Group could
be required to seek additional funding if the expectations for the Solutions Group are not met. Following the transaction, the combined company could be required to seek additional funding if Solutions Groups expectations of the combined
company are not met. For example, if Solutions Groups or the combined companys operating results do not meet its expectations or if inventory, accounts receivable or other assets require greater use of cash than currently anticipated,
the Solutions Group or the combined company may be required to seek additional funding through financings or other arrangements. Even if expectations for the Solutions Group or for the combined company are met, the Solutions Group or the combined
company may find it advisable to seek additional funding. If the Solutions Group or the combined company seeks additional funding, adequate funds may not be available when needed on favorable terms or at all, which could have a negative effect on
the Solutions Groups or the combined companys business and financial condition. It is not possible at this time to determine whether such funding will be more or less available than if Palm did not distribute its shares of PalmSource
common stock and combine with Handspring. In addition, it is not possible at this time to determine whether, over the long term, such funding will be more or less than the funding that would have been available from the earnings of PalmSource had
the separation and distribution not occurred. 

We believe that
the combined companys and PalmSources capital requirements will vary greatly from quarter to quarter, depending on, among other things, fluctuations in their respective operating results, financing activities, acquisitions and
investments and, with respect to the combined company, costs relating to the integration of Handspring and the Solutions Group following the transaction. The combined company and PalmSource may require or choose to obtain additional debt or equity
financing in order to finance acquisitions or other investments in their respective businesses. The combined company and PalmSource may also require additional financing if their respective operating and working capital requirements vary materially
from those currently planned. Future equity financings would be dilutive to the existing holders of each companys common stock. Future debt financings could involve restrictive covenants which could impair their ability to engage in certain
business transactions. We cannot assure you that financing and funding for the combined companys and PalmSources respective capital requirements, if needed, will be available to the combined company and PalmSource on favorable terms or
at all. 

PalmSource may be required to indemnify Palm for
tax liabilities Palm may incur in connection with its distribution of PalmSources common stock, and Palm and PalmSource may be required to indemnify each other for certain taxes. 

Palm has received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service
to the effect that the distribution of the shares of PalmSource common stock held by Palm to Palms stockholders will not be taxable to Palm or its 



U.S. stockholders. This ruling is generally binding on the IRS, subject to the continuing accuracy of certain factual representations and warranties.
Although some facts have changed since the issuance of the ruling, neither Palm nor PalmSource is aware of any material change in the facts and circumstances of the distribution that would call into question the validity of the ruling. For a more
complete discussion of the ruling and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution, please see The TransactionMaterial U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the PalmSource distribution and Handspring merger.

Notwithstanding the receipt of the ruling described above, the
distribution may nonetheless be taxable to Palm under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50% or more of the stock of Palm or PalmSource stock is acquired as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the PalmSource distribution. For a
more complete discussion of the U.S. federal income tax consequences in the event that the distribution were taxable, please see The TransactionMaterial U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the PalmSource distribution and Handspring
merger. 

Under the tax sharing agreement between Palm and
PalmSource, PalmSource would be required to indemnify Palm if the sale of PalmSources common stock caused the distribution of PalmSources common stock to be taxable to Palm. PalmSource may not be able to adequately satisfy its
indemnification obligation under the tax sharing agreement. In addition, under the tax sharing agreement, Palm and PalmSource have agreed to indemnify each other for certain taxes and similar obligations that they could incur under certain
circumstances. For a more complete description of the tax sharing agreement, please see The PalmSource SeparationAmended and Restated Tax Sharing Agreement. 

The combined companys ability to utilize its net operating losses may be limited if the combined company engages
in transactions which bring cumulative change in ownership for Palm to 50% or more. 

As a result of the Handspring merger, Palm will experience a change in ownership of approximately 32%. Over a three-year period, if the cumulative change in ownership of Palm exceeds 50% (including the change in
ownership resulting from the Handspring merger), the combined companys ability to utilize its net operating losses may be limited. In the event the usage of these net operating losses is subject to limitation and the combined company is
profitable, the combined companys cash flows could be adversely impacted. 

Palm, PalmSource, and Handspring will need to obtain third-party consents for Palms assignment to PalmSource and/or Handsprings assignment to the combined company of some agreements and if they
cannot obtain these consents, they may not be able to maintain these relationships on favorable terms or at all. 

Prior to formation of PalmSource as a subsidiary of Palm in December 2001, PalmSources agreements with customers, developers, strategic partners,
suppliers and others and all of PalmSources agreements for the license of technology were agreements between third parties and Palm. These agreements were assigned to PalmSource upon its separation from Palm, some of which required that the
third party consent to this assignment. Palm and PalmSource are currently attempting to obtain all of these third-party consents, but if they are unable to do so, PalmSource may be forced to renegotiate these agreements or enter into new agreements
with various third parties as a separate, stand-alone entity. We cannot assure you that PalmSource will be able to negotiate new agreements on terms as favorable to it as those that it had as part of Palm, or at all. 

Handspring is currently attempting to obtain third-party consents for some
agreements to be assigned to the combined company, but if it is unable to do so, the combined company may be forced to renegotiate these agreements or enter into new agreements with various third parties as a separate, stand-alone entity. We cannot
assure you that the combined company will be able to negotiate new agreements on terms as favorable to it as those that Handspring had, or at all. 



Following the PalmSource distribution, the combined company and PalmSource will not benefit from
any previous synergies or shared resources, which may harm the businesses of the combined company and PalmSource. 

Prior to the PalmSource separation and distribution, the Solutions Group and PalmSource were able to benefit from certain synergistic alliances and shared
resources. Although the Solutions Group and PalmSource believe that the external separation of the businesses will provide benefits to the respective businesses, there can be no assurance that the two businesses will not be adversely affected by the
external separation. 

The combined company will have
limited use and control of the Palm brand and the combined company brands following the distribution, which could impact its revenues and results of operations. 

We believe that the Palm brand is a valuable asset. Prior to the transaction, certain Palm and PalmSource trade names,
trademarks, service marks and domain names containing the word or letter string palm will be assigned to the Palm Trademark Holding Company, LLC, a holding company owned by Palm and PalmSource for the purpose of receiving, holding,
maintaining, registering, enforcing and defending such intellectual property. Following the transaction, the combined company will be changing its branding strategy, corporate name and Nasdaq ticker symbol. While we will continue to use elements of
the Palm brand pursuant to a trademark license from the holding company, we cannot assure you that these changes will not have an adverse impact on the business of the combined company. In addition, if the combined company is unable in the future to
license the Palm-related trademarks, service marks, domain names and trade names from the Palm Trademark Holding Company, LLC, or if the holding company fails to enforce its intellectual property rights in them successfully, the competitive position
could suffer, which could harm its business. 

If the
merger does not close, Palm may have an outstanding note from Handspring that may be subject to risk of default. 

As part of the merger agreement, Palm may be required to loan up to $20 million to Handspring to fund its operations. As of March 29, 2003,
Handsprings accumulated deficit was $404.2 million and its net worth was only $18.2 million. In addition, losses are likely to continue in the short-term. If the merger does not close, the note may be subject to a risk of default and while it
is collateralized by all of the assets of Handspring, such assets may not be sufficient to allow Palm to fully recover the loaned funds. Furthermore, the loaned funds could help Handspring in competing against Palm in various segments of the mobile
computing market. 

Risks Related to the Combined Company Following the
Transaction 

If we fail to develop and introduce new
products and services successfully and in a timely manner, we will not be able to compete effectively and our ability to generate revenues will suffer. 

We operate in a highly competitive, rapidly evolving environment, and our future success depends on our ability to develop and introduce new products
and services that our customers and end users choose to buy. If we are unsuccessful at developing and introducing new products and services that are appealing to our customers and end users with acceptable prices and terms, we will not be able to
compete effectively and our ability to generate revenues will suffer. 

The development of new products and services can be very difficult and requires high levels of innovation. The development process is also lengthy and costly. If we fail to anticipate our end users needs or technological trends
accurately or are unable to complete the development of products and services in a cost effective and timely fashion, we will be unable to introduce new products and services into the market or successfully compete with other providers. In addition,
if we fail to timely develop wireless products that meet carrier product planning cycles, our wireless device sales volumes may be negatively impacted. As a result, our revenues and gross margins could be adversely affected. 



Carriers significantly affect the ability of smartphone providers such as us to develop and launch
products for use on their wireless networks. If we fail to address the needs of carriers, identify new product and service opportunities or modify or improve our smartphone products in response to changes in technology, industry standards or carrier
requirements, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. In addition, we are required to certify our wireless products with the wireless carriers for use on their networks. The certification process can be time consuming and
affect our ability to timely deliver products to customers. 

As
we introduce new or enhanced products or integrate new technology into new or existing products, we face risks relating to such transitions including, among other things, disruption in customers ordering patterns, excessive levels of older
product inventories, delivering sufficient supplies of new products to meet customers demand, possible product and technology defects arising from the integration of new technology, and a potentially different sales and support environment
relating to any new technology. Our failure to manage the transition to newer products or the integration of newer technology into new or existing products could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

If we do not correctly anticipate demand for our products, we could
have costly excess production or inventories or we may not be able to secure sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of our handheld devices and our cost of revenues could be adversely impacted. 

The demand for our products depends on many factors, including pricing
levels, and is difficult to forecast demand due in part to competition, variations in economic conditions, seasonality, changes in consumer and enterprise preferences and relatively short product life cycles. It is particularly difficult to forecast
demand by individual product. Significant unanticipated fluctuations in demand could result in costly excess production or inventories or the inability to secure sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of our handheld devices. This could
adversely impact our cost of revenues and financial condition. 

Our operating results are subject to fluctuations, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price may decrease significantly. 

Our operating results are difficult to predict. Our future operating results
may fluctuate significantly and may not meet our expectations or those of securities analysts or investors. If this occurs, the price of our stock will likely decline. Factors that may cause fluctuations in our operating results include, but are not
limited to, the following: 



changes in consumer and enterprise spending levels; 



changes in general economic conditions and specific market conditions; 



changes in consumer, enterprise and carrier preferences for our products and services; 



price and product competition from other handheld devices or other devices with similar functionality; 



seasonality of demand for our products and services; 



variations in product costs or the mix of products sold; 



quality issues with our products; 



changes in pricing or promotional programs; 



inability of third party manufacturers to produce quality products on time; 



failure to achieve targeted product cost reductions and operating expense reductions; 



the timely introduction and market acceptance of new products and services; 





excess inventory or insufficient inventory to meet demand; and 



litigation brought against us. 

Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

Economic conditions could lead
to reduced demand for our products. 

The downturn in
general economic conditions and the substantial decline in the stock market have led to reduced demand for a variety of goods and services, including many technology products. If conditions continue to decline, or fail to improve, we could see a
significant additional decrease in the overall demand for our products that could harm our operating results. This is particularly true with respect to a number of our premium products as they typically carry a list price in excess of $300 and
therefore are expensive purchases for many consumers. 

We
rely on third party manufacturers to design and manufacture our handheld devices and third party distribution centers to distribute our handheld devices, and our reputation and revenues could be adversely affected if these third parties fail to meet
their performance obligations. 

We outsource most of
our hardware design to third party manufacturers. We depend on their design expertise and we rely on them to design our products at satisfactory quality levels. If our third party manufacturers fail to provide quality hardware design, our reputation
and revenues could suffer. 

We outsource all of our product
manufacturing requirements to third party manufacturers. We depend on them to produce a sufficient volume of our products in a timely fashion and at satisfactory quality levels. If our third party manufacturers fail to produce quality products on
time and in sufficient quantities, our reputation and results of operations could suffer. In addition, we rely on our third party manufacturers to place orders with suppliers for the components they need to manufacture our products. If they fail to
place timely and sufficient orders with suppliers, our revenues could suffer. 

Our device products are manufactured by our third party manufacturers at their international facilities, which are currently located in China and Mexico. The cost, quality and availability of third party manufacturing
operations are essential to the successful production and sale of our handheld devices. Our reliance on third party manufacturers exposes us to risks, which are not in our control and our revenues or cost of revenues could be negatively impacted.
For example, the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) outbreak in China could result in quarantines or closures of our third party manufacturers or their suppliers. In the event of such a quarantine or closure, our revenues, or cost of revenues
and results of operations, could be negatively impacted. 

We do
not have manufacturing contracts with all of the third party manufacturers upon which we rely to manufacture our device products. The absence of a manufacturing contract means that, with little or no notice, these manufacturers could refuse to
continue to manufacture all or some of the units of our devices that we require or change the terms under which they manufacture our device products. If these manufacturers were to stop manufacturing our devices, we may be unable to replace the lost
manufacturing capacity on a timely basis and our results of operations could be harmed. In addition, if these manufacturers were to change the terms under which they manufacture for us, our manufacturing costs could increase and our cost of revenues
could increase. 

After the transaction, we may choose to
rationalize third party manufacturers. If we transition the manufacturing of any product to a new manufacturer, there is a risk of disruption in manufacturing and, revenues and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Our contract distribution facilities are physically separated from our
contract manufacturing locations. This requires additional lead-time to move products to customers. If we are shipping products near the end of the 



quarter, this extra time could result in us not meeting anticipated shipment volumes for that quarter, which may negatively impact timing of our revenues.

Changes in transportation schedules due to terrorist threats
or attacks, military activity, labor disruptions or carrier financial difficulties could cause transportation delays and increase our costs for both receipt of inventory and shipment of products to our customers. For instance, our primary domestic
freight carrier filed for bankruptcy immediately after the close of our first quarter of fiscal year 2003. This led to delayed deliveries to our customers. Additionally, labor disputes of West coast dockworkers in the second quarter of fiscal year
2003 led to less capacity and higher costs for the transportation alternatives we normally use. If these types of disruptions occur, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

We depend on our suppliers, some of which are the sole source for certain components and elements of our technology,
and our production or reputation could be seriously harmed if these suppliers were unable to timely meet our demand or technical requirements on a cost effective basis. 

Our device products contain components, including liquid crystal displays, touch panels, memory chips, microprocessors,
cameras and batteries, that are procured from a variety of suppliers. The cost, quality and availability of components are essential to the successful production and sale of our device products. 

Some components, such as displays and certain integrated circuits, digital
signal processors, microprocessors, radio frequency components and other discrete components, come from sole source suppliers, one of which is also a competitor of ours in certain markets. Alternative sources are not always available or may be
financially prohibitive. If suppliers were unable or unwilling to meet our demand for sole source components and if we are unable to obtain an alternative source or if the price for an alternative source is prohibitive, our ability to maintain
timely and cost-effective production of our handheld computing device products will be seriously harmed. 

We enter into agreements for the development and licensing of third party technology to be incorporated into some of our products. Our ability to release
and sell our products could be seriously harmed if the third party technology is not delivered to us in a timely manner or contains errors or defects which are not discovered and fixed prior to release of our products. Our inability to obtain
alternative technology could result in damage to our reputation as well as lost revenues and divert our development resources from other business objectives. 

Our product strategy is substantially dependent on the Palm OS, and after this transaction PalmSource will be an independent public company outside
of our control. 

We have a license agreement with
PalmSource, which extends through December 2006. Our license of the Palm OS from PalmSource is critical to the operation of our products. While we are not contractually precluded from licensing or developing an alternative operating system, doing so
could be less desirable and could be costly in terms of cash and other resources. We currently rely exclusively on PalmSource to provide the operating system for all of our handheld products. Termination of this license, an adverse change in our
relationship with PalmSource, PalmSources failure to supply a competitive platform or an unfavorable outcome in any material lawsuit involving the Palm OS could seriously harm our business. Additionally, we are contractually obligated to make
minimum annual payments to PalmSource regardless of the volume of devices containing the Palm OS. Our business could be seriously harmed if: 



we were to breach the license agreement and PalmSource terminated the license; 



PalmSource were to be acquired and the acquiring company was not as strategically aligned with us as PalmSource; or 



PalmSource does not continuously upgrade the Palm OS and otherwise maintain the competitiveness of the Palm OS platform. 



As part of this transaction, PalmSource is becoming an independent company. Our business would be harmed
if PalmSource is not able to successfully implement its business strategy or is otherwise unsuccessful as a standalone company. In addition, we cannot assure you that PalmSource will remain an independent public company following the transaction.
While our software license agreement with PalmSource includes certain protections for us if PalmSource is acquired, this protection may not be adequate to fully protect our interests, which may reduce our ability to compete in the marketplace and
cause us to incur significant costs. 

Palm is a defendant in
several intellectual property lawsuits involving the Palm OS. Although PalmSource generally indemnifies us for damages arising from such lawsuits, we could still be adversely affected by a determination adverse to PalmSource as a result of market
uncertainty, product changes that could arise from such a determination, or failure of PalmSource to adequately indemnify us. 

We rely on carriers, distributors, retailers and resellers to sell our products, and disruptions to these channels would adversely affect our
ability to generate revenues from the sale of our handheld devices. 

Our carriers, distributors, retailers and resellers sell products offered by our competitors. If our competitors offer our carriers, distributors, retailers and resellers more favorable terms or have more products
available to meet their needs, those carriers, distributors, retailers and resellers may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with carriers, distributors, retailers and resellers or to
expand our distribution channels, our business will suffer. 

Because we sell our products primarily to carriers, distributors, retailers and resellers, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to product returns, either through the exercise of contractual return rights or as a result of
our strategic interest in assisting them in balancing inventories. In addition, our carriers, distributors, retailers or resellers could modify their business practices, such as payment terms or inventory levels. Unexpected changes in return
requests, inventory levels, payment terms or other practices by our channel customers could negatively impact our revenues or our financial condition. 

Distributors, retailers and traditional resellers experience competition from Internet-based resellers that distribute directly to end-user customers, and
there is also competition among Internet-based resellers. We also sell our products directly to end-user customers from our Palm.com web site. These varied sales channels could cause conflict among our channels of distribution, which could harm our
revenues and results of operations. 

We are highly
dependent on wireless carriers for the success of our wireless handheld and smartphone products. 

The success of our smartphones and our wireless business strategy is highly dependent on our ability to establish new relationships and build on our
existing relationships with strategic domestic and international wireless carriers. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in establishing new relationships or advancing existing relationships with wireless carriers or that these wireless
carriers will act in a manner that will promote the success of our smartphones. Factors that are largely within the control of wireless carriers but which are important to the success of our smartphones, include: 



the wireless carriers interest in testing our smartphones on their networks; 



the quality and coverage area of voice and data services offered by the wireless carriers for use with our smartphones; 



the degree to which wireless carriers will facilitate the successful introduction of our smartphones and actively promote, distribute and resell our smartphones;



the extent to which wireless carriers will require specific hardware and software features on our smartphones to be used on their networks; 





the timely build out of advanced wireless carrier networks such as General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and 1xRTT, also known as 3G, which are expected to enhance the user
experience for email and other services through higher speed and always on functionality; 



the conditions imposed on us in our agreements with wireless carriers that, in some circumstances, could limit our ability to make similar products available through competitive
carriers in some markets; 



the wireless carriers pricing requirements and subsidy programs; and 



the pricing and terms of voice and data rate plans that the wireless carriers will offer for use with our smartphones. 

For example, flat data rate pricing plans offered by some carriers may expose
us to risk. While flat data pricing helps customer adoption of the data services offered by carriers and therefore highlights the advantages of the data applications of our smartphones, such plans may not allow our smartphones to contribute as much
average revenue per user (ARPU) to carriers as when they were pricing incrementally, and therefore reduces our differentiation from other products. 

As we build strategic relationships with wireless carriers, we will be exposed to significant fluctuations in revenue for our smartphone products.

Because of their large sales channels, strategic
carriers may purchase large quantities of our products prior to launch so that the products are widely available. Reorders of products may fluctuate quarter to quarter, depending upon customer demand and inventory levels required by the carriers. As
we develop new strategic relationships and launch new products with new and existing strategic partners, our smartphone revenue will be subject to fluctuation based upon the timing of carrier product launches as well as customer demand and carrier
inventory requirements. 

The amount of future carrier
subsidies is uncertain and carriers are free to lower or reduce their subsidies with little or no notice to us. 

When we sell our wireless products on our own Web site, we sometimes have the opportunity to earn subsidies from carriers if the customer also purchases a
voice or data plan from the carrier. Today the wireless industry is generally decreasing subsidies on voice services. Moreover, carriers that currently provide the Solutions Group and Handspring with subsidies may reduce or discontinue such
subsidies with little or no notice. While we believe carriers will continue to offer subsidies to the combined company, if these subsidies were reduced or eliminated the gross margins for the affected products would decline and we would be more
limited in our ability to sell at prices that are attractive to cost sensitive consumers. 

More broadly, if carriers move away from subsidizing the purchase of wireless devices, this could significantly reduce the sales or growth rate of sales of wireless devices. This could have an adverse impact on our
revenues and our results of operations. 

If we are unable
to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, our resulting loss of competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share, and our results of operations and financial
condition would suffer. 

We compete in the handheld
and smartphone device markets. The market for these products and services are highly competitive, and we expect increased competition in the future, particularly as companies from various established industry segments, such as mobile handset,
personal computer and consumer electronics, increasingly develop and market products that compete with us. Some of our competitors or potential competitors possess capabilities developed over years of serving customers in their respective markets.
In addition, many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. These 



competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than we can to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. They may also devote greater
resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products. Finally, these competitors bring with them customer loyalties, and such loyalties may limit our ability to attract new users despite superior product offerings. 

Our devices compete with a variety of mobile computing products. Our
principal competitors include: 



mobile handset manufacturers which also develop and sell wireless handheld and smartphone products, such as Audiovox, Ericsson, HTC Corporation, Kyocera, LG, Motorola, Nokia,
Samsung and Sanyo; 



Research In Motion Limited, a leading provider of wireless email, instant messaging and Internet connectivity; 



personal computer companies which also develop and sell handheld computing products, such as Acer, Dell, Hewlett-Packard and Toshiba; 



consumer electronics companies which also develop and sell handheld computing products, such as Casio, Sharp and Sony; and 



a variety of privately held start-up companies looking to compete in our current and future markets, such as Danger and Good Technology. 

As an independent company, PalmSource may license the Palm OS to companies
who compete directly or indirectly with our business. For example, PalmSource has recently signed Palm OS license agreements with HuneTech, Legend and Group Sense (International) Limited, located in the Asia Pacific region. Our revenues and gross
margins could suffer because of competition from licensees of the Palm OS platform. 

Some competitors sell or license server, desktop and/or laptop computing products in addition to handheld computing products and may choose to market and sell or license their handheld products at a discounted price
or give them away for free with their other products, which could negatively affect our revenues, sales and marketing expenses and financial condition. 

Certain competitors may have longer and closer relationships with the senior management of enterprise customers who decide which products and technologies
will be deployed in their enterprises. Moreover, these competitors may have larger and more established sales forces calling upon potential enterprise customers and therefore could contact a greater number of potential customers with more frequency.
Consequently, these competitors could have a better competitive position than we do, which could result in potential enterprise customers deciding not to choose our products and services, which would adversely impact our business, revenues, sales
and marketing expenses and financial condition. 

Certain
competitors may have longer and closer relationships with wireless carrier customers. Moreover, these competitors may have existing business relationships, more products to offer, and larger and more established sales forces calling upon potential
wireless carrier customers and therefore could have a better competitive position than we do. This could result in potential wireless carrier customers deciding not to choose our products and services, which would adversely impact our business,
revenues, sales and marketing expenses and financial condition. 

Successful new product introductions or enhancements by our competitors, or increased market acceptance of competing products could reduce the sales and market acceptance of our products, cause intense price competition or could make our
products obsolete. To be competitive, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, sales and marketing and customer support. We cannot be sure that we will have sufficient resources to make these investments or that
we will be able to make the technological advances necessary to be competitive. Increased competition could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. Our failure to compete successfully against
current or future competitors could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 



Our handheld devices may contain errors or defects, which could result in the rejection of our
products, damage to our reputation, lost revenues, diverted development resources and increased service costs and warranty claims. 

Our devices are complex and must meet stringent user requirements. We must develop hardware and software application products quickly to keep pace with
the rapidly changing handheld device market. Products and services as sophisticated as ours are likely to contain undetected errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new models or versions are released. Our products may not be
free from errors or defects after commercial shipments have begun, which could result in the rejection of our products, damage to our reputation, lost revenues, diverted development resources and increased customer service and support costs and
warranty claims, which could harm our business, revenues, cost of revenues and financial condition. 

Our success largely depends on our ability to hire, retain, integrate and motivate sufficient qualified personnel. 

Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly
skilled personnel, including personnel from Handspring that are expected to be a part of the combined company following the proposed Handspring merger. We compensate our employees through a combination of salary, bonuses, benefits and equity
compensation. If we fail to provide competitive compensation to our employees, we may be unable to retain them. Volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price may also affect our ability to retain key employees, all of whom have been
granted stock options. 

Palms practice has been to
provide incentives to all of its employees through the use of broad based stock option plans. Proposed accounting rules concerning the expensing of stock options may cause us to reevaluate our use of stock options as an employee incentive. Our
ability to hire, retain and motivate our personnel may suffer as a result. 

In addition, many key personnel and executives hold options that have exercise prices per share that are significantly above the market price of our common stock and the number of shares available for new option
grants is limited. We may find it difficult to provide competitive stock option grants and the ability to hire, retain and motivate key personnel may suffer. 

In recent quarters, we have initiated reductions in our workforce of both employees and contractors to balance the size of our employee base with our
anticipated revenue base. In addition, following the proposed Handspring merger, there will be employee reductions related to the integration of the Solutions Group and Handspring. These reductions have and will result in reallocations of employee
duties, which could result in employee and contractor uncertainty. Reductions in our workforce could make it difficult to motivate and retain the remaining employees and contractors, which could affect our ability to deliver our products in a timely
fashion and negatively affect our business. 

Third
parties have claimed and may claim in the future that we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products if these claims are successful.

In the course of our business, we frequently receive
claims of infringement or otherwise become aware of potentially relevant patents or other intellectual property rights held by other parties. For example, as our focus has shifted to wireless communicators, we have received, and expect to continue
to receive, communications from holders of patents related to GSM, GPRS, CDMA and other mobile communication standards. We evaluate the validity and applicability of these intellectual property rights, and determine in each case whether we must
negotiate licenses or cross-licenses to incorporate or use the proprietary technologies in our products. Third parties may claim that we or our customers are infringing or contributing to the infringement of their intellectual property rights, and
we may be found to infringe or contribute to the infringement of those intellectual property rights and require a license to use those rights. We may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology,
products and services. 



Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time consuming and
could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. The complexity of the technology involved and the uncertainty of litigation generally increase the risks associated with intellectual property litigation. Moreover, patent
litigation has increased due to the current uncertainty of the law and the increasing competition and overlap of product functionality in our markets. Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly royalty or
license agreements or indemnify our customers. However, we may not be able to obtain royalty or license agreements on terms acceptable to us or at all. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of our
products. In addition, following the transaction, we will become liable for lawsuits filed against Handspring, which lawsuits could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

If Palm is unsuccessful in its litigation with Xerox, the combined
companys business, results of operations and financial condition would be significantly harmed. 

Palm is engaged in a civil action brought by Xerox Corporation in 1997 in New York federal district court alleging willful infringement of a Xerox patent
by the Graffiti handwriting recognition system employed in handheld computers operating the Palm OS. While the district court dismissed the case in 2000, ruling that the Xerox patent is not infringed by the Graffiti handwriting recognition system,
Xerox appealed the dismissal. The appellate court reversed and remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings. The district court subsequently found the patent valid, enforceable and infringed. Palm appealed the judgment in December
2001. 

In February 2002, the district court rejected an
injunction sought by Xerox to prohibit the manufacture or sale of products using the Graffiti handwriting recognition system. The court also rejected a request by Xerox for a trial date to determine damages, but required Palm to post a $50 million
bond, a decision from which Palm appealed; Xerox filed a cross-appeal. The federal appeals court decided in February 2003 that the Xerox patent is infringed by the Graffiti handwriting recognition system, but remanded the case to the district court
to determine whether the patent is valid, thereby lifting the requirement that Palm post a bond. In its opinion, however, the appellate court directed that, in the event the patent is held valid, Xerox would be entitled to an injunction. Proceedings
on the issue of the validity of the patent are now pending in the district court. In connection with the PalmSource separation, we entered into an agreement pursuant to which we agreed to defend and indemnify PalmSource from liabilities incurred in
connection with the Xerox litigation. In the event we are found liable for damages in this litigation, we would not be entitled to contribution from PalmSource. 

We cannot assure you that Palm will be successful in the litigation. If Palm is not successful, we may be required to pay Xerox significant damages or
license fees or pay significant amounts with respect to Palm OS licenses for their losses pursuant to our indemnity to PalmSource. It may also result in other indirect costs and expenses, such as significant diversion of management resources, loss
of reputation and goodwill, damage to our customer relationships and declines in our stock price. Accordingly, if Xerox is successful, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be significantly harmed and we may be rendered
insolvent. In addition, Xerox might again seek an injunction preventing us or Palm OS licensees from offering products with Palm OS with Grafitti handwriting recognition software. Palm has largely transitioned its products to a handwriting
recognition software that does not use Grafitti. 

If
third parties infringe our intellectual property or if we are unable to secure and protect our intellectual property, we may expend significant resources enforcing our rights or suffer competitive injury. 

Our success depends in large part on our proprietary technology and other
intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Our intellectual property,
particularly our patents, may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. If we fail to protect or to enforce our intellectual property rights successfully, our competitive position could suffer, which could harm our operating results.



Our pending patent and trademark applications for registration may not be allowed, or others may
challenge the validity or scope of our patents or trademarks, including our patent or trademark applications or registrations. Even if our patent or trademark registrations are issued and maintained, these patents or trademarks may not be of
adequate scope or benefit to us or may be held invalid and unenforceable against third parties. 

We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and police our intellectual property rights. Effective policing of the unauthorized use of
our products or intellectual property is difficult and litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights. Intellectual property litigation is not only expensive, but time-consuming, regardless of the merits of any
claim, and could divert attention of our management from operating the business. Despite our efforts, we may not be able to detect infringement and may lose competitive position in the market before we do so. In addition, competitors may design
around our technology or develop competing technologies. Intellectual property rights may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market share. 

In the past, there have been thefts of computer equipment from our employees
and us. This computer equipment has contained proprietary information and intellectual property. In addition, there have been leaks of proprietary information associated with our intellectual property. We have formulated a security plan to reduce
the risk of future thefts and leaks of proprietary information. We may not be successful in preventing future thefts, in preventing those responsible for past thefts from using our technology to produce competing products or in preventing future
leaks of proprietary information. The unauthorized use of our technology or of our proprietary information by competitors could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our products. 

Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, existing laws,
contractual provisions and remedies afford only limited protection. Intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties due to, among other things, the complexity of the technical issues involved, and we cannot assure you that we
will be successful in asserting intellectual property claims. Attempts may be made to copy or reverse engineer aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be
able to protect our proprietary rights against unauthorized third-party copying or use. Use by others of our proprietary rights could materially harm our business. 

We have an international presence in countries whose laws may not provide protection of our intellectual property
rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, which may make it more difficult for us to protect our intellectual property. 

As part of our business strategy, we target countries with large populations and propensities for adopting new technologies. However, many of these
targeted countries do not prevent misappropriation of intellectual property or deter others from developing similar, competing technologies or intellectual property. Effective protection of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other
intellectual property may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries. In particular, the laws of some foreign countries in which we are active may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United
States. As a result, we may not be able to effectively prevent competitors in these regions from infringing our intellectual property rights, which would reduce our competitive advantage and ability to compete in those regions and negatively impact
our business. 

We are subject to general commercial
litigation and other litigation claims as part of our operations, and we could suffer significant litigation expenses in defending these claims and could be subject to significant damages or remedies that would harm our business. 

In the course of our business, we occasionally receive consumer
protection claims, general commercial claims related to the conduct of our business and the performance of our products and services and other litigation claims. Any litigation regarding these consumer, commercial, and other claims could be costly
and time-consuming and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. The 



complexity of the technology involved and the uncertainty of consumer, commercial and other litigation increase these risks. We also may be subject to
significant damages or equitable remedies regarding the development and sale of our products and operation of our business. 

Our future results could be harmed by economic, political, regulatory and other risks associated with international sales and operations.

Because we sell our products worldwide and most of
the facilities where our devices are manufactured and distributed are located outside the United States, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, such as: 



changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 



changes in a specific countrys or regions political or economic conditions, particularly in emerging markets; 



changes in international relations; 



trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 



potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 



difficulty in managing widespread sales operations; and 



difficulty in managing a geographically dispersed workforce in compliance with diverse local laws and customs. 

In addition, we are subject to changes in demand for our products resulting
from exchange rate fluctuations that make our products relatively more or less expensive in international markets. If exchange rate fluctuations occur, our business and results of operations could be harmed by decreases in demand for our products or
reductions in margins. 

We may pursue strategic
acquisitions and investments that could have an adverse impact on our business if they are unsuccessful. 

We have made acquisitions in the past and we will continue to evaluate other acquisition opportunities that could provide us with additional product or
service offerings or additional industry expertise as they arise. Acquisitions could result in difficulties assimilating acquired operations and products, and result in the diversion of capital and managements attention away from other
business issues and opportunities. Integration of acquired companies may result in problems related to integration of technology and management teams. We may not successfully integrate operations, personnel or products that we have acquired or may
acquire in the future, including the proposed Handspring merger. If we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, our business could be materially harmed. In addition, our acquisitions may not be successful in achieving our desired strategic
objectives, which would also cause our business to suffer. These transactions may result in the diversion of capital and managements attention away from other business issues and opportunities. In addition, we have made strategic venture
investments in other companies that provide products and services that are complementary to ours. If these investments are unsuccessful, this could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. 

We are currently required to provide restricted cash as collateral for
a variety of letters of credit. 

We currently do not
have a credit line in place and as a result are required to post collateral in the form of restricted cash for most letters of credit. These letters of credit are required for various reasons such as for security for our facilities leases. The lack
of a credit line and the requirement to provide restricted cash subject us to risk if cash balances fluctuate significantly. 



We own land that is not currently being utilized in our business. If our expected ability to
ultimately recover the carrying value of this land is impaired, we would incur a non-cash charge to operations. 

We own approximately 39 acres of land in San Jose, California which we do not plan to develop. In the third quarter of fiscal year 2003, we reported an
impairment charge to adjust the carrying cost of the land to its then current fair market value. While we currently have no immediate plans to sell this property, a future sale or other disposition of the land at less than its carrying value, or a
further deterioration in market values that impacts our expected recoverable value, would result in a non-cash charge which would negatively impact our results of operations. 

Business interruptions could adversely affect our business. 

Our operations and those of our suppliers and customers are vulnerable to
interruption by fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, wars, health epidemics and other events beyond our control. In addition, the business interruption insurance we carry may not be sufficient to compensate us
fully for losses or damages that may occur as a result of such events. Any such losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

War, terrorist attacks or other threats beyond our control could negatively impact consumer confidence, which could
harm our operating results. 

Wars, terrorist attacks
or other threats beyond our control could have an adverse impact on the U.S. and world economy in general and consumer confidence and spending in particular, which could harm our revenues and results of operations. 

Risks Related to the Securities Markets and Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our common stock price may be subject to significant fluctuations
and volatility. 

The market price of our common stock
has been subject to significant fluctuations since the date of our initial public offering. These fluctuations could continue. Among the factors that could affect our stock price are: 



quarterly variations in our operating results; 



changes in revenues or earnings estimates or publication of research reports by analysts; 



speculation in the press or investment community; 



strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as new product announcements, acquisitions or restructurings; 



actions by institutional stockholders or financial analysts; 



general market conditions; and 



domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance. 

The stock markets in general, and the markets for high technology stocks in particular, have experienced high volatility that has often been unrelated to
the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

Provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law and our adoption of a stockholder rights plan may delay or prevent acquisition of us, which
could decrease the value of shares of our common stock. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include a 



classified board of directors and limitations on actions by our stockholders by written consent. Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and
other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. In addition, our board of directors has the right to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to dilute the stock
ownership of a potential hostile acquirer. Although we believe these provisions provide for an opportunity to receive a higher bid by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, these provisions apply even if the offer
may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. 

Our board
of directors adopted a stockholder rights plan, pursuant to which we declared and paid a dividend of one right for each share of common stock held by stockholders of record as of November 6, 2000. Unless redeemed by us prior to the time the rights
are exercised, upon the occurrence of certain events, the rights will entitle the holders to receive upon exercise thereof shares of our preferred stock, or shares of an acquiring entity, having a value equal to twice the then-current exercise price
of the right. The issuance of the rights could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us. 



THE PALM ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 

The proposals set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are being solicited by the board of directors of Palm for use at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on
                         , 2003, at              a.m. local time or
any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The meeting will be held at             . Palms
telephone number is (408) 503-7000. 

General Information 

Certain
Financial Information
.    Please take note that Palms financial statements and related information are included with its 2003 annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which is
enclosed with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Matters to be Voted On
.    Palm stockholders are being asked to vote on three matters: 



to approve and adopt the merger agreement, which approval and adoption will also constitute approval of (a) the merger of Peace Separation Corporation with and into Palm, with Palm
being the surviving entity, effecting the distribution of PalmSource common stock held by Palm to Palms stockholders, and (b) the issuance of the shares of Palm common stock to Handspring stockholders in the transaction, which proposal can be
found beginning on page 54 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus; 



to elect R. Todd Bradley, Michael Homer and Gareth C.C. Chang as Class I directors to serve until the 2006 annual meeting of stockholders, which proposal can be found beginning on
page 183 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus; and



to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP to serve as Palms independent public auditors for the fiscal year ending May 28, 2004, which proposal can be found
beginning on page 190 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Voting Securities
.    Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on             
            , 2003, the record date, will be entitled to vote at the meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. As of the record date, there were
             shares of Palms common stock issued and outstanding. Stockholders may vote in person or by proxy. Each holder of shares of common stock is entitled to one vote on the
proposals presented in this joint proxy statement/prospectus for each share of common stock held. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. 

Solicitation of Proxies
.    The cost of soliciting proxies will be borne by Palm. In addition to soliciting stockholders by
mail and through its regular employees, Palm will request banks and brokers, and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to solicit their customers who have stock of Palm registered in the names of such persons and will reimburse them for their
reasonable, out-of-pocket costs. Palm may use the services of its officers, directors and others to solicit proxies, personally or by telephone, facsimile or electronic mail, without additional compensation. Palm intends to retain Georgeson
Shareholder Communications, Inc., a professional solicitation firm, to assist in the solicitation of proxies. 

Voting of Proxies
.    All valid proxies received prior to the meeting will be voted. All shares represented by a proxy will be
voted, and where a stockholder specifies by means of the proxy a choice with respect to any matter to be acted upon, the shares will be voted in accordance with the specification so made. If no choice is indicated on the proxy, the shares will be
voted FOR all nominees, FOR all other proposals described herein and as the proxy holders may determine in their discretion with respect to any other matters that properly come before the meeting. A stockholder giving a proxy
has the power to revoke his or her proxy, at any time prior to the time it is voted, by delivering to the Secretary of Palm a written instrument revoking the proxy or a validly executed proxy with a later date, or by attending the meeting and voting
in person. If you have instructed a broker or bank to vote your shares by executing a voting instruction card, you must follow the directions received from your broker or bank to change your voting instructions. 



Quorum
.    The required quorum for the transaction of business at the annual
meeting is a majority of the votes eligible to be cast by holders of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the record date. Shares that are voted FOR, AGAINST, WITHHELD FROM or ABSTAIN on a
matter, or votes cast, are treated as being present at the meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum and are also treated as shares entitled to vote at the annual meeting with respect to such matter. 

Adjournments
.    If sufficient votes to constitute
a quorum or to approve and adopt the merger agreement are not received by the date of the annual meeting of stockholders, the persons named as proxies may propose one or more adjournments of the meeting to permit further solicitation of proxies.
Adjournment would require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Palm common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the annual meeting. The persons named as proxies would generally exercise their
authority to vote in favor of adjournment. 

Abstentions
.    Abstentions will be counted for purposes of determining both (i) the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of business and (ii) the total number of votes cast with respect to a
proposal (other than the election of directors). In the absence of controlling precedent to the contrary, Palm intends to treat abstentions in this manner. Accordingly, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against a proposal. 

Broker Non-Votes
.    Under the applicable rules
of the New York Stock Exchange, brokers and nominees are prohibited from giving a proxy to vote their customers shares with respect to approval and adoption of the merger agreement. These broker non-votes will be counted for purposes of
determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of business but will not be counted for purposes of determining the number of votes cast with respect to the particular proposal on which the broker has expressly not voted.
Accordingly, broker non-votes will not affect the outcome of the voting on a proposal that requires a majority of the votes cast. However, because Delaware law requires Proposal No. 1 (the approval and adoption of the merger agreement) to be
approved by the holders of a majority of Palms outstanding shares, and not merely the approval of a majority of the votes cast, broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against Proposal No. 1. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management
.    The following table sets forth certain information, as of June 13, 2003, with respect to the beneficial ownership of Palms common stock by (i) each person who is known to Palm to own beneficially more
than 5% of Palms common stock; (ii) each director and director-nominee of Palm; (iii) the Chief Executive Officer and each other person included in the Summary Compensation Table beginning on page [191] of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus collectively as the named executive officers; and (iv) all current executive officers and directors of Palm as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Shares of Palms common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable
within 60 days of June 13, 2003 are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any
other person. 



Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)

Amount and Nature
of Beneficial
Ownership(2)

Percent of

Common Stock
Outstanding(3)

Wellington Management Company, LLP

2,661,075

(4)

9.1

%

75 State Street, Boston MA 02109(4)

Eric A. Benhamou

112,220

(5)

*

R. Todd Bradley

61,310

(6)

*

Judy Bruner

58,856

(7)

*

Gordon A. Campbell

4,200

(8)

*

Gareth C.C. Chang

1,834

(9)

*

Jean-Jacques Damlamian

2,334

(10)

*

Michael Homer

4,084

(11)

*

Marianne F. Jackson

14,825

(12)

*

David C. Nagel

12,000

(13)

*

Susan G. Swenson

6,075

(14)

*

All current directors and executive officers as a group (10 persons)

277,738

(15)

*

*

Less than 1%. 

(1)

Unless otherwise noted, the address for the beneficial owners listed in this table is c/o Palm, Inc., 400 N. McCarthy Blvd., Milpitas, California 95035. 

(2)

To Palms knowledge, except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

(3)

Based on 29,246,570 shares of Palms common stock issued and outstanding as of June 13, 2003. 

(4)

Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2003. 

(5)

Includes 51,751 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003. 

(6)

Includes 55,310 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003. Also includes 500 shares of restricted stock subject to repurchase by Palm,
which vests as to thirty percent of the shares on the first and second anniversary of the date of grant and vests as to the remaining forty percent of the shares on the third anniversary of date of grant. Also includes 500 shares of restricted stock
subject to repurchase by Palm, which vests as to all of the shares on the sixth anniversary of the date of grant. Also includes 5,000 shares of restricted stock subject to repurchase by Palm, which vests in equal annual increments over a three-year
period. 

(7)

Includes 54,218 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003. Also includes 1,000 shares of restricted stock subject to repurchase by
Palm, which vests as to thirty percent of the shares on the first and second anniversary of the date of grant and vests as to the remaining forty percent of the shares on the third anniversary of date of grant. Also includes 500 shares of restricted
stock subject to repurchase by Palm, which vests as to all of the shares on the sixth anniversary of the date of grant. Also includes 2,500 shares of restricted stock subject to repurchase by Palm, which vests in equal annual increments over a
three-year period. 

(8)

Includes 3,700 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003. 

(9)

Includes 1,334 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003. 

(10)

Includes 2,334 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003. 

(11)

Includes 3,584 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003. 

(12)

Includes 12,325 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003. Also includes 2,500 shares of restricted stock subject to repurchase by
Palm, which vests in equal annual increments over a three-year period. 

(13)

Includes 2,500 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003. Also includes 2,500 shares of restricted stock subject to repurchase by
Palm, which vests in equal annual increments over a two-year period. Also includes 7,000 shares held by Dr. Nagel and his spouse as trustees of the Nagel/Schreiner Revocable Trust. 

(14)

Includes 5,575 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003. 

(15)

Includes 192,631 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of June 13, 2003.



THE HANDSPRING SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being sent to you as a Handspring stockholder in order to provide you with important information regarding the Handspring merger in connection with the solicitation of proxies
by Handsprings board of directors for use at the special meeting of its stockholders and at any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. 

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting 

Handspring will hold a special meeting of its stockholders on             , 2003, at      a.m., local time, at
        . 

Matters for Consideration 

At
the Handspring special meeting, Handspring stockholders will be asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the Handspring merger. Handspring stockholders will also consider and vote upon any
other matters that may properly come before the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. Handspring is not currently aware of any other matter that will come before the special meeting. 

Board of Directors Recommendation 

After careful consideration, the Handspring board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the Handspring merger. The Handspring board of directors believes that the terms of the merger agreement and the Handspring
merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of, Handspring and its stockholders. 
The Handspring board of directors unanimously recommends that the Handspring stockholders vote FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and to approve the Handspring merger.

Record Date 

The record date for
determining the Handspring stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting is             , 2003. Only holders of record of Handspring common stock as of the close of business on that
date are entitled to vote at the special meeting. As of the record date, there were          shares of Handspring common stock issued and outstanding, held by approximately
         stockholders of record. As of the record date, the directors and executive officers of Handspring and their affiliates held          outstanding shares of
Handspring common stock. Each share of Handspring common stock issued and outstanding as of the record date entitles its holder to cast one vote at the special meeting.

Quorum and Vote Required 

In
order to conduct business at the special meeting, a quorum must be present. Handsprings bylaws provide that a quorum at the special meeting will be the holders of a majority of the stock outstanding on the record date for the meeting.
Handspring will treat shares of common stock represented by a properly signed and returned proxy, including abstentions and broker non-votes, as present at the meeting for purposes of determining the existence of a quorum. If sufficient votes to
constitute a quorum or to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the Handspring merger are not received by the date of the special meeting, the persons named as proxies may propose one or more adjournments of the meeting to permit
further solicitation of proxies. Adjournment would require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Handspring common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting. The persons named as proxies
would generally exercise their authority to vote in favor of adjournment. 



A majority of the shares of Handsprings common stock outstanding on the record date must be voted
for the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the Handspring merger in order for the proposal to pass. The inspector of elections appointed for the special meeting will tabulate the votes. 

Voting of Proxies 

The
Handspring proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus is solicited on behalf of the Handspring board of directors for use at the Handspring special meeting. 

General
.    Shares represented by a properly signed and dated proxy will be voted at the special
meeting in accordance with the instructions indicated on the proxy. Proxies that are properly signed and dated but which do not contain voting instructions will be voted FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the
Handspring merger. The proxy holder may vote the proxy in its discretion as to any other matter that may properly come before the Handspring special meeting. 

Abstentions
.    Handspring will count a properly executed proxy marked ABSTAIN as present for purposes of
determining whether a quorum is present, but the shares represented by that proxy will not be voted at the special meeting. Because the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Handspring common stock is required to approve and
adopt the merger agreement and to approve the Handspring merger, if you mark your proxy ABSTAIN, it will have the effect of a vote against the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the Handspring merger.

Broker Non-Votes
.    If your shares
are held by your broker, your broker will vote your shares for you only if you provide instructions to your broker on how to vote your shares. You should follow the directions provided by your broker regarding how to instruct your broker to vote
your shares. Your broker cannot vote your shares of Handspring common stock without specific instructions from you. Because the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Handspring common stock is required to approve and adopt the
merger agreement and to approve the Handspring merger, if you do not instruct your broker how to vote, it will have the effect of a vote against the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the Handspring merger. 

Voting Shares In Person That Are Held Through
Brokers
.    If your shares are held by your broker or another nominee and you wish to vote those shares in person at the special meeting, you must obtain from the nominee holding your Handspring common stock a properly
executed legal proxy identifying you as an Handspring stockholder, authorizing you to act on behalf of the nominee at the special meeting and identifying the number of shares with respect to which the authorization is granted. 

How to Revoke a Proxy 

If you
submit a proxy, you may revoke it at any time before it is voted by: 



delivering to the Secretary of Handspring a written notice, dated later than the proxy you wish to revoke, stating that proxy is revoked; 



submitting to the Secretary of Handspring a new, signed proxy with a date later than the proxy you wish to revoke; or



attending the special meeting and voting in person.

Notices to the Secretary of Handspring should be addressed to Secretary, Handspring, Inc., 189 Bernardo Avenue Mountain View, California 94043.

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses 

Handspring will pay its own costs of soliciting proxies for the special meeting. Certain directors, officers and employees of Handspring may solicit proxies, without additional remuneration, by telephone, facsimile, 



electronic mail, telegraph and in person. Handspring expects that the expenses of this special solicitation will be nominal. Following the mailing of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, Handspring will request brokers, custodians, nominees and other record holders to forward copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to persons for whom they hold shares of common stock and to request authority
for the exercise of proxies. In such cases, Handspring, upon the request of the record holder, will reimburse such holder for their reasonable expenses. 

If your shares are registered in the name of a bank or brokerage firm, you may be eligible to vote your shares by telephone or Internet. A large number of
banks and brokerage firms are participating in the ADP Investor Communication Services telephone or Internet voting program. This program provides eligible stockholders the opportunity to vote by telephone or Internet. If your bank or brokerage firm
is participating in ADPs program, your voting form will provide instructions. If your voting form does not reference telephone or Internet information, please complete and return the paper proxy card in the self-addressed, postage-paid
envelope provided. 

Voting Agreements 

Three
Handspring stockholders have agreed to vote a total of 37.5% of the outstanding voting power of the Handspring common stock entitled to vote on the merger agreement and the Handspring merger in favor of the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and to approve the Handspring merger and have executed proxies with respect to their shares in favor of Palm. 

Future Stockholder Proposals of Handspring 

If the Handspring merger is not completed, Handspring will convene a 2003 annual meeting of stockholders. Stockholder proposals intended to be presented at Handsprings 2003 annual meeting of stockholders must
have been received by Handspring at its principal executive offices no later than May 26, 2003 in order to be included in Handsprings proxy statement and form of proxy relating to that meeting. Stockholders wishing to bring a proposal before
the 2003 annual meeting of stockholders (but not include it in Handsprings proxy materials) must provide written notice of such proposal to Handsprings Secretary at Handsprings principal executive offices no later than August 9,
2003. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of Handspring 

The following table sets forth certain information, as of June 3, 2003, with respect to the beneficial ownership of Handsprings common stock by (i)
each stockholder known by Handspring to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of Handsprings common stock, (ii) each director, (iii) Handsprings chief executive officer and each of Handsprings six other most highly compensated
executive officers for fiscal year 2003, or the named executive officers, and (iv) all directors and named executive officers as a group. There were 148,318,397 shares of Handsprings common stock outstanding on June 3, 2003. 



Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)

Amount and Nature of
Beneficial Ownership(2)

Percent of
Class

Jeffrey C. Hawkins(3)

37,177,208

25.1

%

Donna L. Dubinsky(4)

21,800,728

14.7

%

L. John Doerr(5)

14,885,507

10.0

%

Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers

2750 Sand Hill Road

Menlo Park, California 94205

M-F Downtown Sunnyvale, LLC(6)

10,000,000

6.4

%

Edward T. Colligan(7)

5,668,422

3.7

%

Bruce W. Dunlevie(8)

4,907,737

3.3

%

Benchmark Capital Partners II, LP

2480 Sand Hill Road

Menlo Park, California 94205

Celeste S. Baranski(9)

1,107,023

*

Gregory S. Woock(10)

429,254

*

David G. Pine(11)

336,875

*

John Hartnett(12)

318,230

*

Mitchell E. Kertzman(13)

35,155

*

William E. Kennard(14)

25,780

*

William R. Slakey



*

All Directors and Named Executive Officers (12 Persons)(15)

86,691,919

56.3

%

 *

Less than 1% 

(1)

Unless otherwise indicated above, the address for each person and entity named in the table is: c/o Handspring, Inc., 189 Bernardo Avenue, Mountain View, California 94043.

(2)

Unless otherwise indicated below, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to
community property laws where applicable. 

(3)

Includes 36,983,708 shares held by Mr. Hawkins and his spouse as trustees under the Strauss-Hawkins Trust Agreement dated April 17, 1991. Also includes 193,500 shares held by
various charitable trusts for which Mr. Hawkins is the trustee. 

(4)

Represents shares held by Ms. Dubinsky as trustee under the Amended and Restated Dubinsky Trust Agreement dated May 23, 1995. 

(5)

Represents 
13,848,663 shares held by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers VIII, L.P., 
802,185 shares held by KPCB VIII Founders Fund, L.P. and 
15,670 shares
held by KPCB Information Sciences Zaibatsu Fund II, L.P., and 225,562 shares held by Mr. Doerr and 4,687 shares issuable upon the exercise of options held by Mr. Doerr that are exercisable within 60 days of June 3, 2003. Mr. Doerr is a general
partner of KPCB VIII Associates, L.P., which is a general partner of Kleiner Perkins Caulfield & Byers VIII, L.P. 

(6)

Represents 1,000,000 shares held by M-F Downtown Sunnyvale, LLC and 9,000,000 shares subject to a fully exercisable warrant held by M-F Downtown Sunnyvale, LLC. The address of M-F
Downtown Sunnyvale, LLC is c/o the Mozart Development Company, 1068 East Meadow Circle, Palo Alto, California 94303. 

(7)

Represents 1,533,960 shares held by Mr. Colligan and his spouse and 366,677 shares issuable upon the exercise of options held by Mr. Colligan that are exercisable within 60 days of
June 3, 2003. 

(8)

Represents 369,836 shares held by Mr. Dunlevie and his spouse as trustees under the Bruce and Elizabeth Dunlevie Living Trust U/A/D, 4/8/2002, Bruce and Elizabeth Dunlevie TTEES,
4,687 shares issuable upon the exercise of options held by Mr. Dunlevie that are exercisable within 60 days of June 3, 2003 and 4,533,214 shares held by Benchmark Capital Partners II, L.P. as nominee for Benchmark Capital Partners II, L.P.,
Benchmark Founders Fund II, L.P., Benchmark Founders Fund II-A, L.P. and Benchmark Members Fund II, L.P. Mr. Dunlevie is a Managing Member of Benchmark Capital Management Co. II, LLC, the general partner of Benchmark Capital
Partners II, L.P., Benchmark Founders Fund II, L.P., Benchmark Founders Fund II-A, L.P. and Benchmark Members Fund II, L.P. Mr. Dunlevie disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest
in the Benchmark funds. 

(9)

Represents 247,440 shares held by Ms. Baranski and 859,583 shares issuable upon the exercise of options held by Ms. Baranski that are exercisable within 60 days of
June 3, 2003. 



(10)

Represents 338,265 shares held by Gregory S. Woock and his spouse as trustees under the Gregory S. Woock and Lisa C. Woock Declaration of Trust UA 5/21/1993 and 90,989 shares
issuable upon the exercise of options that are exercisable within 60 days of June 3, 2003. 

(11)

Represents 27,500 shares held by Mr. Pine and 309,375 shares issuable upon the exercise of options held by Mr. Pine that are exercisable within 60 days of June 3, 2003.

(12)

Represents 70,559 shares held by Mr. Hartnett and 247,631 shares issuable upon the exercise of options held by Mr. Hartnett that are exercisable within 60 days of June 3, 2003.

(13)

Represents shares issuable upon the exercise of options held by Mr. Kertzman that are exercisable within 60 days of June 3, 2003. 

(14)

Represents shares issuable upon the exercise of options held by Mr. Kennard that are exercisable within 60 days of June 3, 2003. 

(15)

Includes 5,712,349 shares issuable upon the exercise of options that are exercisable within 60 days of June 3, 2003. 



PALM AND HANDSPRING PROPOSAL NO. 1 

APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT 

THE TRANSACTION 

This section
of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the transaction, including the proposed PalmSource distribution and Handspring merger. While we believe that the description in this section addresses the material terms of the transaction, this
summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you. You should carefully read this entire document and the other documents we have referred you to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus for a more complete understanding of the
transaction. You should carefully review the information related to PalmSource included in Annex A in determining whether to approve and adopt the merger agreement. 

Overview of the Transaction 

Palm
and Handspring have entered into a merger agreement that provides for a transaction with two components. 

First, the common stock of PalmSource held by Palm will be distributed to the existing stockholders of Palm by means of the merger of Peace Separation
Corporation, a newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of Palm, with and into Palm, which we refer to as the PalmSource distribution. Upon effectiveness of the PalmSource distribution, each outstanding share of Palm common stock (including the
associated preferred stock purchase right) will be automatically converted into the right to receive (A) one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Palm common stock (together with the associated right), such that each share of Palm
common stock will remain outstanding after the completion of the PalmSource distribution and (B) the right to receive approximately 0.34 of a share of PalmSource common stock and cash in lieu of any fractional share. This ratio is based on the
number of shares of Palm common stock outstanding on May 31, 2003, and is subject to reduction in the event that Palm issues additional shares of common stock following May 31, 2003 and prior to the PalmSource distribution. 

Following the PalmSource distribution, Palm, which will consist of its
Solution Group business, will acquire Handspring by means of the merger of Harmony Acquisition Corporation, a newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of Palm, with and into Handspring, which we refer to as the Handspring merger. Upon completion of the
Handspring merger, each share of Handspring common stock (including the associated preferred stock purchase right) outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Handspring merger will be canceled and extinguished and automatically
converted into the right to receive 0.09 of a share of Palm common stock upon surrender of the certificate representing such share of Handspring common stock and cash in lieu of any fractional share. Palm shares will be issued with associated
preferred stock purchase rights. 

The merger agreement is
described in more detail in The Merger Agreement beginning on page 97 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B and is incorporated by reference into
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. We encourage you to read it carefully in its entirety for a more complete understanding of the merger agreement. 

Background of the Transaction 

Palm, Inc. was founded in 1992 and launched the first commercially successful mass-market handheld computer, or personal digital assistant (PDA), the Palm Pilot, in 1996. The Palm Pilot contained a proprietary operating system, the Palm OS,
which was developed by Palm. At that time, Palm saw the opportunity to license the Palm OS and generated its first licensing revenues in 1997. Palms initial licensing strategy was to target companies in adjacent market segments, to avoid
competition with Palms principal products. Over time, and as the market grew, Palm shifted its licensing strategy to target a greater number of additional licensees, including companies that would produce directly competitive products.



In the summer of 2001, after several years of licensing the Palm OS to directly competitive customers,
and after an extensive evaluation of its business, Palm recognized the need to separate its operating system business from its hardware solutions business. Palm determined that a separation of the two business units was needed in order for its
operating system business to be able to work effectively with licensees and in order to allow its hardware business to respond to rapid technology change. In July 2001, Palm announced its intent to form a wholly owned subsidiary to contain the Palm
OS group, then called the Platform Solutions Group and now PalmSource, and to operate it as a separate business within Palm. Palm also announced the formation of a separation committee of its board of directors to oversee the separation of the
operating systems business. During the late summer and fall of 2001, the separation committee formed teams of Palm management to identify and separate the assets and liabilities of the operating systems and hardware solutions businesses and to
define how the two businesses would operate separately within Palm. On August 27, 2001, Palm announced that David C. Nagel, Ph. D. had been hired as President of the platform solutions group. 

On December 18, 2001, Palms board of directors approved a series of
separation agreements that addressed the allocation of assets and liabilities between the operating systems business and the hardware solutions business, the licensing of the Palm OS to the hardware solutions business, the provision of
infrastructure services to the operating systems business and other separation matters. In December 2001, Palm incorporated the Palm OS subsidiary in Delaware, and Palm announced the formation of this subsidiary on January 21, 2002. On February 5,
2002, Palm announced that it had named the subsidiary PalmSource, Inc. In March 2002, Palm began providing segment reporting for the results of its two businesses, PalmSource and the hardware solutions business, referred to as the Solutions Group.
Throughout 2002, the Palm board of directors received frequent updates regarding the separation planning and the operation of the existing agreements. 

On June 6, 2002, Palm applied for a ruling with the IRS that the distribution of PalmSource stock to Palm stockholders would be a tax-free distribution
under Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code; the IRS granted that ruling in December 2002. On June 24, 2002, Palm announced the addition of independent board members for PalmSource. These actions were taken with a view to the possibility of
making PalmSource an independent publicly-traded company. 

During 2002, at the same time Palm was pursuing the separation of the Palm OS business, Palms Solutions Group, as part of its ongoing strategic planning, evaluated its wireless strategy in light of current industry trends. In the
spring of 2002, Palm recognized the importance of wireless handheld and smartphone products which incorporate phone capabilities and began to investigate a number of different paths to expand its offerings in these areas, including in-house
development, partnership or acquisition. In the summer of 2002, Palm began to consider potential strategic relationships with Handspring as one method to achieve this strategy. 

Palm and Handspring share common history, as the founders of Handspring also founded and played a key role in the early
success of Palm. In July 1998, Donna L. Dubinsky, then President and General Manager of Palm and Jeffrey C. Hawkins, then Chief Product Officer of Palm left Palm and in September 1998, Edward T. Colligan, then Vice President, Marketing of Palm
joined them to form Handspring. Handspring entered into a five-year licensing agreement for the Palm OS with Palm in September 1998. In April 2001, Palms license to Handspring was extended through 2009. Through 2001, Handspring principally
sold handheld computers and accessories, but in the summer of 2001, Handspring began to focus its business strategy on developing wireless handheld computers with voice communications capabilities, or smartphones and in October 2001 publicly
announced its Treo line of communicator products. 

In summer of
2001, as Handspring began to transition its business away from traditional handheld computers to smartphones, Handspring contacted Palm about the possibility of Palm acquiring Handsprings Visor line of handheld computers. Palm ultimately
declined Handsprings proposal. Handspring eventually discontinued its Visor line of handheld computers. 

In the summer of 2002, R. Todd Bradley, then Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Palms Solutions Group, contacted Ms. Dubinsky,
Chief Executive Officer of Handspring, to gauge Handsprings 



interest in exploring ways that the two companies could work more closely together, including the possibility of a merger. Ms. Dubinsky agreed to consider
possible business relationships and discuss them informally with Handsprings senior management and directors. Mr. Bradley and Ms. Dubinsky agreed to talk again once Ms. Dubinsky was able to consult with Handspring management and directors.
Periodically, throughout the summer, Mr. Bradley and Ms. Dubinsky met to discuss topics such as the market environment, developments in their businesses and strategic rationale for a business combination. Mr. Bradley also met with Mr. Hawkins,
Chairman and Chief Product Officer of Handspring, and Mr. Colligan, President and Chief Operating Officer of Handspring, during the summer of 2002 to discuss their thoughts relating to a possible business combination. 

Around the time that Mr. Bradley first spoke with Ms. Dubinsky, in July 2002,
Palm asked Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated to assist it in exploring a possible business combination involving Handspring. 

On July 26, 2002, the Palm board of directors held a meeting to discuss, among other topics, managements view of the future of the handheld
computing industry and the strategy for the Solutions Group after the separation of PalmSource. At this meeting, Mr. Bradley presented Palm managements view that the converged device categoryhandheld devices that incorporate multiple
functions such as a voice and data transmittal capabilitywould become increasingly important for Palm and that the handheld industry was likely to experience significant consolidation over the coming years. Mr. Bradley also presented a number
of strategic opportunities for Palm to consider to address these industry trends, one of which was to acquire Handspring. 

On September 1, 2002, Mr. Bradley became a director of Palm and President and Chief Executive Officer of the Palm Solutions Group. 

From September 2002 through early April 2003, Ms. Dubinsky had discussions
with several entities she believed may have had an interest in acquiring Handspring. Ms. Dubinsky updated the board on these efforts at various board meetings. 

On September 11, 2002, Mr. Bradley, Philippe Morali, Vice President Corporate Development and Treasurer of Palm, and Ken Wirt, then Senior Vice
President, Marketing of Palm, met with Mr. Colligan, Ms. Dubinsky and Dan McCammon, Handsprings then interim Chief Financial Officer, to share financial information and product roadmaps, and to explore a possible combination of the two
companies. At this meeting, the companies signed a mutual non-disclosure agreement covering the strategic discussions between the two companies. Following that meeting, Mr. Bradley and Ms. Dubinsky agreed to reconvene in early 2003, to allow Palm to
make further progress towards the PalmSource separation and to allow Handspring to complete negotiations which were underway to restructure its lease obligations for its Sunnyvale, California facility. 

On September 18, 2002, Handspring held a regularly scheduled board meeting.
At the meeting, management and the board discussed, among other topics, an update on discussions with Palm regarding a potential acquisition of Handspring by Palm. Management also discussed the possibility of a financing from financial and strategic
investors or an acquisition by a company other than Palm. 

On
October 8, 2002, PalmSource announced it had received a $20 million minority equity investment from Sony Corporation. 

On November 6, 2002, Handspring held a regularly scheduled board meeting. At the meeting, management and the board discussed, among other topics, an
update on discussions with Palm regarding a potential acquisition of Handspring by Palm. Management also discussed the possibility of a financing from financial and strategic investors. 

On December 17, 2002, the Palm board of directors held a meeting and discussed, among other topics, remaining asset and
liability allocation issues between Palm and PalmSource. The Palm board of directors appointed a new separation committee to address these remaining issues. 



On January 16, 2003, Handspring announced that it completed the restructuring of its Sunnyvale lease
obligations. 

On January 20, 2003, Palms board of
directors held a meeting where the separation committee of the board of directors updated the board of directors on the principles and processes by which the separation committee was operating and discussed various issues regarding the separation of
PalmSource. 

In early January 2003, Mr. Bradley contacted Ms.
Dubinsky to resume preliminary discussions about a combination. On January 23, 2003, Messrs. Bradley and Morali met with Ms. Dubinsky to formalize a process to advance the combination discussions between the two companies. Ms. Dubinsky also
discussed the lease restructuring. 

On January 31, 2003, Angel
Mendez, Senior Vice President, Global Operations of Palm, Mr. Morali, Dave Vadasz, Senior Director, Corporate Development of Palm, and Jason Zajac, Vice President, Product Planning and Strategy of Palm, met with Mr. Colligan, Ms. Dubinsky, John
Hartnett, Vice President, Worldwide Operations of Handspring, and William R. Slakey, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Handspring, to discuss Handsprings business strategy, product roadmap, carrier relationships and financial plan,
and exchange views on the strategic rationale for a combination. 

On February 5, 2003, the Handspring board of directors held a regularly scheduled board meeting. At the meeting, the board discussed, among other topics, potential financing opportunities with financial and strategic investors. The board
then discussed the status of managements discussions with Palm regarding a potential merger. Management also updated the board on its discussions with various other potential acquirors. The board determined that management should continue to
pursue the potential transaction with Palm, and, as an alternative, a financing with outside investors or an acquisition by a company other than Palm. 

On February 7, 2003, Messrs. Morali, Vadasz and Zajac met with Messrs. Colligan and Hawkins and Ms. Dubinsky to discuss Palms business strategy,
product roadmap, financial plan, and to further exchange views on the strategic rationale for a combination. 

On February 10, 2003, Eric Benhamou, Chairman of Palms board of directors and interim Chief Executive Officer of Palm spoke with L. John Doerr,
director of Handspring, to discuss the potential transaction. The two agreed to proceed and meet to discuss the transaction further. 

On February 10, 2003, the Handspring board of directors held a meeting to discuss the potential transaction with Palm and financing opportunities with
investors. Management also updated the board on its discussions with various other potential acquirors. The board determined that management should continue to pursue the transaction with Palm, the financing opportunities and an acquisition by a
company other than Palm. 

On February 12, 2003, Messrs. Bradley
and Morali met with Mr. Colligan and Ms. Dubinsky to discuss the potential management structure and board composition of the combined company. 

On February 13, 2003, Mr. Benhamou met with Mr. Doerr to discuss their views regarding strategies for, and the potential of, the combined company and
corporate governance matters. 

On February 18, 2003, Judy
Bruner, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Palm, and Mr. Vadasz met with Mr. Slakey to review Handsprings financial plan. 

On February 28, 2003, Mr. Benhamou again met with Mr. Doerr. They discussed Palms outstanding litigation and the proposed structure order and timing
of the transaction, which would include the PalmSource distribution and then the acquisition of Handspring. 



On March 3, 2003, Messrs. Morali and Vadasz, along with representatives from Wilson Sonsini Goodrich
& Rosati, Professional Corporation, and Hale & Dorr LLP, counsel to Palm, met with Ms. Dubinsky, David G. Pine, Vice President and General Counsel of Handspring, and representatives from Fenwick & West LLP, counsel to Handspring, to
discuss the status of outstanding litigation matters for both companies. 

On March 3, 2003, Messrs. Morali and Vadasz, along with representatives from Morgan Stanley and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, met with Ms. Dubinsky, and Messrs. Slakey and Pine, along with representatives from
Fenwick & West, to discuss a possible transaction structure, timing to complete a transaction and a valuation framework. Palm presented a proposed transaction structure which comprised the distribution of the PalmSource stock held by Palm to
Palms existing stockholders followed by the combination of the remaining Palm Solutions Group business with Handspring. 

On March 4, 2003, Steve Manser, Senior Vice President, Product Development of Palm, and Messrs. Vadasz and Zajac met with Celeste Baranski, Vice President
of Engineering of Handspring, and Mr. Colligan to discuss Handsprings engineering organization and product development schedule for their next generation product. 

On March 4, 2003, Handspring engaged Credit Suisse First Boston to act as Handsprings financial advisor. 

On March 7, 2003, the Palm board of directors held a meeting where
management and its advisors provided an update regarding the discussions with Handspring. At this meeting, Mr. Morali led a discussion regarding the strategic rationale of the transaction, a proposed transaction structure, timing and key legal and
financial terms of the transaction, including the pro forma impact of the transaction. The board of directors approved managements recommendation to present proposed key terms to and conduct further due diligence on Handspring. The Palm board
discussed issues relating to the separation of PalmSource, the guiding principles of the separation committee and recommendations of the separation committee. In addition, a representative of Richards, Layton & Finger, counsel to Palm, and
representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati discussed with the Palm board fiduciary duty issues related to the transaction. 

Commencing in late February and continuing through March 2003, management of Palms Solutions Group and PalmSource met frequently to discuss the
status of various outstanding issues relating to the separation and to negotiate the remaining agreements to complete the separation of the two businesses. 

On March 10, 2003, Messrs. Morali and Vadasz and representatives from Morgan Stanley met with Messrs. Colligan and Slakey, Ms. Dubinsky and
representatives from Credit Suisse First Boston to discuss proposed board composition, management structure and Palms valuation. The parties also discussed Handsprings stand-alone financial model and synergy assumptions. 

On March 11, 2003, the Handspring board of directors met with its financial
advisor to discuss the potential transaction with Palm, including timing, the strategic rationale, risks, key terms, and Palms preliminary views of a proposed transaction valuation. Management and the board reviewed in detail the preliminary
terms proposed by Palm and approved counter-proposals to be made to Palm by management and Mr. Doerr and director Bruce W. Dunlevie. 

On March 12, 2003, Michael Homer and Susan Swenson, directors of Palm, met with Messrs. Dunlevie and Doerr to discuss board composition of the combined
company. 

On March 17, 2003, Ms. Bruner, Messrs. Morali and
Vadasz and representatives from Morgan Stanley met with Ms. Dubinsky, Mr. Slakey and representatives from Credit Suisse First Boston to discuss business model assumptions and potential synergies for the combined company. 

On March 20, 2003, Mr. Bradley met with Ms. Dubinsky to further discuss the
board composition of the combined company. 



On March 21, 2003, Mr. Benhamou and Mr. Doerr met again for a mutual update on the progress of the
negotiations and governance of the combined company. Also on the same day, Mr. Benhamou spoke with Mr. Dunlevie regarding governance of the combined company. 

On March 21, 2003, Messrs. Bradley and Morali met with Mses. Dubinsky and Baranski and Messrs. Colligan, Hartnett, Hawkins, Pine and Slakey, Joseph L.
Sipher, Vice President, Worldwide Marketing of Handspring, Tricia A. Tomlinson, Vice President, Human Resources of Handspring, and Gregory S. Woock, Vice President, Worldwide Sales of Handspring, to address Palms strategy and corporate
culture, as well as exchange views on the future of the mobile computing and communications industry. 

On March 23, 2003, Mr. Benhamou and Ms. Dubinsky met to discuss board composition of the combined company. Mr. Benhamou and Ms. Dubinsky communicated from
time to time during the remainder of the negotiation process in April and May. 

On March 24, 2003, the Handspring board of directors held a meeting where management and its financial advisors provided an update regarding the discussions with Palm concerning the potential transaction. Messrs.
Dunlevie and Doerr updated the board on their discussions with Palm regarding certain key terms. The board discussed the possibility of receiving financing from Palm in connection with a potential transaction. The board also discussed stand-alone
financing alternatives and determined that management should continue to pursue both options. 

On March 25, 2003, Palm executed an engagement letter dated as of March 18, 2003 with Morgan Stanley under which Palm engaged Morgan Stanley to act as Palms financial advisor in connection with a proposed
business combination involving Handspring. 

On March 28, 2003,
Messrs. Morali and Vadasz and representatives from Morgan Stanley and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, met with Ms. Dubinsky, Messrs. Pine and Slakey and representatives from Credit Suisse First Boston and Fenwick & West to discuss key
terms of a transaction and to organize the due diligence process. At this meeting, Palm also requested that Handspring agree to negotiate exclusively with Palm. Also at the meeting, representatives of Handspring discussed Handsprings need for
financing and requested that Palm provide interim financing to Handspring during the pendency of a business combination and extend credit in the event that the transaction was not completed. 

On March 30, 2003, the Handspring board of directors held a meeting with its
financial and legal advisors to discuss the potential transaction with Palm, including a potential interim financing by Palm during the pendency of the transaction and other strategic alternatives. Management and Handsprings legal counsel
updated the board regarding its discussions of the terms proposed by Palm. The board also discussed strategic alternatives to a transaction with Palm, including a potential financing from investors. The board determined that management should
continue to pursue both the potential transaction with Palm and a financing from investors. 

On March 31, 2003, the Handspring board of directors met again with its financial and legal advisors to further discuss the potential transaction with Palm and other strategic alternatives, including potential
financing from financial and strategic investors. The board reviewed in detail the terms proposed by Palm and the request by Palm to enter into an exclusivity agreement. The board approved counter-proposals to be made to Palm by management and
Handsprings advisors. The board also discussed the status of Handsprings recent contacts with potential financial and strategic investors, and agreed that management should continue to pursue both the transaction with Palm and a
financing. 

On March 31, 2003, Palm and PalmSource held an
internal organizational meeting to begin the resolution of the remaining PalmSource separation issues and complete the remaining documentation relating to the separation. Separate groups were formed to address the various topics that remain
unresolved with respect to the separation, and these groups met frequently in April and May 2003 to negotiate the unresolved issues under the guidance and supervision of the separation committee of the Palm board of directors. 



On April 2, 2003, Ms. Swenson met with Ms. Dubinsky and Messrs. Colligan and Hawkins to discuss
Handsprings business strategy and Palms governance philosophy. 

On April 3, 2003, Messrs. Bradley, Morali, Vadasz and Zajac, Ms. Bruner and Neil Scott, Vice President and Corporate Controller of Palm, and representatives from Morgan Stanley and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
met with Mses. Dubinsky, Baranski and Tomlinson, John Gilmore, Director, Carrier Services and Support of Handspring, and Messrs. Hartnett, Pine, Sipher, Slakey and Woock and representatives from Credit Suisse First Boston and Fenwick & West.
Each team gave an overview presentation regarding its business. In addition, Palm gave a presentation outlining the proposed terms of the separation of PalmSource. 

On April 4 and 7, 2003, executives from both companies met for the purpose of Palm conducting due diligence on Handspring.
In addition, beginning April 4, 2003 Handspring made confidential legal and financial due diligence materials available to Palm and its advisors, and Palm and its advisors continued their legal and financial due diligence investigation of
Handsprings business. 

On April 7, 2003, based on the
preliminary transaction terms discussed between the parties, Palm and Handspring executed an exclusivity agreement in which Handspring agreed to negotiate exclusively with Palm for 30 days regarding an acquisition transaction, other than with
respect to certain permitted financing transactions. 

Beginning
on April 9, 2003, Palm made confidential legal and financial due diligence materials available to Handspring and its advisors, and Handspring and Fenwick & West continued their legal and financial due diligence investigation of Palms
business. 

On April 10, 2003, Mr. Morali, Dr. Nagel and
representatives from Morgan Stanley met with representatives from Credit Suisse First Boston to discuss the PalmSource business. 

Also on April 10, 2003, the Handspring board of directors met with its financial and legal advisors to discuss, among other things, the preliminary
results for Handsprings third fiscal quarter, the potential transaction with Palm and a potential financing from financial and strategic investors. Handsprings financial advisors provided an update on negotiations with Palm.
Handsprings legal advisors presented preliminary due diligence findings which included a discussion of the separation of PalmSource from Palm and a review of Palms outstanding and potential liabilities. The board also discussed the
status of Handsprings recent contacts with potential financial and strategic investors, and agreed that management should continue to pursue both the transaction with Palm, as well as an alternative financing with outside investors.

On April 11 and 16, 2003, executives from both companies met
for the purpose of Handspring conducting due diligence on Palm. 

On April 16, 2003, the Palm board of directors held a meeting at which management and its advisors provided an update regarding the discussions with, and due diligence on, Handspring. Mr. Bradley provided an overview to the board of
directors regarding the results of Palms preliminary due diligence investigation of Handspring. Mr. Colligan and Ms. Dubinsky attended a portion of the meeting and presented on their business strategy and next generation product, as well as
thoughts related to the prospects of the combined company. At the conclusion of the meeting, the Palm board instructed management to conduct further due diligence related to Handsprings carrier contracts and channel inventory. 

On April 18, 2003, Messrs. Morali and Vadasz and representatives from Morgan
Stanley met with Messrs. Pine and Slakey and representatives from Credit Suisse First Boston and Fenwick & West to present a non-binding term sheet to Handspring. 



On April 18, 2003, the Handspring board of directors met with its financial and legal advisors to discuss
the status of Handsprings business, the potential transaction with Palm and a potential financing from investors. Management discussed the strategic rationale for the transaction. Management and Handsprings legal advisors presented
results of their business and legal due diligence to date. In addition, Handsprings legal advisors gave a detailed presentation related to Palms outstanding litigation. The board reviewed in detail the terms proposed by Palm and approved
counter-proposals to be made to Palm by management and Handsprings advisors. The board concluded that management should continue to pursue both the transaction with Palm and the financing. 

On April 22, 2003, representatives of Fenwick & West delivered comments
to the term sheet prepared by Palm. 

On April 23, 2003, Messrs.
Morali and Vadasz and representatives from Morgan Stanley and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati met with Mr. Slakey and representatives from Credit Suisse First Boston and Fenwick & West to negotiate the term sheet and the key terms of the
transaction. Mr. Slakey reiterated Handsprings request for financing from Palm. 

On April 25, 2003, the Palm board of directors held a meeting at which management and its advisors provided an update related to the discussions with Handspring. At this meeting, Mr. Morali presented findings from the
additional due diligence requested by Palms board of directors. The board of directors also discussed Handsprings request for funding and authorized Palms management to explore arrangements to provide financing to Handspring.

On April 25, 2003, the Handspring board of directors met with
its financial and legal advisors to discuss the potential transaction with Palm and a potential financing from investors. Handsprings legal advisors discussed with the board its fiduciary duty obligations in the context of the potential
transaction. Handsprings legal advisors then summarized the terms of the transaction with Palm that were currently under negotiation. Handsprings financial advisors made a detailed presentation comparing the potential economic terms of a
merger with Palm against various financing scenarios. The board then approved counter-proposals to be made to Palm. The board also discussed the status of Handsprings recent contacts with potential financial and strategic investors, and agreed
that management should continue to pursue both the transaction with Palm and a financing. 

On May 6, 2003, Messrs. Morali and Vadasz and representatives of Morgan Stanley and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati met with Messrs. Pine and Slakey and representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston and Fenwick
& West to negotiate key terms of the transaction, including the exchange ratio for the transaction, merger agreement terms and a proposed term sheet for Palm to extend financing to Handspring in connection with a merger agreement. 

From May 7 to May 14, the representatives of Palm and Handspring spoke
frequently regarding the proposed terms of the business combination, including the valuation of the transaction and the terms of the financing proposed to be provided by Palm. 

On May 7, 2003, the Handspring board of directors held a regularly scheduled board meeting. Handsprings financial and
legal advisors were present to discuss the potential transaction with Palm and a potential financing from investors. Handsprings legal advisors updated the board on the status of the negotiations with Palm and management reported on the status
of a potential financing. The board agreed that management should continue to pursue both the transaction with Palm and the financing alternative. 

On May 9, 2003, Messrs. Benhamou and Homer and Ms. Swenson met with management and Palms advisors and received an update related to the discussions
with Handspring, including a summary of the proposed terms of the transaction and an update on the legal and financial aspects of the transaction. Messrs. Benhamou and Homer and Ms. Swenson provided feedback on the current terms and suggestions for
counter proposals to be made to Handspring. 



On May 9, 2003, Mr. Bradley met with Mr. Colligan and Ms. Dubinsky to discuss the proposed management
structure of the combined company. 

On May 12, 2003, a subset
the Handspring board of directors met with Mr. Bradley to discuss questions related to Palms strategy and plans for the combined company. 

On May 14, 2003, the Palm board of directors held a meeting at which management and its advisors provided an update related to the discussions with
Handspring and the separation. At this meeting, Mr. Morali led a discussion with the board regarding the key terms of the definitive merger agreement, the proposed financing arrangements and other key legal and financial matters. Mr. Morali
completed the discussion on Handspring by presenting a timeline to complete the merger and key risks and contingencies related to the transaction. In addition, at the May 14 board meeting, Palms board of directors received updates regarding
the agreements relating to the separation of PalmSource and a report on the work of the separation committee. 

On May 15, 2003, the Handspring board of directors met with its financial and legal advisors to discuss the status of Handsprings business, the
potential transaction with Palm and a potential financing from investors. Management explained in detail the issues under negotiation related to the potential merger with Palm. Management and Handsprings legal advisors also updated the board
on due diligence of Palm, including pending and threatened litigation against Palm. The board discussed the terms proposed by Palm and the due diligence in detail and approved counter-proposals to be made to Palm. The board also discussed the
history and status of Handsprings recent contacts with potential investors, and agreed that management should continue to pursue both the transaction with Palm and a financing. 

On May 16, 2003, Messrs. Bradley and Morali and Ms. Bruner met with Ms. Dubinsky and Mr. Slakey. At this meeting the two
parties reached agreement on key terms and agreed to a process to negotiate the definitive merger agreement. Also on May 16, Messrs. Morali and Vadasz and representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati and Morgan Stanley held a telephone
conference call with Messrs. Slakey and Pine and representatives of Fenwick & West and Credit Suisse First Boston to discuss the process for completion of definitive agreements for the transaction. 

On May 17, 2003, Palm delivered a draft definitive agreement and related
documents for the transaction and draft definitive agreements for a credit line for Handspring. 

On May 20 and May 21, 2003, representatives of Handspring delivered comments to the draft definitive agreements delivered by Palm. 

On May 22, 2003, Messrs. Bradley and Morali met with Mr. Colligan and Ms.
Dubinsky to discuss management structure, employee severance and retention strategy, post-merger integration planning and communications plans. 

On May 22, 2003, the Handspring board of directors met with its legal advisors to discuss the potential transaction with Palm and a potential financing
from investors. Handsprings legal advisors reviewed in detail the terms proposed by Palm and summarized the terms still under negotiation. Management and the board also discussed the history and status of Handsprings recent contacts with
potential financial and strategic investors. The board determined that management should continue to pursue both the transaction with Palm and a financing. 

On May 26, 2003, representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati and Fenwick & West met to further discuss the definitive agreements relating
to the transaction. 

On May 27, 2003, Mr. Vadasz and
representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati and Mr. Slakey and representatives of Fenwick & West met to continue to discuss the definitive agreements relating to the transaction. 



On May 28, 2003, Mr. Vadasz and Al Wood, Chief Financial Officer of PalmSource, and representatives from
Morgan Stanley spoke with representatives from Credit Suisse First Boston to discuss the PalmSource business model and financial plan. 

On May 28, 2003, Marianne Jackson, Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Palm and Mr. Morali met with Mr. Colligan and Ms. Tomlinson
to discuss employment offers for members of the Handspring executive team. 

On May 29, 2003, the Palm board of directors held a meeting at which management and its advisors provided an update related to the separation and the discussions with Handspring. Representatives of Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati reviewed with the board of directors their fiduciary obligations with respect to the transaction, including the separation of PalmSource, and provided the board with a detailed summary of the terms of the separation agreements
approved in December 2001 and the proposed amendments to those agreements and new separation agreements. The representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati also reviewed the remaining open issues with respect to the separation agreements.
The Palm board of directors reviewed the plans to distribute the PalmSource shares to Palm stockholders as part of the transaction and thereby fully separate Palm and PalmSource, including a review of the viability of each of the two companies on a
stand-alone basis. Mr. Morali also reviewed with the board of directors the status of the discussions with the Handspring, including due diligence items that remain unresolved, managements communications plan and the post-merger integration
planning process. 

On May 29, 2003, executives and advisors
from both companies held a series of telephonic meetings for the purpose of updating each other on their respective performances for the current fiscal quarter. 

From May 29 through June 3, 2003, the parties met frequently to complete the definitive documentation for the transaction. During that time, Palm also
presented employment offers to members of the Handspring executive team. 

On May 30, 2003, the Handspring board of directors held a meeting with its financial and legal advisors to review the status of the merger negotiations with Palm and its pursuit of a financing from investors and to
discuss adopting a stockholder rights plan. Management updated the board on its discussions with various potential investors. Then management gave a presentation on the strategic benefits and risks of the proposed combination with Palm. Management
and Handsprings legal advisors provided a detailed summary of the proposed transaction terms as well as a summary of due diligence of the business of Palm, the separation of PalmSource and risks related to Palm. Following presentations
regarding the terms and operation of a stockholders rights plan, the board discussed the desirability of Handspring adopting such a plan. Following discussion, the Handspring board authorized the companys management to continue to pursue both
the transaction with Palm and a potential financing. 

On June
2, 2003, the Handspring board of directors met with its financial and legal advisors to discuss the potential transaction with Palm and a potential financing from investors. Management updated the board on the status of negotiations with potential
investors and noted that potential investors were reluctant to significantly improve the proposed terms of a potential financing. Management then updated the board on the status of the definitive transaction agreements related to the proposed merger
with Palm and summarized the terms that still required agreement. Management also discussed the benefits of a merger, the timing of the transaction and updated the board on due diligence matters. Following discussion, the Handspring board authorized
the companys management to pursue the transaction with Palm and attempt to improve the terms of a potential financing. 

From June 2 to June 4, 2003, representatives from Palm and Handspring worked to finalize the definitive agreements and employment arrangements for
Handspring executives. The representatives also worked to complete communications materials, including a joint press release announcing the transaction. In addition, during late May and early June, Palm and PalmSource completed the remaining
definitive agreements relating to the separation. 



On June 3, 2003, the Palm board of directors held a meeting to approve the transaction. Mr. Morali led a
discussion summarizing the strategic rationale of the transaction and key risks and contingencies. At this meeting, a representative of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati and Mary E. Doyle, Palms Senior Vice President and General Counsel,
presented an update regarding the final separation agreements and summarized the remaining open items relating to the separation. The board approved the separation agreements subject to resolution by Palm and PalmSource management of the remaining
items, with resolution of any disputes delegated to Palms separation committee; the remaining issues were resolved by Palm and PalmSource management early the next morning. A representative of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati provided an
overview of the board of directors fiduciary duties and the final terms related to the transaction and the merger agreement. Representatives of Morgan Stanley reviewed their financial analyses with respect to the proposed Handspring merger,
and Morgan Stanley rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of June 3, 2003 and subject to and based on the assumptions and other considerations set forth in its written opinion, the exchange ratio of 0.09
pursuant to the merger agreement was fair to Palm from a financial point of view. After consideration of these presentations, the Palm board of directors discussed the reasons for the transaction. The Palm board of directors unanimously approved the
transaction and the merger agreement, unanimously concluding that the transaction was in the best interests of Palm stockholders. 

On June 3, 2003, the Handspring board of directors held a meeting to consider the approval of the proposed merger. During this meeting, representatives of
Fenwick & West gave a detailed report on due diligence related to Palm, including certain of Palms pending litigation matters, and reviewed the terms of the transaction. Then representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston provided the board
with a detailed financial analysis of the proposed transaction, and delivered to the board the oral opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston, subsequently confirmed in writing on June 4, 2003, that, as of that date and subject to the assumptions,
considerations and limitations set forth in its opinion, the exchange ratio for shares of Palm common stock to be received by Handspring stockholders in the transaction was fair to such stockholders, other than such stockholders who were both
directors and officers of Handspring or affiliates of such stockholders, from a financial point of view. Then representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston presented to the board their financial analyses for purposes of having the Board set an
exercise price of the rights to be issued in connection with a stockholder rights plan. Following additional discussion, the board of directors of Handspring unanimously determined that the merger transaction with Palm was advisable and in the best
interests of Handsprings stockholders and approved the merger and related matters, and the adoption of a stockholder rights plan. 

On June 4, 2003, Palm and Handspring entered into the merger agreement and a joint press release announcing the transaction was issued prior to the
opening of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Reasons for the Transaction 

Reasons for the Separation and PalmSource Distribution 

The board of directors of Palm has determined that the separation of PalmSource from Palms Solutions Group and the PalmSource distribution is advisable and in the best interests of Palm and its stockholders. In making its
determination to approve the PalmSource distribution, the board of directors of Palm identified several reasons for, and potential benefits to Palm stockholders of, the separation of Palms device business from its Palm OS business, and the
creation of two independent public companies. Palm believes these potential benefits include: 



The potential to increase the number of PalmSource licensees for Palm OS. 

Palm and PalmSource believe that, despite PalmSources success in licensing Palm OS to multiple device manufacturers, a market
perception that Palms device business competes with PalmSources current or prospective Palm OS licensees has limited PalmSources ability to attract new licensees. Each company believes that the separation will address the perceived
conflict of interest between Palm and PalmSource and expand the licensing opportunities available to PalmSource. 





Increased competitiveness of the Palm OS, benefiting both Palm and PalmSource 

As an independent publicly traded company, we believe PalmSource will be more focused on advancing the Palm OS in order to attract and
maintain licensees. We believe this will lead to a more competitive Palm OS, which will allow both Palm and PalmSource to be more successful in the marketplace. 



Increased speed and responsiveness to technology change and customer needs for both Palm and PalmSource. 

Palm and PalmSource believe that they will be able to make decisions more quickly and assign resources more
rapidly and efficiently than they could as a part of a more complex organization with many different strategic initiatives. As a result, each company believes that they will be better positioned as a stand-alone company to accelerate the development
of their respective businesses than they would be as part of a combined organization. 



Greater opportunity of management teams and employees of both Palm and PalmSource to focus on their respective businesses and strategic opportunities. 

The separation will allow Palm and PalmSource to have their
own board of directors, management team, sales force and other employees focused specifically on their respective businesses and strategic opportunities. Each company will have greater ability to modify its business processes and organization to
better fit the needs of its business, customers and employees. Each company will also be able to implement a marketing strategy that focuses on its business. Finally, competition for management time, group resources and capital that may currently
exist between PalmSources operating system business and Palms device business will be eliminated. 



Aligned employee incentives and greater accountability for both Palm and PalmSource management and employees. 

Palm and PalmSource expect the motivation of their employees
and the focus of their management teams will be strengthened by incentive compensation programs tied to the market performance of Palms and PalmSources common stock and linked to the performance of their respective businesses. Each
company also expects that their ability to attract and retain qualified personnel will be enhanced. 



Direct access to capital markets. 

As separate companies, Palm and PalmSource will have direct access to the capital markets to fund operations and acquire businesses, key
products and technologies. Each company believes that, as separate companies, their respective businesses will be better positioned to be more easily understood and valued by investors and securities analysts. 

In addition, the Palm board of directors viewed the opportunity to complete
the PalmSource distribution together at the same time with the Handspring merger as a means of creating two leadership companies each with a strong focus on its core business and opportunities for growth. 

Reasons for the Handspring Merger

We believe the complementary strengths of Palms
Solutions Group business and Handspring will combine to create the broadest portfolio and the most experienced leadership team in the handheld computing and communications solutions industry. The decision of the boards of directors of Palm and
Handspring to combine was based on this combined leadership and several additional potential benefits of the Handspring merger that they believe will contribute to the future success of the combined company and to the value received by its
customers, partners and stockholders. These potential benefits include: 



The ability to take better advantage of future growth opportunities through increased scale and operational efficiency. 



We expect that the combined company will have greater revenue opportunities. With our
combined assets and resources, we believe that we can better pursue the emerging growth opportunity associated with the smartphone segment. We also expect to obtain improved operating efficiencies of approximately $25 million of cost savings
annually. The cost savings assume combined employee reductions of approximately 125 people, elimination of overlapping programs and unnecessary real estate, and the advantages of increased volume in manufacturing and distribution. 



The ability to deliver a broad portfolio of mobile products from traditional and multimedia handhelds to wireless handhelds and smartphones. 

With the addition of Handsprings line of Treo
smartphones the products of the combined company will span core handhelds to wireless data and voice-centric solutions. This will allow the combined company to address the major segments of the handheld computing and communications solutions
industry. 



The ability to add Palms strong brand and distribution channels to Handsprings highly regarded Treo product line and wireless telecommunications carrier relationships.

Palms strength in the
traditional personal digital assistant, or PDA, space has enabled it to develop a strong brand and retail distribution presence. The combined company will take advantage of these assets to the benefit of the emerging wireless handheld and smartphone
segments. 



The ability to enhance the Palm management team and board of directors. 

The Handspring merger will add three members to the board of directors of Palm from the current Handspring board of directors: L. John
Doerr, Bruce W. Dunlevie and Donna L. Dubinsky. In addition, Edward T. Colligan, currently President and Chief Operating Officer of Handspring, will become Senior Vice President, General Manager, Wireless Business Unit of the combined company and
Jeffrey C. Hawkins, Handsprings current Chairman and Chief Product Officer, will become the Chief Technology Officer of the combined company and will serve in this capacity on a part-time basis as he did in his capacity as Chief Product
Officer of Handspring. Ms. Dubinsky and Messrs. Hawkins and Colligan each played a critical role in the early success of Palm and, as a result, the creation and development of the handheld industry. Messrs. Doerr and Dunlevie are each successful
venture investors with extensive experience in the handheld industry and corporate governance. 

The boards of directors and management teams of Palm and Handspring have each considered a number of alternatives for enhancing their competitive position and stockholder value and believe the combination of Palm and
Handspring offers the best alternative to form a stronger market leader in mobile computing and communications. 

We believe our competitive position, financial strength and innovative product offerings are all improved by this transaction. For these reasons, we
believe the transaction will allow us to grow, to meet competitive challenges ahead and to deliver value to our stockholders, customers and employees. 

Consideration of the Transaction by, and Recommendation of, the Board of Directors of Palm 

The board of directors of Palm has determined that the transaction is advisable, and is fair to and in the best interests of Palm and its stockholders. In
making its determination to approve the PalmSource distribution and Handspring merger, the board of directors of Palm consulted with Palms management, Palms legal counsel regarding the legal terms of the PalmSource distribution and
Handspring merger, and Palms financial advisors regarding the financial aspects of the PalmSource distribution and the Handspring merger and fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Handspring merger exchange ratio to Palm. The factors
that the board of directors of Palm considered in reaching its determination include, but were not limited to, the following: 



the strategic reasons for the transaction described in Reasons for the Transaction beginning on page 64 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus;





historical information concerning Palms, PalmSources and Handsprings respective businesses, prospects, financial performance and condition, operations, technology,
management and competitive position, including public reports concerning results of operations during the most recent fiscal year and fiscal quarter for each company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 



managements view of the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Palm, PalmSource and Handspring before and after giving effect to the transaction;



current financial market conditions and historical market prices, volatility and trading information with respect to the common stock of Palm and the common stock of Handspring;



the belief that the terms of the merger agreement, including the parties representations, warranties and covenants, and the conditions to their respective obligations, are
reasonable; 



the presentations by, and discussions with, Morgan Stanley, and the oral opinion of Morgan Stanley dated June 3, 2003 to the Palm board of directors, subsequently confirmed in
writing, to the effect that, as of the date of its opinion, and subject to and based upon the assumptions and other considerations set forth in its written opinion, the exchange ratio of 0.09 pursuant to the merger agreement was fair to Palm from a
financial point of view. A copy of Morgan Stanleys written opinion is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C; 



the impact of the transaction and its announcement on Palms, PalmSources and Handsprings customers, suppliers and employees; 



the fact that Palm stockholders will have the opportunity to vote upon the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement; 



the interests that certain executive officers and directors of Palm may have with respect to the transaction in addition to their interests as stockholders of Palm generally, as
described in more detail in the section Interests of certain persons in the merger beginning on page 87 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus; and 



the likelihood that Palm and Handspring would be able to complete the transaction, including their ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals; 



reports from management, legal and financial advisors as to the results of the due diligence investigation of Handspring. 

In addition, the board of directors of Palm also identified and considered a
variety of potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the transaction, including, but not limited to: 



the risk that PalmSource may make strategic choices that are not in the best interest of the combined company as it focuses on diversifying its revenue base;



the risk that PalmSource will create more competition for the combined company through expanded licensing of the Palm OS; 



the risk that that combined company and PalmSource may have difficulty funding their respective capital needs; 



the risk that the potential benefits sought in the transaction might not be fully realized; 



the possibility that the transaction might not be completed, or that completion might be unduly delayed; 



the effect of the public announcement of the transaction on Palms sales and operating results; 



the potential negative impact of customer or supplier confusion after announcement of the proposed transaction; 



the substantial cash cost and charges to be incurred in connection with the transaction, including costs separating Palm and PalmSource and integrating the Solutions Group and
Handspring and other transaction expenses; 





the risk that despite the efforts of the combined company, key technical and management personnel might not remain employed by the combined company; 



the terms of the merger agreement regarding Palms right to consider and negotiate acquisition proposals in certain circumstances, as well as the possible effects of the
provisions regarding a line of credit to Handspring and termination fees; and 



various other risks associated with the transaction and the businesses of Palm and the combined company described in Risk Factors beginning on page 25 of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. 

The board of
directors of Palm concluded, however, that these negative factors could be managed or mitigated by Palm or by the combined company or were unlikely to have a material impact on the transaction or the combined company, and that, overall, the
potentially negative factors associated with the transaction were outweighed by the potential benefits of the transaction. 

The above discussion of the material factors considered by the board of directors of Palm is not intended to be exhaustive, but does set forth the
principal factors considered by the board of directors of Palm. The board of directors collectively reached the unanimous conclusion to approve the merger agreement and the transaction in light of the various factors described above and other
factors that each member of the board of directors felt were appropriate. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the transaction and the complexity of these matters, the board
of directors did not consider it practical, and did not attempt, to quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors it considered in reaching its decision. Rather, the board of directors made its recommendation based on
the totality of information presented to and the investigation conducted by it. In considering the factors discussed above, individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. 

The Palm board of directors unanimously recommends that Palm
stockholders vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement. 

Opinion of Palms Financial Advisor 

Under an engagement letter dated as of March 18, 2003, Palm retained Morgan Stanley to provide it with financial advisory services and a financial opinion letter in connection with the Handspring merger. At the meeting of Palms board
of directors on June 3, 2003, Morgan Stanley rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of June 3, 2003 and subject to and based upon the assumptions and other considerations set forth in its written
opinion, the exchange ratio of 0.09 pursuant to the merger agreement was fair to Palm from a financial point of view. 

The full text of the written opinion of Morgan Stanley, dated as of June 3, 2003, is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
The opinion sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley in rendering its opinion. Palm recommends that you to read the entire
opinion carefully. Morgan Stanleys opinion is directed to Palms board of directors and addresses only the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement to Palm as of the date of the
opinion. It does not address any other aspects of the Handspring merger and does not constitute a recommendation to any holder of Palm common stock as to how such stockholder should vote with respect to the Handspring merger or any matter. The
summary of the opinion of Morgan Stanley set forth in this document is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. 

In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other things: 



reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other information of Palm and Handspring, respectively; 



reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and operating data concerning Palm and Handspring, prepared by the managements of Palm and Handspring,
respectively; 





reviewed certain financial projections prepared by the managements of Palm and Handspring, respectively; 



reviewed the pro forma impact of the Handspring merger on certain financial and operating metrics, including the impact on revenue growth, operating margins, and cash balances, for
the combined company; 



discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the prospects of Palm and Handspring, including financial projections prepared by the managements of Palm and
Handspring and information relating to certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the Handspring merger, with senior executives of Palm and Handspring, respectively; 



reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for the Palm common stock and Handspring common stock; 



compared the financial performance of Palm and Handspring and the prices and trading activity of the Palm common stock and Handspring common stock with that of certain other
publicly-traded companies comparable to Palm and Handspring, respectively, and their securities; 



reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of comparable merger transactions; 



reviewed and discussed with the senior managements of Palm and Handspring their strategic rationales for the Handspring merger; 



participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of Palm, Handspring and their financial and legal advisors; 



reviewed the draft merger agreement; and 



performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as Morgan Stanley deemed appropriate. 

Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the information
reviewed by it for the purposes of its opinion. With respect to the internal financial statements, other financial and operating data, and financial projections, including certain projections and information relating to the strategic, financial and
operational costs and benefits anticipated from the Handspring merger, Morgan Stanley assumed that they were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the future financial performance of Palm and
Handspring, respectively. In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed that the Handspring merger and the merger of Palm and Palm Separation Corporation which implements the PalmSource distribution, will be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth
in the merger agreement without material modification or waiver, including among other things, that the Handspring merger and the PalmSource distribution will be treated as a tax-free reorganization and distribution, each pursuant to the Internal
Revenue Code. 

Morgan Stanley relied upon the assessment by the
managements of Palm and Handspring of their ability to retain key employees of Palm and Handspring, respectively. Morgan Stanley also relied upon, without independent verification, the assessment by the managements of Palm and Handspring of: (i) the
strategic, financial and other costs and benefits expected to result from the Handspring merger; (ii) the timing and risks associated with the integration of Palm and Handspring; and (iii) the validity of, and risks associated with, Palms and
Handsprings existing and future technologies, services or business models. Morgan Stanley has not made any independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities or technology of Palm and Handspring, nor has it been furnished with any
such appraisals. 

Morgan Stanleys opinion was necessarily
based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to Morgan Stanley as of, June 3, 2003. 



Morgan Stanley was not asked to consider, and Morgan Stanleys opinion does not address, the
relative merits of the Handspring merger as compared to any alternative strategies or transactions that might exist for Palm or the effect of such strategies or transactions, whether or not such strategies or transactions may be available.

The following is a brief summary of the material analyses
performed by Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and the preparation of its written opinion. Some of these summaries of financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the financial
analyses used by Morgan Stanley, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. 

Handspring Standalone Valuation

Trading Range Analysis.
    Morgan Stanley
reviewed the range of closing prices of Handspring common stock for various periods ending on June 2, 2003, the last full trading day prior to the meeting of Palms board of directors to consider and approve the Handspring merger and two days
prior to the public announcement of the Handspring merger. Morgan Stanley observed by the following: 

Period Ending June 2, 2003

Range of Closing Prices

Last 90 Trading Days

$0.62$1.22

Last Twelve Months

$0.58$2.14

Morgan Stanley noted that the closing
price of Handspring common stock price increased from $0.88 to $1.22 from May 29, 2003 through June 2, 2003. 

Based on Palms market capitalization as of June 2, 2003 of $349 million, illustrative values of PalmSource ranging from $50 million to $100 million,
and the exchange ratio of 0.09 pursuant to the merger agreement, Morgan Stanley noted that the per share values of Handspring common stock implied by the Handspring merger ranged from $0.77 to $0.93. 

Comparable Company Trading Analysis.
    Morgan
Stanley compared certain publicly available financial information of Handspring with publicly available information for Palm and the following companies: 



Motorola Corporation 



Nokia, Inc. 



Research in Motion Inc. 



Symbol Technologies Inc. 

Morgan Stanley then analyzed the ratio of aggregate value, defined as market capitalization plus total debt less cash and cash equivalents, for each of
these companies to estimated calendar year 2004 revenues (based on publicly available equity research analyst estimates). This analysis showed the following: 

Company

Aggregate Value to
Estimated Calendar Year
2004 Revenues

Motorola

0.7

Nokia

2.0

Palm

0.1

Research in Motion

2.1

Symbol Technologies

1.8

Based on
Handsprings market capitalization as of June 2, 2003 of $191 million, Palm managements view of Handsprings estimated calendar year 2004 revenues of $189 million and $53 million of cash and cash equivalents (as of March 31, 2003),
Morgan Stanley noted that Handspring common stock was trading at 0.7 times estimated calendar year 2004 revenues. Based upon this analysis and estimated calendar year 2004 revenues noted above, and a reference range of aggregate value to estimated
2004 revenue of 0.2x to 1.0x, the 



implied per share value of Handspring common stock ranged from $0.59 to $1.50. Based on Palms market capitalization as of June 2, 2003 of $349 million,
illustrative values of PalmSource ranging from $50 million to $100 million, and the exchange ratio of 0.09 pursuant to the merger agreement, Morgan Stanley noted that the per share values of Handspring common stock implied by the Handspring merger
ranged from $0.77 to $0.93. 

No company utilized in the
comparable company analysis is identical to Handspring. In evaluating the comparable companies, Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other
matters, many of which are beyond the control of Handspring. Mathematical analysis, such as determining the average or median, is not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable company data. 

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
    Morgan Stanley
calculated a range of equity values per share for Handspring based on a discounted cash flow analysis. Morgan Stanley relied on projections provided by Palm management for fiscal years 2004 through 2006 and extrapolations of those projections for
fiscal years 2007 and 2008 reviewed by Palm management. In arriving at the estimated equity values per share of Handspring common stock, Morgan Stanley calculated a terminal value as of May 31, 2008 by applying a range of perpetual growth rates
ranging from 4% to 6%. The unlevered free cash flows from fiscal year 2004 through 2008 and the terminal value were then discounted to present values using a range of discount rates of 12% to 18%. Using this methodology, including estimated net cash
as of September 30, 2003, the estimated equity value and equity value per share of Handspring common stock ranged from $95 million to $283 million or $0.62 to $1.74 per share. Based on Palms market capitalization as of June 2, 2003 of $349
million, illustrative values of PalmSource ranging from $50 million to $100 million, and the exchange ratio of 0.09 pursuant to the merger agreement, Morgan Stanley noted that the per share values of Handspring common stock implied by the Handspring
merger ranged from $0.77 to $0.93. 

Relative Valuation
Analysis 

Historical Relative Trading
Analysis.
    Morgan Stanley reviewed the ratios of the closing prices of Handspring common stock divided by the corresponding closing prices of Palm common shares over various periods ending June 2, 2003, which are referred
to as the average exchange ratios. For purposes of this analysis, the closing prices of Palm common stock were adjusted by subtracting illustrative values of PalmSource ranging from $50 million to $100 million. 

Morgan Stanley examined the premiums/discounts represented by the exchange
ratio of 0.09 pursuant to the merger agreement over the averages of these period average exchange ratios, and found them to be as follows: 

Period (ending June 2, 2003)

Average Exchange
Ratio

Merger Agreement
Exchange Ratio (0.09)
Premium/(Discount) to
Average Exchange Ratio

Current

Excluding PalmSource ($50 million illustrative value)

0.118

(24)

%

Excluding PalmSource ($100 million illustrative value)

0.142

(37)

%

Last 30 days

Excluding PalmSource ($50 million illustrative value)

0.089

%

Excluding PalmSource ($100 million illustrative value)

0.110

(18)

%

Last 60 days

Excluding PalmSource ($50 million illustrative value)

0.086

%

Excluding PalmSource ($100 million illustrative value)

0.108

(17)

%

Last 90 days

Excluding PalmSource ($50 million illustrative value)

0.080

%

Excluding PalmSource ($100 million illustrative value)

0.098

(8)

%

Last Twelve Months

Excluding PalmSource ($50 million illustrative value)

0.074

%

Excluding PalmSource ($100 million illustrative value)

0.086

%



Relative Contribution Analysis
.    Morgan Stanley compared Palm (excluding
PalmSource) and Handspring stockholders respective percentage ownership of the combined company to Palms and Handsprings respective percentage contribution (and the implied ownership based on such contribution) to the combined
company using revenues, gross profit and net cash, based on estimates provided by Palm management for both Palm and Handspring. This analysis showed the following: 

Implied Pro Forma Ownership of the
Combined Company by

Palm

Handspring

Revenue

Fiscal Year 2002 Estimated

%

%

Fiscal Year 2003 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2004 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2005 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2006 Estimated

Gross Profit

Fiscal Year 2002 Estimated

%

%

Fiscal Year 2003 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2004 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2005 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2006 Estimated

Net Cash

As of 3/31/03

%

%

Morgan Stanley noted that the implied
pro forma ownership of the combined company by Handspring stockholders was approximately 32.2% based on the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement of 0.09. 

Morgan Stanley also compared Palm on a stand-alone basis (excluding PalmSource) to the incremental contribution, including
synergies, that were projected to accrue to the combined company as a result of the Handspring merger. This analysis attributed to Handspring stockholders implied ownership based on the incremental contribution, including synergies, to the combined
company based upon revenues, gross profit and operating profit. This analysis used estimates for fiscal years 2004 through 2006 provided by Palm management and extrapolations of those estimates for fiscal years 2007 and 2008 reviewed by Palm
management for Palm, Handspring and the combined company, including anticipated synergies expected to result from the Handspring merger. This analysis showed the following: 

Implied Pro Forma Ownership of the
Combined Company by

Palm

Handspring

Revenue

Fiscal Year 2004 Estimated

%

%

Fiscal Year 2005 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2006 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2007 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2008 Estimated

Gross Profit

Fiscal Year 2004 Estimated

%

%

Fiscal Year 2005 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2006 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2007 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2008 Estimated



Implied Pro Forma Ownership of the
Combined Company by

Palm

Handspring

Operating Income

Fiscal Year 2005 Estimated

NM

NM

Fiscal Year 2006 Estimated

%

%

Fiscal Year 2007 Estimated

Fiscal Year 2008 Estimated

Morgan Stanley noted that the implied
pro forma ownership of the combined company by Handspring stockholders was approximately 32.2% based on the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement of 0.09. 

Analysis of Stock Price Premiums Paid
.    Morgan Stanley compared publicly available statistics
for 52 selected transactions announced between January 1, 2002 and June 2, 2003 involving public companies in the technology industry where the acquiror and/or target was domiciled in the United States and in which transaction values were greater
than or equal to $100 million. Of these transactions, there were 27 in which the consideration paid consisted solely of stock. 

For each of these stock transactions, Morgan Stanley analyzed the premiums to the one-day historical exchange ratio and the 30-day average historical
exchange ratio prior to the announcement of each of the transactions. Morgan Stanley then applied the results from this analysis to the relevant financial statistic for Handspring. For purposes of this analysis, the closing prices of Palm common
stock were adjusted by subtracting illustrative values of PalmSource ranging from $50 million to $100 million. 

Financial Statistic

Precedent Transaction
Statistic Range

Implied Exchange Ratio Based on
Precedent Statistics

Current implied exchange ratio

%40%

0.1420.199

(0.1180.142)

30 Day implied exchange ratio

%40%

0.1070.154

(0.0890.110)

No company or
transaction utilized in the analysis of stock price premiums paid is identical to Palm or Handspring or the Handspring merger. In evaluating the precedent acquisition transactions, Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to general
business, market and financial conditions and other matters, which are beyond the control of Palm and Handspring which could affect the public trading value of the companies and the aggregate value of the transactions to which they are being
compared. 

Relative Discounted Cash Flow
Analysis.
    Morgan Stanley calculated a range of equity values per share for Palm (excluding PalmSource) based on a discounted cash flow, or DCF, analysis. Morgan Stanley relied on projections provided by Palm management for
fiscal years 2004 through 2006 and extrapolations of those projections for fiscal years 2007 and 2008 reviewed by Palm management. In arriving at the estimated values per share of Palm common stock, Morgan Stanley calculated a terminal value as of
May 31, 2008 by applying a range of perpetual growth rates ranging from 2% to 4%. The unlevered free cash flows from fiscal year 2004 through 2008 and the terminal value were then discounted to present values using a range of discount rates of 11%
to 15%. Using this methodology, and including estimated net cash as of September 30, 2003, the estimated equity value of Palm common stock ranged from $338 million to $517 million. 

Morgan Stanley then calculated a range of relative DCF exchange ratios by dividing the range of Handspring equity values by
the Palm equity values (excluding PalmSource), in each case as summarized above. This analysis implied a range of exchange ratios of 0.034 to 0.155, compared to the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement of 0.09. 

Morgan Stanley also calculated a range of equity values for the combined
company based on a DCF analysis taking into account assumptions for the combined company made by Palm management as noted above. Morgan 



Stanley then compared these equity values for the combined company to the Palm equity values summarized above to calculate the incremental equity value
resulting from the Handspring merger. 

Morgan Stanley then
calculated a range of relative DCF exchange ratios by dividing these incremental equity values, by the Palm equity values (excluding PalmSource) plus the incremental equity values, estimated in each case as described above. This analysis resulted in
a range of exchange ratios of 0.079 to 0.243, compared to the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement of 0.09. 

In connection with the review of the Handspring merger by Palms board of directors, Morgan Stanley performed a variety of financial and comparative
analyses for purposes of rendering its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the
results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor it considered. Morgan Stanley believes that selecting any portion of its analyses, without considering all analyses as a whole, would
create an incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and opinion. In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors, and may have deemed various assumptions more
or less probable than other assumptions. As a result, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described above should not be taken to be Morgan Stanleys view of the actual value of Palm or Handspring. In performing its
analyses, Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters. Many of these assumptions are beyond the control of Palm or Handspring. Any estimates contained in
Morgan Stanleys analyses are not necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by such estimates. 

Morgan Stanley conducted the analyses described above solely as part of its analysis of the fairness of the exchange ratio
pursuant to the merger agreement from a financial point of view to Palm and in connection with the delivery of its opinion to Palms board of directors. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which shares of
common stock of Palm or Handspring might actually trade. 

The
exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was determined through arms-length negotiations between Palm and Handspring and was approved by Palms board of directors. Morgan Stanley provided advice to Palm during these negotiations.
Morgan Stanley did not however, recommend any specific exchange ratio to Palm or that any specific exchange ratio constituted the only appropriate exchange ratio for the Handspring merger. 

In addition, as described elsewhere in this document, Morgan Stanleys
opinion and its presentation to Palms board of directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by Palms board of directors in deciding to approve the Handspring merger. Consequently, the analyses as described above should not
be viewed as determinative of the opinion of Palms board of directors. 

Palms board of directors retained Morgan Stanley based upon Morgan Stanleys qualifications, experience and expertise. Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment banking and advisory firm.
Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial advisory business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate, estate and other purposes. In the ordinary course of Morgan Stanleys trading and brokerage activities, Morgan Stanley or its affiliates
may at any time hold long or short positions, may trade or otherwise effect transactions, for its own account or for the account of customers in the equity and other securities of Palm and Handspring. In addition, in the past Morgan Stanley has
provided financial advice and financing services to Palm and has received fees in connection with such services, including financial advisory services in connection with Palms separation of PalmSource for which Palm agreed to pay Morgan
Stanley a customary fee for its services. 



Under the engagement letter, Morgan Stanley provided financial advisory services in connection with the
Handspring merger, and Palm agreed to pay Morgan Stanley a customary fee for its services, a substantial portion of which is contingent upon consummation of the Handspring merger. 
Palm has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley for its
expenses incurred in performing its services. In addition, Palm has agreed to indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective directors, officers, agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling Morgan Stanley or any of its
affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws, related to or arising out of Morgan Stanleys engagement. 

Consideration of the Handspring Merger by, and Recommendation of, the Handspring Board of Directors 

The Handspring board of directors has determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the Handspring merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best
interests of, Handspring and its stockholders. In reaching its unanimous decision to approve the merger agreement and the Handspring merger, the Handspring board of directors consulted Handsprings management, financial advisors and legal
counsel, and identified and considered many factors which, when taken as a whole, supported its decision. The Handspring board of directors considered the following material information and factors in reaching its determination to approve the merger
agreement and the Handspring merger: 



the strategic reasons for the transaction described in Reasons for the Transaction beginning on page 64 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus;



the acquisition by Palm presented a superior alternative to the potential financing and other strategic options available to Handspring; 



the analyses and presentations of Credit Suisse First Boston on the financial aspects of the Handspring merger, including its oral opinion to the Handspring board of directors on
June 3, 2003, subsequently confirmed in writing as of June 4, 2003, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio in the Handspring merger to the holders of Handspring common stock, other than such stockholders who were
both directors and officers of Handspring or affiliates of such stockholders; 



the larger market capitalization of Palm compared to that of Handspring and the corresponding increase in trading liquidity for Handspring stockholders as a result of the Handspring
merger; 



the complementary nature of Palms and Handsprings product portfolios, Palms and Handsprings shared vision of providing innovative handheld devices and the
potential for the combined company to become a larger and more strategic supplier of handheld devices; 



the opportunity to take advantage of Palms established relationships with manufacturers, suppliers and retail distributors; 



the stronger cash position and more diversified product offerings of Palm, which could allow the development and introduction of new products such that Handsprings business
would not be overly dependent on a sole next generation product; 



the opportunity for existing Handspring stockholders to participate in the future growth of Palm, whose resources combined with those of Handspring may enhance the combined
companys ability to respond more quickly and effectively to increased competition and demands in targeted markets; 



the terms of the merger agreement, including the limited conditions to closing the Handspring merger, Palms limited rights to terminate the merger agreement, and
Handsprings rights under the merger agreement to consider superior acquisition proposals and to otherwise alter its recommendation to approve the Handspring merger should it determine that its fiduciary duties to Handspring stockholders so
require; 



the availability of interim financing of up to $20 million to be provided by Palm; 



the likelihood that Palm and Handspring would be able to complete the Handspring merger, including their ability to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals;





the expected tax treatment of the Handspring merger for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including that the Handspring merger was intended to qualify as a
reorganization under the Code, and even if it were not to so qualify, Handspring stockholders would receive registered shares of a highly liquid security in the Handspring merger; 



the opportunities and risks of continuing to operate Handspring as an independent company and the difficulties of competing in the highly competitive smartphone market against other
phone and mobile access companies, many of whom have significantly larger product lines, sales and marketing capabilities and financial resources than Handspring, and the Handspring boards conclusion that a combination with Palm is a superior
alternative; and 



historical information concerning Palms and Handsprings respective businesses, financial performances and financial conditions, operations, prospects, technology,
managements, competitive positions and stock performances. 

In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and the Handspring merger and to recommend approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the Handspring merger to Handsprings
stockholders, Handsprings board of directors also considered a number of potentially negative factors concerning the Handspring merger. These factors included the following: 



the volatility of the trading prices of Palm common stock, including (A) the fact that the exchange ratio for the share consideration to be received by Handspring stockholders is
fixed and will not increase in the event of a decline in the trading price of Palm common stock or an increase in the trading price of Handspring common stock and (B) the fact that the effect of the PalmSource distribution on the trading price of
Palm common stock will not be known until after the Handspring merger; 



certain risks and liabilities related to Palm, including contingent liabilities such as litigations involving Palm; 



the risks of diverting managements focus and resources from other strategic opportunities and from operational matters while working to implement the Handspring merger;



the challenges of combining the businesses, assets and workforces of Handspring and Palm and the risks of not achieving anticipated business, technological and financial synergies
of the combination, as well as other matters that might adversely affect the trading price of the Palm common stock received in the Handspring merger; 



the possible effects of the public announcement of the Handspring merger on Handsprings sales and its relationships with its suppliers, customers and employees as a result of
the Handspring merger; 



the risk to Handsprings business, sales, operations and financial results in the event that the Handspring merger is not consummated; and 



the number of Handspring shares covered by the voting agreement with Palm as well as the termination fee payable to Palm in certain events involving another transaction, and the
potential effect of such factors in deterring other potential acquirors from proposing an alternative transaction that may be more advantageous to Handspring stockholders than the Handspring merger. 

In addition, Handsprings board of directors considered the interests
that its officers and directors may have with respect to the Handspring merger in addition to their interests as Handspring stockholders. See Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger on page 87 for a more complete discussion of
these interests. 

After due consideration, the Handspring board
of directors concluded that the potential benefits of the proposed Handspring merger outweighed the risks associated with the Handspring merger. 



The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by Handsprings board of
directors are not intended to be exhaustive but are believed to include all of the material factors considered by Handsprings board. In view of the variety of factors and the amount of information considered, Handsprings board of
directors did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors it considered in approving the merger agreement and the Handspring merger. In addition, individual members of
Handsprings board of directors may have given different weights to different factors. The Handspring board considered all of these factors as a whole, and overall considered them to be favorable to and to support its determination. 

Opinion of Handsprings Financial Advisor 

Handspring retained Credit Suisse First Boston to act as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with the Handspring merger. In connection with Credit Suisse First Bostons engagement, Handspring requested
that Credit Suisse First Boston evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to holders of Handspring common stock, other than such holders who are both directors and officers of Handspring or affiliates of such
holders. On June 3, 2003, the Handspring board of directors met to review the proposed Handspring merger and the terms of the merger agreement. During this meeting, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed with the Handspring board of directors certain
financial analyses, as described below, and rendered its oral opinion to the Handspring board of directors, subsequently confirmed in writing as of June 4, 2003, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the various considerations set
forth in the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of Handspring common stock, other than such holders who are both directors and officers of Handspring or affiliates of such
holders. 

The full text of the Credit Suisse First Boston
opinion, which sets forth, among other things, assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Credit Suisse First Boston in rendering its opinion, is attached as Annex D to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference in its entirety. Handspring stockholders are urged to, and should, read the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion carefully and in its entirety. The Credit Suisse First Boston opinion
addresses only the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to holders of Handspring common stock, other than such holders who are both directors and officers of Handspring or affiliates of such holders, as of the date of the
Credit Suisse First Boston opinion, and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote or act on any matter relating to the Handspring merger. The summary of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion. 

In connection with its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston, among other things, 



reviewed the merger agreement and certain other related agreements; 



reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information relating to Handspring and Palm; 



reviewed certain other information relating to (i) Handspring and (ii) Palm and PalmSource, including financial forecasts, provided to Credit Suisse First Boston by Handspring and
Palm, respectively, and met with the managements of Handspring and Palm to discuss the businesses and prospects of (i) Handspring and (ii) Palm and PalmSource (after taking into account the PalmSource distribution), respectively;



considered certain financial and stock market data of Handspring and Palm and compared that data with similar data for other publicly held companies in businesses which Credit
Suisse First Boston deemed similar to those of Handspring and Palm; 



considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of certain other business combinations and other transactions that have been recently effected or announced; and





considered such other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market criteria which Credit Suisse First Boston deemed relevant.

In connection with its review, Credit Suisse
First Boston did not assume any responsibility for independent verification of any of the foregoing information and relied on such information being complete and accurate in all material respects. With respect to the financial forecasts for
Handspring that Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed, Credit Suisse First Boston was advised, and it assumed, that such forecasts were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of
Handspring as to the future financial performance of Handspring. With respect to the financial forecasts for Palm and PalmSource (each after taking into account the PalmSource distribution) that Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed, Credit Suisse
First Boston was advised, and it assumed, that such forecasts were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of Palm as to the future financial performance of Palm and PalmSource,
respectively. In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston relied upon, without independent verification, the assessment of the managements of Handspring and Palm as to: 



the ability of Handspring and Palm to retain key employees; 



the strategic benefits and potential cost savings and other synergies (including the amount, timing and achievability of such benefits, savings and other synergies) anticipated to
result from the Handspring merger and the PalmSource distribution; 



the existing technology, products and services of Handspring and Palm and the validity of, and risks associated with, the future technology, products and services of Handspring and
Palm; and 



their ability to integrate the businesses of Handspring and Palm. 

Handspring also informed Credit Suisse First Boston, and Credit Suisse First Boston assumed, that the Handspring merger and the PalmSource distribution
will be treated as a tax-free reorganization and tax-free spin-off, respectively, for federal income tax purposes. Credit Suisse First Boston also assumed, with Handsprings consent, that in the course of obtaining necessary regulatory and
third party approvals and consents for the Handspring merger and the PalmSource distribution, no modification, delay, limitation, restriction or condition will be imposed that will have a material adverse effect on Handspring or Palm or the
contemplated benefits of the Handspring merger and the PalmSource distribution, that the Handspring merger and the PalmSource distribution will be consummated in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement without waiver, modification or
amendment of any material terms, conditions or agreements contained in the merger agreement and that the PalmSource distribution and the separation of Palm and PalmSource will occur in the manner described to Credit Suisse First Boston by the
management of Palm. Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to make, and did not make, an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Handspring, Palm or PalmSource, nor was Credit Suisse First
Boston furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals. The Credit Suisse First Boston opinion is necessarily based upon information available to it as of the date of its opinion, and upon financial, economic, market and other conditions as they
existed and could be evaluated on the date of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion. Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion as to what the value of Palm common stock actually will be when issued to holders of Handspring common stock
pursuant to the Handspring merger or the prices at which shares of Palm common stock will trade at any time. The Credit Suisse First Boston opinion does not address the relative merits of the Handspring merger as compared to other business
strategies that might be available to Handspring, nor does it address the underlying business decision of Handspring to proceed with the Handspring merger. Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to, and did not, solicit third party indications
of interest in acquiring all or any part of Handspring. 

Credit
Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion as to any legal matters involving Palm, as to which Credit Suisse First Boston understands that Handspring conducted such investigations, and obtained such advice from qualified professionals, as
Handspring deemed necessary. With respect to outstanding litigation involving Palm in which significant damages are alleged, the board of directors of Handspring, after consultation with 



management of Handspring and its outside counsel, instructed Credit Suisse First Boston to assume, and Credit Suisse First Boston did assume, without
independent verification and based solely upon the assessment and judgment of management of Handspring after taking into account the advice of Handsprings outside counsel, (i) that the aggregate amount of damages, if any, that could be
assessed against or agreed to by Palm in any pending litigation will not exceed the amount estimated by management of Handspring, and (ii) that no such pending litigation involving Palm will otherwise have an adverse impact on the current or future
results of operations of Palm. 

In preparing its opinion,
Credit Suisse First Boston performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Credit Suisse First
Boston believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it, without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading view of the processes underlying
the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion. No company or transaction used in the analysis performed by Credit Suisse First Boston as a comparison is identical to Handspring, Palm or the contemplated Handspring merger. In addition, Credit Suisse First
Boston may have given various analyses more or less weight than other analyses, and may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions, so that the range of valuation resulting from any particular analysis described
below should not be taken to be Credit Suisse First Bostons view of the actual value of Handspring or Palm. The analyses performed by Credit Suisse First Boston are not necessarily indicative of actual values or actual future results, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or assets do not purport to be appraisals or to necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or assets may
actually be sold. The analyses performed were prepared solely as part of Credit Suisse First Bostons analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to holders of Handspring common stock, other than such holders
who are both directors and officers of Handspring or affiliates of such holders, and were provided to the board of directors of Handspring in connection with the delivery of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion. 

The following is a summary of material financial analyses performed by Credit
Suisse First Boston in connection with the preparation of its opinion, and reviewed with the Handspring board of directors at a meeting of the Handspring board of directors held on June 3, 2003. Certain of the following summaries of financial
analyses that were performed by Credit Suisse First Boston include information presented in tabular format. In order to understand fully the material financial analyses that were performed by Credit Suisse First Boston, the tables should be read
together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the material financial analyses. 

Where relevant, the analyses performed by Credit Suisse First Boston assumed that the aggregate amount of damages that would be assessed against or agreed
to by Palm in any pending litigation involving Palm would be $60 million. The Handspring board instructed Credit Suisse First Boston to assume, for purposes of its analyses, that the potential damages that could be assessed against or agreed to by
Palm in any pending litigation involving Palm could range from $0 to $60 million and Credit Suisse First Boston, without expressing any view on the litigation, assumed $60 million as the most conservative case within this range. The analyses also
assumed that no such pending litigation involving Palm would otherwise have an adverse impact on the current or future results of operations of Palm. In addition, where relevant, the analyses performed by Credit Suisse First Boston assumed (i) that
the value of land held by Palm is $60 million and (ii) except where otherwise indicated, that the hypothetical value of Palm after the PalmSource distribution would be $50 million lower than prior to the PalmSource distribution. 

Illustrative Transaction Economics
.    Based on
assumptions that the hypothetical value of Palm after the PalmSource distribution would be lower than prior to the PalmSource distribution by $25 million, $50 million and $75 million, Credit Suisse First Boston calculated several values implied by
the merger exchange ratio, including the premium/(discount) of the merger exchange ratio to several historical average exchange ratios for periods prior to June 2, 2003, the implied price per Handspring share, the implied Handspring fully-diluted



equity value and aggregate value, the implied ratios of the Handspring aggregate value to estimated Handspring revenues for calendar years 2003 and 2004
(based on Handspring management estimates and publicly available estimates of securities research analysts), and the implied pro forma fully-diluted ownership of Handspring stockholders in Palm. The following table summarizes the results of this
analysis: 

Proposed transaction assuming hypothetical
value loss due to PalmSource distribution of

$25 million

$50 million

$75 million

Implied current exchange ratio based on prices as of June 2, 2003

0.109

x

0.118

x

0.129

x

Transaction exchange ratio

0.090

x

0.090

x

0.090

x

Premium/(discount) to June 2 exchange ratio

(17.7

)%

(24.0

)%

(30.3

)%

Premium/(discount) to 5-day average exchange ratio

0.6

%

(7.2

)%

(15.0

)%

Premium/(discount) to 10-day average exchange ratio

6.8

%

(1.6

)%

(10.0

)%

Premium/(discount) to 30-day average exchange ratio

10.5

%

0.9

%

(8.7

)%

Premium/(discount) to 60-day average exchange ratio

14.4

%

4.1

%

(6.3

)%

Implied price per Handspring share

$

1.00

$

0.93

$

0.85

Implied fully-diluted Handspring equity value (millions)

$

$

$

Implied fully-diluted Handspring aggregate value (millions)

$

$

$

Implied CY2003E revenue multipleStreet

1.00

x

0.88

x

0.77

x

Implied CY2003E revenue multipleManagement

0.95

0.84

0.73

Implied CY2004E revenue multipleManagement

0.50

0.44

0.38

Implied Handspring fully-diluted % ownership in Palm

32.3

%

32.2

%

32.2

%

Valuation
AnalysesPalm and Palm after giving effect to the PalmSource Distribution 

Palm Historical Stock Trading Performance
.    Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the prices at which Palm common stock traded from June 3, 2002 through June 2, 2003. Credit Suisse First
Boston noted that the high closing price of Palm common stock during this period was $35.20 on June 28, 2002, and that the low closing price of Palm common stock was $9.08 on April 11, 2003. Credit Suisse First Boston also noted the average closing
price of Palm common stock over various periods ended June 2, 2003, as summarized below: 

Period Ended June 2, 2003

Average Palm Closing Price

June 2, 2003

$

12.01

Last 5 trading days

$

11.89

Last 10 trading days

$

11.73

Last 30 trading days

$

10.77

Last 60 trading days

$

10.37

Last 90 trading days

$

11.51

Comparable Company
Analysis
.    Credit Suisse First Boston compared selected financial and trading data of Palm with similar data for selected publicly traded companies engaged in businesses that Credit Suisse First Boston judged to be
reasonably comparable to those of Palm. These companies were: 



Dell Computer Corporation 



SAMSUNG Electronics Co. Ltd. 



Sony Corporation 



Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd. 



Apple Computer, Inc. 



Legend Group Limited 





Casio Computer Co., Ltd. 



Gateway, Inc. 



High Tech Computer Corp. 



Audiovox Corporation 

Credit Suisse First Boston compared the fully-diluted aggregate value of Palm as a multiple of estimated revenues of Palm for calendar years 2003 and
2004, and the multiple of the Palm equity price per share to estimated earnings per share for Palm for calendar years 2003 and 2004 (in each case based on Palm management estimates and publicly available estimates of securities research analysts),
to similar values for the comparable companies, using publicly available estimates of securities research analysts for the comparable companies. These comparisons were based on closing share prices on June 2, 2003. The following table summarizes the
results of this analysis: 

Fully-Diluted
Aggregate Value/Revenues

Price/Earnings

CY 2003E

CY 2004E

CY 2003E

CY 2004E

Palm

Publicly available estimates

0.19

x

NA

NM

NA

Palm management estimates

0.17

x

NA

NA

NA

Median multiple of comparable companies

0.52

x

0.58

x

21.2

x

21.5

x

Mean multiple of comparable companies

0.62

x

0.60

x

31.5

x

23.7

x

Credit Suisse First
Boston also calculated the Palm equity value and the price per Palm share (in each case after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution) implied by applying a range of revenue multiples derived from the comparable companies to the estimated
revenues of Palm (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution) for calendar years 2003 and 2004 (based on Palm management estimates). The following table summarizes the results of this analysis: 

Calendar Year 2003 Estimated Revenue Multiples

Multiple range

0.17x0.92x

Implied Palm equity value (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution) (millions)

$333$1,003

Implied price per Palm share (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution)

$

11.39$32.61

Calendar Year 2004 Estimated Revenue Multiples

Multiple range

0.15x0.74x

Implied Palm equity value (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution) (millions)

$322$871

Implied price per Palm share (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution)

$11.02$28.45

No company used in
this analysis is identical to Palm. In evaluating companies identified by Credit Suisse First Boston as comparable companies to Palm, Credit Suisse First Boston made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters. A complete analysis involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors that could
affect the public trading values of such comparable companies; mathematical analysis, such as determining the mean or the median, is not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable market trading data. 

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis
.    Using a
discounted cash flow analysis, Credit Suisse First Boston calculated certain implied equity values for Palm on a stand-alone basis and the price per Palm share implied by 



such equity values (in each case after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution). The discounted cash flow analysis was based on estimates for the future
performance of Palm (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution) provided by Palm management. Credit Suisse First Bostons analysis used discount rates ranging from 15% to 20% and forward exit price/earnings multiples ranging from 12.5x
to 17.5x. The following table summarizes the results of this analysis: 

Implied Palm equity value (millions) (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution)

$485$690

Implied price per Palm share (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution)

$16.23$22.71

Valuation
AnalysesHandspring 

Handspring Historical Stock
Trading Performance
.    Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the prices at which Handspring common stock traded from June 3, 2002 through June 2, 2003. Credit Suisse First Boston noted that the high closing price of Handspring
common stock during this period was $2.14 on July 1, 2002, and that the low closing price of Handspring common stock was $0.58 on October 22, 2002. Credit Suisse First Boston also noted the average closing price of Handspring common stock over
various periods ended June 2, 2003, as summarized below: 

Period Ended June 2, 2003

Average Handspring Closing Price

June 2, 2003

$

1.22

Last 5 trading days

$

0.99

Last 10 trading days

$

0.92

Last 30 trading days

$

0.81

Last 60 trading days

$

0.75

Last 90 trading days

$

0.76

Comparable Company
Analysis
.    Credit Suisse First Boston compared selected financial and trading data of Handspring with similar data for selected publicly traded companies engaged in businesses that Credit Suisse First Boston judged to be
reasonably comparable to those of Handspring. These companies were: 

Consumer electronics/hardware companies 



Dell Computer Corporation 



SAMSUNG Electronics Co. Ltd. 



Sony Corporation 



Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd. 



Apple Computer, Inc. 



Legend Group Limited 



Casio Computer Co., Ltd. 



Gateway, Inc. 



High Tech Computer Corp. 



Audiovox Corporation 

Wireless device companies 



Research In Motion Limited 



Psion PLC 



Wavecom SA 

Wireless handset companies 



Nokia Corporation 



Motorola, Inc. 



LM Ericsson Telephone Company 



Credit Suisse First Boston compared the fully-diluted aggregate value of Handspring as a multiple of
estimated revenues of Handspring for calendar years 2003 and 2004, and the multiple of the Handspring price per share to estimated earnings per share for Handspring for calendar years 2003 and 2004 (in each case based on Handspring management
estimates and publicly available estimates of securities research analysts), to similar values for the comparable companies, using publicly available estimates of securities research analysts for the comparable companies. These comparisons were
based on closing share prices on June 2, 2003. The following table summarizes the results of this analysis: 

Fully-Diluted
Aggregate Value/
Revenues

Price/Earnings

CY 2003E

CY 2004E

CY 2003E

CY 2004E

Handspring

Publicly available estimates

1.35

x

NA

NM

NA

Handspring management estimates

1.29

x

0.67

x

NM

NM

Consumer electronics/hardware companies

Median multiple of comparable companies

0.52

x

0.58

x

21.2

x

21.5

x

Mean multiple of comparable companies

0.62

x

0.60

x

31.5

x

23.7

x

Wireless device companies

Median multiple of comparable companies

2.06

x

1.99

x

NA

55.7

x

Mean multiple of comparable companies

1.59

x

1.46

x

NA

55.7

x

Wireless handset companies

Median multiple of comparable companies

1.16

x

1.12

x

24.7

x

18.5

x

Mean multiple of comparable companies

1.42

x

1.35

x

24.7

x

31.0

x

No company used in
this analysis is identical to Handspring. In evaluating companies identified by Credit Suisse First Boston as comparable companies to Handspring, Credit Suisse First Boston made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters. A complete analysis involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors
that could affect the public trading values of such comparable companies; mathematical analysis, such as determining the mean or the median, is not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable market trading data. 

Discounted Cash Flow Analyses
.    Using a
discounted cash flow analysis, Credit Suisse First Boston calculated certain implied equity values for Handspring on a stand-alone basis, the price per Handspring share implied by such equity values and the premium/(discount) of such implied prices
per Handspring share to the market price per Handspring share on June 2, 2003 and the 10-day and 30-day average prices per Handspring share prior to June 2, 2003. The discounted cash flow analysis was based on estimates for the future performance of
Handspring provided by Handspring management. Credit Suisse First Bostons analysis used discount rates ranging from 17.5% to 22.5% and forward exit price/earnings multiples ranging from 12.5x to 17.5x. The following table summarizes the
results of this analysis: 

Implied Handspring equity value (millions)

$183$281

Implied price per Handspring share

$0.88$1.31

Implied premium/(discount) to market price per Handspring share on June 2, 2003

(28)%8%

Implied premium/(discount) to 10-day average price per Handspring share prior to June 2, 2003

(4)%43%

Implied premium/(discount) to 30-day average price per Handspring share prior to June 2, 2003

8%62%



Combination Analyses

Historical Indexed Trading Performance
.    Credit
Suisse First Boston compared the recent price performance of Handspring common stock with the recent price performance of Palm common stock, a composite index of 16 comparable companies and the Nasdaq index over the period from June 3, 2002 through
June 2, 2003 and over the period from March 3, 2003 to June 2, 2003. The following table summarizes the results of this analysis: 

Change from
June 3, 2002

Change from
March 3, 2003

Handspring

(29

)%

%

Palm

(62

)%

%

Index of comparable companies

(12

)%

%

Nasdaq

%

%

Historical Exchange
Ratio Analysis
.    Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the average ratio of Handsprings closing share price to Palms hypothetical closing share price (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution and
assuming that the hypothetical value of Palm after the PalmSource distribution would be $50 million lower than prior to the PalmSource distribution) for each trading day for various periods ended June 2, 2003, and the premium/(discount) of the
merger exchange ratio to such average exchange ratios. The following table summarizes the results of this analysis: 

Period Ended June 2, 2003

Average Hypothetical
Exchange Ratio over Period

Premium/(Discount) of Merger Exchange Ratio to
Average Hypothetical Exchange Ratio over Period

Since March 3, 2003

0.086

x

4.2

%

Last 60 trading days

0.086

x

4.1

%

Last 45 trading days

0.088

x

2.4

%

Last 30 trading days

0.089

x

0.9

%

Last 20 trading days

0.094

x

(3.9

)%

Last 15 trading days

0.092

x

(2.6

)%

Last 10 trading days

0.091

x

(1.6

)%

Last 5 trading days

0.097

x

(7.2

)%

June 2, 2003

0.118

x

(24.0

)%

Contribution
Analysis
.    Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the relative contributions of Handspring and Palm (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution) to the estimated pro forma total revenues and gross profit of the
combined company, based on estimates for calendar years 2003 and 2004, and fiscal years 2003, 2004 and 2005, prepared by the managements of Handspring and Palm, respectively. Credit Suisse First Boston calculated certain values implied by such
relative contributions, including the implied pro forma fully-diluted ownership of Handspring stockholders in Palm and the implied exchange ratio and the premium represented by the merger exchange ratio to the implied exchange ratio. The following
table summarizes the results of this analysis: 



Implied Pro Forma
Fully-Diluted
Handspring
Ownership in Palm

Implied
Exchange Ratio

Premium of
Merger Exchange
Ratio to Implied
Exchange Ratio

Revenue

Calendar Year 2002 actual

20.0

%

0.048

x

%

Calendar Year 2003 estimated

16.1

%

0.037

x

%

Calendar Year 2004 estimated

20.0

%

0.048

x

%

Fiscal Year 2003 estimated

18.1

%

0.042

x

%

Fiscal Year 2004 estimated

17.8

%

0.042

x

%

Fiscal Year 2005 estimated

21.9

%

0.054

x

%

Gross Profit

Calendar Year 2003 estimated

16.0

%

0.036

x

%

Calendar Year 2004 estimated

21.5

%

0.052

x

%

Fiscal Year 2003 estimated

17.5

%

0.041

x

%

Fiscal Year 2004 estimated

18.6

%

0.044

x

%

Fiscal Year 2005 estimated

24.1

%

0.060

x

%

Relative and Pro
Forma Combined DCF Analyses
.    Using the stand-alone discounted cash flow analyses summarized above for each of Palm (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution) and Handspring, Credit Suisse First Boston calculated
the exchange ratio implied by dividing the implied discounted cash flow equity value per share of Handspring common stock by the implied discounted cash flow equity value per share of Palm common stock (after giving effect to the PalmSource
distribution), and the premium of the merger exchange to such implied exchange ratio. The following table summarizes the results of this analysis: 

Implied exchange ratio

0.054x0.058x

Premium of merger exchange ratio

66%55%

Credit Suisse First
Boston also performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Palm (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution) on a pro forma combined basis after giving effect to the Handspring merger. Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the price per
Handspring share implied by such analysis, assuming synergies anticipated by the management of Handspring and Palm to result from the Handspring merger. Credit Suisse First Bostons analysis used discount rates ranging from 15% to 20% and
forward exit price/earnings multiples ranging from 12.5x to 17.5x. The following table summarizes the results of this analysis: 

Implied Palm equity value (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution and the Handspring merger)
(millions)

$663$976

Implied price per Palm share (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution and the Handspring merger)

$15.04$21.63

Implied price per Handspring share

$1.35$1.95

Implied premium to market price per Handspring share on June 2, 2003

11%60%

Implied premium to 10-day average price per Handspring share prior to June 2, 2003

48%112%

Implied premium to 30-day average price per Handspring share prior to June 2, 2003

67%140%

Precedent
Transactions Analysis
.    Using publicly available securities research analyst estimates and other information, Credit Suisse First Boston examined the following transactions that it deemed to be relevant to determine (i) the
multiple of the implied aggregate value of the target companies in such transactions at the time of announcement to the last twelve month revenues and estimates at the time of announcement of the next twelve month revenues for the target companies,
and (ii) the multiple of the implied price per share of the target companies in such transactions at the time of announcement to the last twelve month earnings per share and 



estimates at the time of announcement of the next twelve month earnings per share for the target companies. The precedent transactions that Credit Suisse
First Boston considered are: 



eMachines, Inc./EM Holdings, Inc. 



Diamond Multimedia Systems, Inc./S3 Incorporated 



Nomai SA/Iomega Corporation 



NetFRAME Systems, Inc./Micron Electronics, Inc. 



AST Research, Inc./Samsung Electronics Co. 



Megahertz Corporation/U.S. Robotics Corporation 



Zeos International Ltd./Micron Electronics, Inc. 

All calculations of multiples paid in the selected transactions were based on public information available at the time of public announcement. Credit
Suisse First Bostons analysis did not take into account different market and other conditions during the period in which the selected transactions occurred. The following table summarizes the results of this analysis: 

Aggregate Value/

Revenue

Price/Earnings

LTM 

NTM 

LTM

NTM

Mean multiple in precedent transactions

0.67

x

0.31

x

20.1

x

21.0

x

Implied price per Handspring share

$

1.10

$

0.57

NM

NM

Implied exchange ratio (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution)

0.107

x

0.055

x

NM

NM

% Premium/(discount) of merger exchange ratio

(16

)%

%

NA

NA

Median multiple in precedent transactions

0.33

x

0.31

x

20.1

x

26.9

x

Implied price per Handspring share

$

0.73

$

0.57

NM

NM

Implied exchange ratio (after giving effect to the PalmSource distribution)

0.070

x

0.055

x

NM

NM

% Premium of merger exchange ratio

%

%

NA

NA

No transaction
utilized as a comparison in the precedent transactions analysis is identical to the Handspring merger. Mathematical analysis, such as determining the average or the median, is not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable transaction data.

Pro Forma Impact
Analyses
.    Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed certain pro forma effects expected to result from the Handspring merger, including the expected effect of the Handspring merger on the estimated earnings per share for
Handspring for fiscal years 2004 through 2006, based on estimates prepared by the managements of Palm and Handspring. The following table summarizes the results of this analysis: 

Estimated Pro Forma Financial Performance

FY2004E

FY2005E

FY2006E

$ Accretion for Handspring earnings per share

$

0.08

$

0.01

$

0.01

% Accretion for Handspring earnings per share

NM

NM

12.7

%

The actual results
achieved by the combined company after the Handspring merger may vary from such estimated results and the variations may be material. 

Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion and presentation to the Handspring board of directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by the
Handspring board of directors in making its determination to engage in the Handspring merger. Consequently, the analyses described above should not be viewed as determinative of the 



opinion of the Handspring board of directors or the management of Handspring with respect to the value of Handspring or whether the Handspring board of
directors would have been willing to agree to a different exchange ratio. 

The Handspring board of directors retained Credit Suisse First Boston to act as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with the Handspring merger. Credit Suisse First Boston was selected by the Handspring board
of directors based on Credit Suisse First Bostons qualifications, expertise and reputation. Credit Suisse First Boston is an internationally recognized investment banking and advisory firm. Credit Suisse First Boston, as part of its investment
banking business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. In the past, Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates have provided financial and investment banking services to Handspring unrelated to the Handspring merger for
which it received compensation and it may in the future provide such services to Palm for which it would expect to receive compensation. In the ordinary course of its business, Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates may actively trade the
debt and equity securities of Handspring and Palm for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities. 

Pursuant to an engagement letter dated as of March 4, 2003, Handspring
engaged Credit Suisse First Boston to provide financial advisory services to the Handspring board of directors in connection with the Handspring merger, including, among other things, rendering its opinion. Pursuant to the terms of the engagement
letter, Handspring has agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston a customary fee in connection therewith, a significant portion of which is contingent upon the consummation of the Handspring merger. Credit Suisse First Boston will also receive a fee
for rendering its opinion. In addition, Handspring has agreed to reimburse Credit Suisse First Boston for its out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred in connection with its engagement and to indemnify Credit Suisse First
Boston and certain related persons against certain liabilities and expenses arising out of or in conjunction with its rendering of services under its engagement, including liabilities arising under the federal securities laws. 

Vote Required 

Palm
.    Approval of the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Palm common stock. Approval and adoption of
the merger agreement will also constitute approval of the PalmSource distribution by means of the merger of Peace Separation Corporation with and into Palm and the approval of the issuance of Palm common stock to Handspring stockholders in
connection with the Handspring merger. For a description of the treatment and  effect of abstentions and broker non-votes, see The Palm Annual Meeting of StockholdersAbstentions and Broker Non-Votes in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Handspring.
    Approval of the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Palm common stock. Approval and
adoption of the merger agreement will also constitute approval of the Handspring Merger. For a description of the treatment and effect of abstentions and broker non-votes, see The Handspring Special Meeting of StockholdersQuorum and Vote
Required and Voting of Proxies in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger 

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers of Palm in the Handspring merger

In considering the Palm board of directors recommendation that you, as a Palm stockholder, vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement, you
should be aware that some of Palms executive officers and 



directors have interests in the transaction that are different from, or in addition to, your interests as a Palm stockholder. These interests include, among
other things, the following: 



the exercise price and number of shares of Palm common stock issuable upon the exercise of Palm stock options held by executive officers and directors of Palm will be adjusted in
the same manner as other employee stock options upon the PalmSource distribution. As a result, the number of shares of Palm common stock issuable upon the exercise of Palm stock options held by executive officers and directors of Palm may increase
and the exercise price per share of Palm common stock issuable upon the exercise of Palm stock options held by executive officers and directors of Palm may decrease. See The Merger AgreementTreatment of Awards Outstanding Under Stock
Plans and Outstanding Warrants; 



all non-employee directors of PalmSource, including Mr. Benhamou, have been promised an option, within 30 days of the PalmSource distribution, to acquire up to 30,000 shares of
PalmSource common stock at an exercise price per share equal to the fair market value of PalmSource common stock on the date of grant; 



R. Todd Bradley will become the Chief Executive Officer of the combined company following the transaction; 



the vesting schedule of options to acquire 60,000 shares of Palm common stock held by Eric Benhamou, Palms Chief Executive Officer, will accelerate upon the PalmSource
distribution, after which, all 60,000 shares will become vested and immediately exercisable by Mr. Benhamou; and 



Mr. Benhamou has been promised an option to acquire 5,000 shares of Palm common stock with an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant upon completion of
the PalmSource distribution. 

As a result,
certain executive officers and directors of Palm may be more likely to vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement than Palms stockholders generally. 

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers of Handspring in the Handspring merger

In considering the recommendation of the Handspring board of directors
regarding the merger agreement and the Handspring merger, Handspring stockholders should be aware that some of Handsprings stockholders, directors and executive officers have interests in the Handspring merger that are different from, or in
addition to, their interests as Handspring stockholders. These interests may create potential conflicts of interest. The Handspring board of directors was aware of these interests and took these interests into account in approving the merger
agreement and the Handspring merger. 

Voting
Agreements.
    The following Handspring stockholders have entered into voting agreements and granted irrevocable proxies to Palm pursuant to which they have agreed to vote approximately 37.5% of the outstanding stock of
Handspring in favor of the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the Handspring merger: 



Edward T. Colligan, President and Chief Operating Officer of Handspring; 



Donna L. Dubinsky, a director and the Chief Executive Officer of Handspring; and 



Jeffrey C. Hawkins, Chairman of the Board and Chief Product Officer of Handspring. 

Acceleration of Handspring Stock Options Held by Handspring Directors
.    The Handspring stock
options held by each of Handsprings directors and executive officers will be assumed in the Handspring merger and become exercisable, in accordance with their terms, for shares of Palm common stock. Upon the Handspring merger, the vesting of
stock options held by L. John Doerr, Bruce W. Dunlevie, William Kennard and Mitchell Kertzman, all of whom are non-employee directors of Handspring, will accelerate and become fully vested. 



Acceleration of Handspring Stock Options Held by Handsprings Chief Financial
Officer
.    Pursuant to the terms of Handsprings offer letter to William R. Slakey, Handsprings Chief Financial Officer, upon the Handspring merger, his option to purchase 725,000 shares will accelerate as to 25%
of the unvested shares subject to such option. Mr. Slakey may receive further benefits, including additional option acceleration, pursuant to the Handspring Retention and Severance Plan as described on page     . 

Acceleration of Handspring Stock Options Held by Handspring Employees.

Options granted under Handsprings 2000 Equity Incentive Plan to any Handspring employees who do not become employees of Palm or who are terminated without cause within one year from the date of the Handspring merger will accelerate as to 25%
of the unvested shares subject to such options. Mses. Dubinsky and Tomlinson and Messrs. Pine Hartnett and Slakey may receive additional acceleration of options pursuant to the Handspring Retention and Severance Plan, as described on page
    . 

Employment Arrangements between
Palm and Specified Handspring Employees 

Certain executive
officers of Handspring have agreed to employment arrangements with Palm that will become effective upon the completion of the merger. In particular, Edward T. Colligan, Handsprings President and Chief Operating Officer, will become Palms
Senior Vice President, General Manager, Wireless Business Unit; Jeffrey C. Hawkins, Handsprings Chief Product Officer and Chairman of Handsprings board of directors, will become Palms Chief Technology Officer and will serve in this
capacity on a part-time basis as he did in his capacity as Chief Product Officer of Handspring; Celeste S. Baranski, Handsprings Vice President, Engineering, will become a Palm Vice President, Engineering; John Hartnett, Handsprings Vice
President, Customer Relations and Operations, will become a Palm Vice President, Global Operations; Joseph L. Sipher, Handsprings Vice President, Marketing, will become a Palm Vice President, Product Management; and Gregory S. Woock,
Handsprings Vice President, Worldwide Sales, will become Palms Vice President, Carrier Sales. Other executive officers may also be employed by Palm following the merger. 

The agreements that these Handspring employees have entered into with Palm are contingent upon and will take effect on the
day the merger is completed. Each offer letter sets forth the employees position, reporting structure and compensation, including annual salary and target bonus and incentive compensation opportunity, with Palm. The offer letters provide that
employment with Palm will be at will in nature, meaning that the employee or Palm may terminate the employment relationship with or without cause or notice, at any time. In addition, Ms. Baranski, Mr. Hartnett, Mr. Sipher and Mr. Woock
will be granted Palm options and Mr. Colligan will be granted restricted shares of Palm that will be governed by the applicable equity plan. 

Under the offer letters, each employee is required to sign, in addition to the offer letter, Palms Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Palm
U.S. Employee Handbook and the standard Palm Employee Agreement. Further, each of Messrs. Colligan and Hawkins have entered into a Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement with Palm, prohibiting him, for a period of two years after closing of
the merger, from competing with Palm, soliciting employees, clients, customers or licensees of Palm, or from consenting to the use of his name in connection with any business that competes with Palm. 

Each of Messrs. Colligan and Hawkins are entitled to receive a Management
Retention Agreement and a Severance Agreement with Palm, the terms of which are described under Palm Management Retention Agreements and Palm Severance Agreements below. 

Palm Management Retention Agreements.
    Under new employment arrangements, each of Messrs. Colligan and Hawkins will receive a management retention agreement with Palm pursuant to which he will receive payments
and benefits upon termination of employment occurring within twelve months following a change of control of Palm. In exchange for such payments and benefits, Mr. Colligan and Mr. Hawkins must agree for one year following his termination to not
directly or indirectly solicit any individuals to leave the employ of Palm or otherwise interfere with existing employment relations between Palm and its current and prospective employees. 



If the employment of Mr. Colligan or Mr. Hawkins is terminated other than for cause, death or disability
or if the employee voluntarily terminates employment for good reason (as defined) within twelve months following a change of control, each will be entitled to: 



lump sum cash payment equal to 100% of annual compensation (consisting of annual base salary (prorated, in the case of Mr. Hawkins, for his part-time employee status) and a target
bonus in effect as of the year of termination or year of change of control, whichever is greater); 



company paid health, dental, vision, long-term disability and life insurance for the employee and any covered dependents until the earlier of two years from the employees
termination date or such time as they are covered under another employers group plan; 



lump sum cash payment equal to the employees target bonus in effect as of the year of termination or the year in which the change of control occurs, whichever is greater,
prorated for the number of days prior to the employees termination date during the fiscal year of such termination; 



acceleration of vesting as to 100% of stock options, restricted stock and any other company equity awards; and 



280G gross-up payment equal to the amount of any excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any federal, state and local income and employment taxes arising from such
payment that may become payable by him in connection with any of the severance payments or other benefits obtained by him under the Management Retention Agreement being characterized as excess parachute payments. 

A change of control includes a change in beneficial ownership of
more than 50% of Palm, the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of Palms assets, a merger resulting in Palm shareholders owning less than 50% of the surviving entity, and certain changes in the composition of Palms board of
directors, but excluding the transaction between Handspring and Palm. Voluntary termination by the employee for good reason includes any of the following being effected without the employees consent: a material reduction in the
employees duties, title, authority or responsibilities, a material reduction in the facilities and perquisites made available to the employee, a reduction in the employees base salary, a material reduction in benefits provided to the
employee, certain relocations, failure of Palm to have the Management Retention Agreement assumed by any successor to Palm or any act or set of acts which would constitute a constructive termination under California case law. 

The spin-off of a subsidiary of Palm while the employee is employed by
such subsidiary will not entitle employee to the payments and benefits under the Management Retention Agreement. 

Palm Severance Agreements.
    Under new employment arrangements, each of Messrs. Colligan and Hawkins will receive a Severance
Agreement with Palm pursuant to which he will receive payments and benefits upon termination of his employment, provided he signs and delivers to Palm a release of claims. 

If the employment of Mr. Colligan or Mr. Hawkins is terminated other than for cause, death or disability or if the employee
voluntarily terminates employment for good reason (as defined), the employee will be entitled to: 



Lump sum cash payment equal to 100% of annual base salary (prorated, in the case of Mr. Hawkins, for his part-time employee status); 



Acceleration of the vesting and exercisability of stock options which would have vested during the one-year period following the employees termination date (unless the vesting
of such options is based solely on achievement of performance factors); 



Acceleration of the vesting as to 50% of restricted stock subject to Palms right of repurchase as of the employees termination date (unless the vesting of such options
is based solely on achievement of performance factors); and 



Payment of the costs associated with the continuation of health, dental and vision benefits for one year after the employees termination date, provided that continuation of
such coverage is elected under COBRA. 



Voluntary termination by the employee for good reason includes any of the following being
effected without the employees consent: employee being assigned duties inconsistent with his background, certain relocations of the employees principal place of work, reduction of the employees base salary and bonus or Palms
failure to provide substantially comparable benefits as are provided to other similarly situated employees, provided that changes to the employees duties, work location and other employment terms resulting from the transaction between Palm and
Handspring whereby the employee became an employee of Palm shall not constitute good reason. 

The spin-off of a subsidiary of Palm while the employee is employed by such subsidiary will not entitle employee to the payments and benefits under the Severance Agreement. 

If the employees termination would entitle Mr. Colligan or Mr. Hawkins
to payments and benefits under a Management Retention Agreement described above, such employee will not receive any payments or benefits under the Severance Agreement, but instead shall receive the payments and benefits due under the Management
Retention Agreement. 

Handspring Retention and Severance
Plan
.    Handspring has adopted a retention and severance plan to induce full-time employees of Handspring to remain employed by Handspring through the merger and, in some instances, for transition periods following the
merger. Under the retention and severance plan, participants who do not receive a written offer of employment with Palm as of the Effective Time of the merger will receive certain severance payments and benefits, the amount of which depends on the
designation of a participant as an Executive, a Director or Any Other Participant for purposes of the retention and severance plan and, if applicable, whether and to what extent such participant is requested to
and provides transitional services following the merger. For purposes of the severance and retention plan, Executives include Messrs. Slakey, Pine and Hartnett and Mses. Dubinsky and Tomlinson; Directors include those
employees with the title of director or higher who are not designated as Executives; and All Other Participants are participants not designated as Executives or Directors. In each case, to receive the severance payments and
benefits the participant must be a full time employee of Handspring providing services to Handspring as of June 4, 2003 and continuing through the Effective Time of the merger. 

Generally, a participant who does not receive an offer of employment (at least half-time at or above such participants
current base salary) by Palm or a Palm subsidiary and who is not requested to and/or does not provide transitional services following the merger will receive severance payments and benefits under the retention and severance plan as follows:
Executives will receive a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of base salary (such base salary, for purposes of the retention and severance plan, being equal to 111% of the Executives current base salary), 100% acceleration of vesting of all
outstanding unvested equity awards and payment of any costs incurred in connection with continuation of health coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA costs) for a 12 month period; Directors will receive
a lump sum payment equal to 6 months of base salary, acceleration of vesting of 25% of all then unvested equity awards (provided that such acceleration shall not increase any accelerated vesting otherwise provided under Handsprings 2000 Equity
Incentive Plan), and payment of any COBRA costs incurred for a 6 month period; and All Other Participants will receive a lump sum payment equal to 3 months of base salary, acceleration of vesting of 25% of all then unvested equity awards (provided
that such acceleration shall not increase any accelerated vesting otherwise provided under Handsprings 2000 Equity Incentive Plan), and payment of any COBRA costs incurred for a 3 month period. 

Participants who do not receive an offer of employment (at least half-time at
or above such participants current base salary) by Palm or a Palm subsidiary but who are requested to provide and do provide transitional services following the merger will receive the severance payments and benefits they would have received
had they not been requested to provide such transitional services (as described in the immediately preceding paragraph) and will receive the following additional payments: Executives will receive an amount equal to 4 weeks of base salary (such base
salary, for purposes of the retention and severance plan, being equal to 111% of 



the Executives current base salary (which represents 100% of the Executives base salary prior to a 10% reduction to management salaries), reduced
to reflect part-time employment with Palm or a Palm subsidiary) for each full month of full-time service provided to Palm (up to a maximum of 16 weeks); Directors will receive an amount equal to 3 weeks of base salary (reduced to reflect part-time
employment with Palm or a Palm subsidiary) for each full month of full-time service provided to Palm (up to a maximum of 12 weeks); and All Other Participants will receive an amount equal to 2 weeks of base salary (reduced to reflect part-time
employment with Palm or a Palm subsidiary) for each full month of full-time service provided to Palm (up to a maximum of 8 weeks). With respect to participants providing transitional services, these additional severance payments and benefits, as
well as the severance payments and benefits described in the immediately preceding paragraph, will be payable only if Handspring terminates the participant without cause or if the participants employment is terminated for any reason, including
a voluntary termination, more than four months after the Effective Time of the merger. Such amounts also will not be payable if the Participant terminates service voluntarily within four (4) months after the effective time of the merger. 

Payments and benefits made under the retention and severance plan are
conditioned upon the delivery by each participant of a signed release of claims and the acknowledgement of such participants continuing obligations under the confidentiality and/or proprietary rights agreement between the participant and
Handspring and, if applicable, between the participant and Palm. If any amounts payable to a participant under the retention and severance plan are characterized as excess parachute payments under Section 4999 of the Code and would be
subject to excise tax, the participant may in his or her sole discretion reduce the amounts payable to such participant under the retention and severance plan or have any portion of stock options or restricted stock held by such participant not
accelerate in vesting to avoid any excess parachute payment. The retention and severance plan is intended to be subject to, and shall be construed in accordance with, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
(ERISA) and, to the extent not preempted by ERISA, with the laws of the state of California. 

Palm Board Seats.
    Ms. Dubinsky, Handsprings Chief Executive Officer and a member of Handsprings board of
directors, and Messrs. Doerr and Dunlevie, both of whom are currently members of Handsprings board of directors, will become members of Palms board of directors upon the consummation of the Handspring merger. Ms. Dubinsky and Messrs.
Doerr and Dunlevie will receive the standard compensation received by Palms non-employee directors. 

Indemnification.
    The merger agreement provides that, from and after the consummation of the Handspring merger, Palm will
cause the surviving corporation to fulfill and honor the obligations of Handspring pursuant to any indemnification agreements between Handspring and its directors and officers in effect prior to the Handspring merger, subject to applicable law. Palm
will cause the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation to contain provisions with respect to exculpation and indemnification that are at least as favorable as those contained in the certificate of incorporation and
bylaws of Handspring in effect immediately prior to the Handspring merger. For at least six years following the Handspring merger, these provisions will not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified in any manner that would adversely affect the
rights of Handsprings directors or officers immediately prior to the Handspring merger, unless such modification is required by law. 

The merger agreement also provides that, for at least six years following the Handspring merger, Palm will maintain directors and officers
liability insurance comparable to Handsprings existing policy, provided that Palm will not be required to pay any premium in excess of 200% of the annual premium currently paid by Handspring. To the extent the annual premium would exceed 200%
of Handsprings current annual premium, Palm shall maintain the maximum amount of coverage, if any, as is available for 200% of such annual premium. Directors of Handspring who become directors of Palm will be provided with the same
directors and officers liability insurance given to any other Palm director and will enter into indemnification agreements on the same terms, if any, entered into with other directors of Palm generally. 



As a result of interests described above, these executive officers and directors could be more likely to
vote for, and to recommend the vote for, the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the Handspring merger, than if they did not hold these interests. 

Governmental and Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Transaction 

The Handspring merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, or the HSR Act, under which
a transaction cannot be completed until required information and materials are furnished to the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and the waiting period under the HSR Act expires or is terminated. Palm
and Handspring are required to make filings with the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission, and will not be permitted to complete the Handspring merger until the applicable waiting period has expired or has
been terminated. In addition, the Handspring merger may be subject to various foreign antitrust laws, some of which may require us to make filings with foreign authorities. 

The Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission may challenge the Handspring merger on
antitrust grounds either before or after expiration of the waiting period. Accordingly, at any time before or after the completion of the Handspring merger, either of these entities could take action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest. Other persons also could take action under the antitrust laws, including seeking to enjoin the Handspring merger. Additionally, at any time before or after the completion of the Handspring merger, whether or not the
applicable waiting period has expired or was terminated, any state could take action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the Handspring merger will not be
made or that, if a challenge is made, we will prevail. 

Accounting Treatment of the PalmSource distribution and Handspring merger 

As a result of the PalmSource distribution, the operations of PalmSource will be accounted for by Palm as a discontinued operation as defined under SFAS
No. 144. The Handspring merger will be accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. The purchase price will be allocated to the assets and liabilities of Handspring and those assets and liabilities will be recorded on Palms books at
their respective fair values upon completion of the Handspring merger. A portion of the purchase price may be identified as in-process research and development. This amount, if any, will be charged to Palms operations in the quarter the merger
is completed and the purchase accounting valuation amounts are finalized. Furthermore, a portion of the purchase price equal to the intrinsic value of the unvested options assumed in the merger will be allocated to deferred stock-based compensation,
which will be amortized over the remaining vesting period of those options. The remaining purchase price will be recorded as goodwill and other intangible assets and will be amortized over the useful lives of such assets. 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the PalmSource distribution and Handspring merger 

This section summarizes material U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to Palms distribution of PalmSource stock to Palm stockholders and
to the merger combination involving Palm and Handspring. This summary does not provide a complete analysis of all potential tax considerations, including tax considerations that may apply because of a stockholders particular circumstances,
including status as a non-United States person, or because a stockholder is subject to special rules. The information provided below is based on existing authorities. These authorities may change, or the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, might
interpret the existing authorities differently. In either case, the tax consequences of purchasing, owning or disposing of common stock could differ from those described below. Finally, the summary does not describe the effect of the United States
federal estate and gift tax laws or the effects of any applicable foreign, state or local laws. 



STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME
TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AND THE CONSEQUENCES OF FEDERAL ESTATE OR GIFT TAX LAWS, FOREIGN, STATE OR LOCAL LAWS AND TAX TREATIES. 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the PalmSource Distribution

Palm has received a private letter ruling from the IRS to the effect that
the PalmSource distribution will qualify as a tax-free transaction under Sections 355 and 368 of the Internal Revenue Code, or the Code. The ruling is generally binding on the IRS, subject to the continuing accuracy of certain factual
representations and warranties. Although some facts have changed since the issuance of the ruling, neither Palm nor PalmSource is aware of any material change in the facts and circumstances of the PalmSource distribution that would call into
question the validity of the ruling. 

This ruling provides that
for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 



no gain or loss will be recognized by, and no amount will otherwise be included in the income of, a stockholder of Palm as the result of the receipt of PalmSource common stock in
the distribution (not including cash received in respect of fractional shares of PalmSource common stock); 



the basis of the Palm common stock and PalmSource common stock held by Palms stockholders immediately after the distribution will be the same as each holders basis in
Palms common stock immediately before the distribution, allocated between the Palm and PalmSource common stock in proportion to their relative fair market values on the distribution date; 



the holding period of PalmSource common stock received by Palm stockholders will include the holding period of their Palm common stock, provided that such Palm common stock is held
as a capital asset on the date of the distribution; and 



Palm will not recognize any gain or loss upon the distribution. 

Stockholders of Palm who receive cash from the distribution agent in respect of fractional shares will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference
between the cash received and the holders basis in such fractional share interest. Such gain or loss should be capital gain or loss to such holder, provided the fractional share interest is a capital asset in the hands of such holder.

If the distribution did not qualify as a tax-free transaction,
Palm would recognize taxable gain equal to the excess of the fair market value of PalmSource common stock distributed to Palm stockholders over Palms tax basis in PalmSource common stock. In addition, each stockholder who receives PalmSource
common stock in the distribution would generally be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of PalmSource common stock received. 

Even if the distribution otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under Sections 355 and 368 of the Code, it may be
taxable to Palm under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50% or more of the stock of Palm or of PalmSource is acquired as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the PalmSource distribution. If such an acquisition of PalmSource
stock or Palms stock triggers the application of Section 355(e), Palm would recognize taxable gain as described above but the distribution should generally be tax-free to each Palm stockholder. Under the tax sharing agreement between Palm and
PalmSource, PalmSource would be required to indemnify Palm against that taxable gain if it were triggered by an acquisition of PalmSource stock. Please see The PalmSource SeparationAmended and Restated Tax Sharing Agreement for a
more detailed discussion of the tax sharing agreement between Palm and PalmSource. 

U.S. Treasury regulations require each Palm stockholder that receives shares of PalmSource stock in the distribution to attach to the stockholders U.S. federal income tax return for the year in which such stock
is 



received a detailed statement setting forth such data as may be appropriate to show the applicability of Section 355 of the Code to the distribution. Within
a reasonable period of time after the distribution, Palm will provide its stockholders who receive PalmSource common stock pursuant to the distribution with the information necessary to comply with such requirement. 

Each Palm stockholder should consult his or her tax adviser about the
particular consequences of the PalmSource distribution to such stockholder, including the application of state, local and foreign tax laws, and possible changes in tax law that may affect the tax consequences described above. 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Handspring Merger

Completion of the
Handspring merger is conditioned upon the receipt by Palm and Handspring of legal opinions from their respective tax counsel, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation and Fenwick & West LLP to the effect that the Handspring
merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

The tax opinions referred to above and the opinions set forth herein will be rendered on the basis of facts, representations and assumptions set forth or
referred to in such opinions. In rendering these tax opinions, tax counsel will require and will rely upon representations contained in certificates of officers of Palm and Handspring. These tax opinions will also be based upon the Internal Revenue
Code, existing treasury regulations, and current administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. 

Qualification of the merger as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code will result
in the following federal income tax consequences: 



you will not recognize any gain or loss upon your receipt of Palm common stock in the merger, except on cash received for a fractional share of Palm common stock;



the aggregate tax basis of the Palm common stock received by you in the merger, including any fractional share of Palm common stock not actually received, will be the same as the
aggregate tax basis of the Handspring common stock surrendered in exchange therefor; 



the holding period of the Palm common stock received by you in the merger will include the period for which the Handspring common stock surrendered in exchange therefor was
considered to be held; 



Palm and Handspring will not recognize gain or loss solely as a result of the merger. 

Stockholders of Handspring who receive cash in the merger in respect of fractional shares will recognize gain or loss equal
to the difference between the cash received and the holders basis in such fractional share interest. Such gain or loss should be capital gain or loss to such holder, provided the fractional share interest is a capital asset in the hands of
such holder. 

Neither Palm nor Handspring will request a ruling
from the Internal Revenue Service in connection with the Handspring merger. The tax opinions do not bind the Internal Revenue Service and do not prevent the Internal Revenue Service from successfully asserting a contrary opinion. 

Listing of Palm Common Stock on Nasdaq National Market 

It is a condition to the completion of the transaction that the Palm common stock to be issued in connection with the Handspring merger be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice
of issuance. Palm has agreed use all reasonable efforts to cause the shares of Palm common stock to be issued in connection with the transaction to be authorized for listing on the Nasdaq National Market before the completion of the transaction,
subject to official notice of issuance. 



Listing of PalmSource Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market 

It is a condition to the completion of the transaction that the PalmSource common stock to be distributed in connection with the transaction be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market. Palm has agreed to
use all reasonable efforts to cause the shares to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market. If PalmSource common stock does not trade at or above $5.00 per share on the first trading day on the Nasdaq National Market, PalmSources common stock
may trade on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, if it meets certain requirements, or be eligible for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, or a successor of the OTC Bulletin Board. 

Delisting and Deregistration of Handspring common stock After the Transaction 

After the Handspring merger is completed, Handspring common stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and deregistered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. 

Legal Proceedings Regarding the Transaction 

On or about June 17 and 19, 2003, respectively, two putative class action lawsuits were filed in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware in and for the County of New Castle against Palm, Handspring and various
officers and directors of Handspring. The cases are captioned Goldhirsch v. Handspring, Inc., et al., Civil Action No. 20376-NC and Majarian v. Handspring, Inc., et al., Civil Action No. 20381-NC. The Majarian complaint was amended on or about June
23, 2003 to, among other things, delete certain previously named officer defendants. Both complaints allege that the officers and directors of Handspring breached their fiduciary duties to Handspring stockholders by, among other things, failing to
undertake an appropriate evaluation of Handsprings net worth as a merger or acquisition candidate and failing to maximize Handspring stockholder value by not engaging in a meaningful auction of Handspring. The Majarian complaint also alleges,
among other things, that the officers and directors of Handspring breached their fiduciary duties by failing to act independently so that the interests of Handsprings public stockholders would be protected and enhanced. Both complaints allege
that Palm aided and abetted the alleged breaches of fiduciary duty of Handsprings officers and directors. Both complaints seek, among other things, a preliminary and permanent injunction against the transaction, a recission of the transaction
if it is consummated and unspecified damages. The Goldhirsch complaint also requests, among other things, that the Court order Handsprings officers and directors to take all necessary steps to maximize stockholder value, including open bidding
and/or a market check. Palm and Handspring believe that the lawsuits are without merit and intend to vigorously defend the cases. 

Appraisal and Dissenters Rights 

The Delaware General Corporation Law does not provide appraisal rights to holders of Palm common stock or Handspring common stock in connection with the PalmSource distribution or the Handspring merger. 



THE MERGER AGREEMENT 

The
following summary describes certain material provisions of the merger agreement. The provisions of the merger agreement are complicated and not easily summarized. This summary may not contain all of the information about the merger agreement that is
important to you. The merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B and is incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. We encourage you to read it carefully in its entirety for a more
complete understanding of the merger agreement. 

Structure of the Transaction 

The
merger agreement provides for a transaction with two components. First, in the PalmSource distribution the common stock of PalmSource held by Palm will be distributed to the existing stockholders of Palm by means of the merger of Peace Separation
Corporation, a newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of Palm, with and into Palm, which we sometimes refer to as the Parent merger or the PalmSource distribution. Palm will continue as the surviving corporation in the Parent merger. Following such
distribution, the remaining business of Palm and Handspring will be combined by means of the merger of Harmony Acquisition Corporation, a newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of Palm, with and into Handspring, which we refer to as the Handspring
merger. Handspring will survive the Handspring merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Palm. 

Completion and Effectiveness of the Transaction 

We will complete the transaction when all of the conditions to completion of the transaction contained in the merger agreement are satisfied or waived, including approval and adoption of the merger agreement by the
stockholders of Palm and Handspring. The PalmSource distribution will become effective upon the filing of a certificate of merger in connection with the Parent merger with the Delaware Secretary of State. Immediately after such filing, a certificate
of merger in connection with the Handspring merger will be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State. We expect to file both certificates and complete both the PalmSource distribution and the Handspring merger on the same date. Trading in
PalmSource common stock is expected to commence on the first trading day following the completion of the Parent merger. 

We are working to complete the transaction as quickly as possible. We currently plan to complete the transaction by fall 2003. Because completion of the
transaction is subject to governmental and regulatory approvals and other conditions, however, we cannot predict the exact timing. 

Distribution of PalmSource Common Stock 

Upon completion of the PalmSource distribution, each share of Palm common stock (including any associated preferred stock purchase rights) outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the PalmSource distribution will be
automatically converted into the right to receive (A) one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Palm common stock (together with the associated preferred stock right), such that each share of Palm common stock will remain outstanding
after the completion of the PalmSource distribution, and (B) the right to receive a number of shares of the common stock of PalmSource currently outstanding and held by Palm such that all the shares of PalmSource common stock outstanding and held by
Palm immediately prior to the effective time of the PalmSource distribution are distributed to all existing holders of Palm common stock on a pro rata basis, based on the number of shares of Palm common stock held by each such Palm stockholder. Upon
completion of the PalmSource distribution, all options to purchase Palm common stock shall continue in effect. Rights outstanding under Palms employee stock purchase plan will remain outstanding and exercisable for Palm common stock without
alteration. 

A total of approximately 10,000,000 shares of
PalmSource common stock will be distributed in connection with the PalmSource distribution to existing holders of Palm common stock. As a result, based on the number of shares of common stock of Palm currently outstanding as of May 31, 2003, each
holder of an outstanding share of Palm common stock immediately prior to the PalmSource distribution will receive approximately 0.34 of a 



share of PalmSource common stock for each share of Palm common stock held. This ratio is based on the number of Palm common stock outstanding on May 31,
2003, and is subject to reduction in the event that Palm issues additional shares of common stock following May 31, 2003 and prior to the PalmSource distribution. Handspring stockholders will not receive any PalmSource shares. 

Conversion of Handspring Common Stock 

Upon completion of the Handspring merger, each share of Handspring common stock (including the associated preferred stock purchase right) outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Handspring merger will be canceled and
extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive 0.09 of a validly issued, fully-paid and nonassessable share of Palm common stock upon surrender of the certificate representing such share of Handspring common stock in the manner
provided in the merger agreement. Palm shares will be issued with their associated preferred stock purchase rights under Palms Stockholder Rights Plan. Upon completion of the Handspring merger, Palm also will assume outstanding options and
warrants to purchase Handspring common stock. 

The exchange
ratio in the Handspring merger (i.e., 0.09 of a share of Palm common stock for each share of Handspring common stock surrendered) will be adjusted to reflect the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend
or distribution of securities convertible into Palm common stock or Handspring common stock), reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like change with respect to Palm common stock or Handspring common stock having a record date
on or after the date of the merger agreement and prior to completion of the Handspring merger. However, no adjustment will be made to the exchange ratio as a result of the PalmSource distribution. 

Each share of Handspring common stock held by Handspring or owned by Palm or
any of their direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries immediately prior to the completion of the Handspring merger will be automatically canceled and extinguished, and none of Handspring, Palm or any of their direct or indirect subsidiaries will
receive any securities of Palm or other consideration in exchange for those shares. 

Based on the exchange ratio and the number of shares of Handspring common stock and options and warrants to purchase Handspring common stock outstanding as of the Handspring record date, a total of approximately
     shares of Palm common stock will be issued in connection with the Handspring merger to holders of Handspring common stock and a total of approximately      shares of Palm common stock will be reserved for
issuance upon the exercise of options and warrants to purchase Handspring common stock assumed by Palm in connection with the Handspring merger. 

Fractional Shares 

PalmSource
Distribution.
    Palm will not issue any fractional shares of common stock of PalmSource in connection with the PalmSource distribution. Instead, Palms transfer agent will sell the aggregate of the fractional shares of
PalmSource common stock in one or more transactions, and will distribute a cash payment to each holder of Palm common stock who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of common stock of PalmSource, which cash payment would
represent such holders proportionate interest in the net proceeds from such sale. The amount of such payment will depend on the prices at which the PalmSource shares are sold by the exchange agent in the open market shortly after the effective
date of the PalmSource distribution. 

Handspring
Merger.
    Palm will not issue any fractional shares of common stock of Palm in connection with the Handspring merger. Instead, each holder of Handspring common stock who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a
share of Palm common stock will receive cash, without interest, in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the average closing price of one share of Palm common stock for the ten most recent trading days that Palm common stock has traded
ending on the trading day one day prior to the date on which the Handspring merger is completed, as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market. 



The cash distributions described above that are paid to Palm and Handspring stockholders in lieu of
fractional shares may be taxable. See Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Transaction beginning on page [    ] of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. In addition, after the PalmSource distribution,
some stockholders may hold odd lots, or blocks of less than 100 shares, of PalmSource or Palm common stock. Any investor selling an odd lot may be required to pay a higher commission rate than an investor selling round lots, or blocks of 100 shares.

Exchange of Stock Certificates 

PalmSource Distribution.

Holders of Palm common stock will not need to complete a letter of transmittal and should not send in their Palm stock certificates, as there will be no exchange of Palm stock
certificates.
 Following the completion of the PalmSource distribution, each certificate previously representing shares of Palm common stock will continue to represent the same number of shares of Palm common stock. Palm shall cause EquiServe
Trust Company, N.A., its transfer agent, to deliver to each holder of shares of Palm common stock such number of shares of PalmSource common stock to which such holder is entitled as a result of the PalmSource distribution registered in
uncertificated book-entry form (unless a holder of Palm common stock requests a certificate representing such holders whole shares of PalmSource common stock). As a result, instead of receiving stock certificates, holders of Palm common stock
will receive account statements reflecting their ownership interest in whole shares of PalmSource common stock. Such book-entry shares will be held with EquiServe Trust Company, N.A., the PalmSource transfer agent, who will serve as the record
keeper for all shares of PalmSource common stock being distributed in connection with the PalmSource distribution. Any stockholder who wishes to receive a physical certificate evidencing shares of PalmSource common stock will be able to obtain a
certificate at no charge by contacting the PalmSource transfer agent. 

Handspring Merger.
    Holders of Handspring common stock should not send in their Handspring stock certificates until they receive a letter of transmittal from Equiserve Trust Company, N.A., the exchange
agent for the Handspring merger, following the completion of the transaction with instructions for the surrender of Handspring stock certificates. 

Promptly following completion of the Handspring merger, Equiserve Trust Company, N.A., the exchange agent for the Handspring merger, will mail to each
record holder of Handspring common stock a letter of transmittal and instructions for surrendering the record holders stock certificates in exchange for a certificate representing Palm common stock registered in uncertificated book-entry form
(unless a holder of Handspring common stock requests a certificate representing such holders whole shares of Palm common stock). Only those holders of Handspring common stock who properly surrender their Handspring stock certificates in
accordance with the exchange agents instructions will receive (1) a certificate representing Palm common stock, (2) cash in lieu of any fractional share of Palm common stock, and (3) any dividends or other distributions, if any, to which they
are entitled under the terms of the merger agreement. The surrendered certificates representing Handspring common stock will be canceled. After the completion of the Handspring merger, each certificate representing shares of Handspring common stock
that has not been surrendered will represent only the right to receive each of the items enumerated in the second sentence of this paragraph. Following the completion of the Handspring merger, Handspring will not register any transfers of Handspring
common stock on its stock transfer books. 

Distributions
with Respect to Unexchanged Shares
.    Holders of Handspring common stock are not entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions on Palm common stock until the Handspring merger is completed. After the Handspring
merger is completed, holders of Handspring common stock certificates will be entitled to dividends and other distributions declared or made after completion of the Handspring merger with respect to the number of whole shares of Palm common stock
which they are entitled to receive upon exchange of their Handspring stock certificates, but they will not be paid any dividends or other distributions on the Palm common stock until they surrender their Handspring stock certificates to the exchange
agent in accordance with the exchange agents instructions and will not receive any shares of PalmSource common stock distributed by Palm.



Transfer of Ownership and Lost Stock Certificates
.    Palm will issue a Palm
stock certificate, pay cash in lieu of a fractional share and deliver any dividends or distributions that may be applicable, in a name other than the name in which a surrendered Handspring stock certificate is registered only if the person
requesting such exchange presents to the exchange agent all documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership and to show that such person paid any applicable stock transfer taxes. If a Handspring stock certificate is lost,
stolen or destroyed, the holder of such certificate may need to deliver an affidavit or bond prior to receiving any Palm stock certificate. 

Representations and Warranties 

The merger agreement generally contains reciprocal representations and warranties made by each of Palm, on the one hand, and Handspring, on the other, regarding aspects of their respective businesses, financial condition and structure, as
well as other facts pertinent to the transaction. These representations and warranties relate to the following subject matters with respect to each party: 



corporate organization, qualifications to do business, corporate standing and corporate power; 



absence of any violation of the certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the certificates of incorporation, bylaws and similar organizational documents of its subsidiaries;



ownership of subsidiary capital stock and the absence of restrictions or encumbrances with respect to the capital stock of subsidiaries; 



capitalization; 



corporate authorization to enter into and carry out the obligations of the merger agreement and the enforceability of the merger agreement; 



the vote of stockholders required to complete the Handspring merger; 



governmental, regulatory and other approvals and consents required to complete the transaction; 



absence of any conflict or violation of any applicable legal requirements, corporate charter and bylaws, and the charter, bylaws and similar organizational documents of subsidiaries
as a result of entering into and carrying out the obligations of the merger agreement; 



the effect of entering into and carrying out the obligations of the merger agreement on material contracts; 



filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 



financial statements; 



maintenance of internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures; 



the absence of certain changes and events since the date of its last quarterly balance sheet; 



the absence of any material adverse effect since the date of its last quarterly balance sheet; 



taxes; 



intellectual property; 



compliance with applicable laws; 



possession of and compliance with all permits required for the operation of business; 



litigation; 



payment, if any, required to be made to brokers and agents on account of the transaction; 



transactions with affiliates; 





employee benefit plans and labor relations; 



valid title or leasehold interest in real and personal properties and assets; 



environmental matters; 



material contracts; 



accuracy of information supplied in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the related registration statement filed by Palm with the Securities
and Exchange Commission; 



approvals by the board of directors; 



the fairness opinion received; and 



the inapplicability of the Delaware state takeover statute to Palm during the pendency of the merger agreement. 

In addition, Palm made additional representations and warranties regarding:



effect on material agreements and absence of any conflict or violation of any applicable legal requirements or charter documents as a result of the execution and delivery of the
contracts between Palm or its subsidiaries and PalmSource or its subsidiaries, which govern the commercial or economic relationships or define the allocation of assets and liabilities between such parties following the PalmSource distribution, which
we sometimes refer to throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the separation agreements; 



its stockholder rights plan; and 



the ability of PalmSource to meet the requirements for designation on the Nasdaq National Market. 

The representations and warranties of Palm and Handspring contained in the merger agreement expire upon completion of the
Handspring merger. 

Conduct of Business Before Completion of the Transaction 

Under the merger agreement, Handspring has agreed that, until the earlier of the completion of the Handspring merger or termination of the merger agreement, or unless Palm consents in writing, it will: 



carry on its business in the ordinary course in all material respects and in substantially the same manner as previously conducted and in compliance with applicable laws;



pay its debts, taxes and other material obligations when due, provided that it will not pre-pay or accelerate payment of obligations outside the ordinary course of business;



use commercially reasonable efforts to collect accounts receivables and not take affirmative action to extend credit outside the ordinary course of business;



use commercially reasonable efforts to: 



preserve intact its present business organization; 



keep available the services of its present executive officers and employees; and 



preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees and others with which it has business dealings. 

Under the merger agreement, Handspring also agreed that, until the earlier of
the completion of the Handspring merger or termination of the merger agreement, or unless Palm consents in writing, it will conduct its business in compliance with some specific restrictions relating to the following: 



entering into any new line of business; 





declaring or paying dividends or making any other distributions; 



effecting stock splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions; 



purchasing, redeeming or acquiring its capital stock or the capital stock of its subsidiaries other than repurchases at cost under arrangements then in effect in connection with the
termination of employees; 



issuing, delivering, selling, authorizing, pledging or encumbering its capital stock, or securities convertible into its capital stock, or entering into any agreement or obligation
to do the same other than: 



issuances of common stock upon the exercise of employee stock options, warrants or other stock based awards existing on the date of the merger agreement; 



issuances of common stock pursuant to its employee stock purchase plan; and 



grants of stock options at current fair market value to non-officer employees in connection with new-hires, promotions and retentions in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice, subject to certain individual and aggregate limits on the number of shares subject to such options and certain restrictions related to the vesting schedule and acceleration rights of such options; 



modifying or amending its certificate of incorporation and bylaws or the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or similar organizational documents of its subsidiaries;



acquiring or agreeing to acquire, whether by merger or otherwise, other entities, businesses, or assets that, individually or in the aggregate, are material to its business;



entering into, amending or renewing commercial contracts with telecommunications carriers, provided that, in the case of contracts with telecommunications carriers entered into in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, consent of Palm shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; 



entering into joint ventures, strategic partnerships or alliances; 



selling, leasing, licensing, or otherwise encumbering or disposing of assets material to its business, except sales of inventory and sales of its products in the ordinary course of
business; 



making loans, advances, capital contributions or investments other than employee advances for travel and entertainment in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and in compliance with applicable laws and ordinary course funding to subsidiaries exclusively to fund operations in amounts consistent with prior periods; 



making or changing any material tax election, settling or compromising any claim or assessment in respect of taxes or consenting to any extension or waiver of any limitation period
with respect to any claim or assessment for taxes; 



revaluing any of its assets in a material amount, except as required by generally accepted accounting principles and following notice to Palm; 



materially changing accounting methods or principles except as required by United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) or the Securities and Exchange Commission
and as concurred in by its independent auditors and following notice to Palm; 



paying, discharging or settling liabilities or obligations, except payments in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or with respect to immaterial claims or
paying, discharging or settling litigation or claims, including tax claims; 



waiving the benefits of or modifying any confidentiality or similar agreement to which it or a subsidiary is a party; 



increasing the base compensation of any employee, except in the ordinary course of business in connection with focal reviews and subject to an aggregate dollar limit;





materially increasing the amount of employee benefits, paying bonuses, or granting severance or termination pay to any employee, except pursuant to contractual arrangements or
pursuant to employee benefit plans existing as of the date of the merger agreement; 



adopting or amending employee benefit plans, except in connection with renewals upon expiration on substantially similar terms; 



waiving any stock repurchase rights, accelerating, amending or changing the period of exercisability of options or restricted stock, or repricing any options or authorizing cash
payments in exchange for any options; 



entering into any employment, severance, termination or indemnification agreement with an employee or any collective bargaining agreement; 



making any material representations or commitments with respect to any material aspect of any employee benefit plan that are inconsistent with existing terms;



granting stock-related awards, subject to the Handspring retention plan described in the TransactionInterests of Certain Persons in the Merger beginning on
page 87 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus; 



entering into any agreement with an employee, the benefits of which are contingent on or the terms of which are materially altered in favor of such employee upon the occurrence of a
transaction contemplated by the merger agreement; 



granting exclusive rights with respect to intellectual property; 



entering into, amending or renewing contracts containing non-competition or exclusivity restrictions or otherwise subjecting Palm to any material restriction relating to
Handsprings business; 



entering into agreements which would actually or potentially grant third parties license rights to intellectual property owned by Palm or its subsidiaries; 



engaging in action that could reasonably be expected to cause the failure of the Handspring merger to qualify as a reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code;



hiring of any officer level employees or other employees with salaries in excess of $125,000; 



incurring indebtedness or guaranteeing the indebtedness of others except for certain equipment financing or incurring of accounts payable in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice; 



issuing or selling debt securities or rights to acquire debt securities, or guaranteeing the debt securities of others; 



entering into arrangements to maintain the financial statement condition of others; 



making of capital expenditures beyond those stated in Handsprings capital expenditure budget; 



modifying or amending in a manner adverse in any material respect to it, or terminating, real property leases or subleases or material contracts; 



waiving or assigning in a manner adverse in any material respect to it of material rights or claims under material contracts; 



entering into new real property leases or subleases or allowing certain default related events to occur with respect to a certain lease; 



entering into any contract that does not fit within the categories above requiring Handspring to pay in excess of $375,000, except in connection with the purchase of inventory in
the ordinary course of business consistent with prior practice; 





entering into contracts with accountants, brokers, financial advisors, consultants, legal counsel or others in connection with the merger agreement and the contemplated
transactions, other than contracts for services on a time and materials basis at reasonable, customary rates, subject to certain exceptions; and 



agreeing in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions above. 

Under the merger agreement, Palm has agreed that, until the earlier of the completion of the Handspring merger or termination of the merger agreement, or
unless Handspring consents in writing, it will not: 



acquire or agree to acquire, whether by merger or otherwise, other entities, businesses, or a material portion of the assets of any such entity or business;



declare, set aside or pay any dividends or make any distribution, or effect any stock split, recapitalization or similar transaction, subject to certain exceptions;



purchase, redeem or acquire its capital stock or the capital stock of its subsidiaries other than repurchases at cost under arrangements pursuant to stock options or purchase
agreements then in effect in connection with the termination of employees; 



amend its certificate of incorporation and bylaws or the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or similar organizational documents of its subsidiaries; and 



materially amend or modify the separation agreements or enter into any material new separation agreements. 

Palm and Handspring Prohibited from Soliciting Other Offers 

Under the terms of the merger agreement, subject to certain exceptions described below, each of Palm and Handspring has agreed that it will not, and each of its subsidiaries, officers and directors and the officers
and directors of its subsidiaries will not, directly or indirectly: 



solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage, knowingly facilitate or induce any inquiry with respect to, or the making, submission or announcement of, any acquisition proposal by a third
party of the type described below; 



participate or engage in any discussions or negotiations with any third party regarding any acquisition proposal of the type described below; 



furnish to any person any nonpublic information regarding, or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or may be reasonably
be expected to lead to, any acquisition proposal of the type described below; 



approve, endorse or recommend any acquisition proposal of the type described below; or 



enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any acquisition proposal of the type described
below or any transaction contemplated by the acquisition proposal. 

In addition, each of Palm and Handspring agreed to use all reasonable efforts to cause its and its subsidiaries employees, agents and representatives (including any retained investment banker, attorney or
accountant) not to do any of the foregoing. 

An acquisition
proposal is any offer or proposal, including a tender or exchange offer, by a third party or group with respect to Palm or Handspring that would result in any of the following: 



the acquisition by any person or group of more than a 10% interest in the total outstanding voting securities of the party or any of its subsidiaries; 





any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction involving the party or any of its subsidiaries; 



any sale, lease outside the ordinary course of business, exchange, transfer, license outside the ordinary course of business, acquisition or disposition of more than 10% of the
assets of the party (including its subsidiaries taken as a whole); or 



any liquidation or dissolution of the party or the declaration or payment of an extraordinary dividend by such party. 

Under the merger agreement, each of Palm and Handspring agreed to cease, as
of June 4, 2003, all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted prior to that date with respect to any acquisition proposal. 

Each of Palm and Handspring is obligated to promptly notify the other orally and in writing upon receipt of any type of acquisition proposal described
above or any request for nonpublic information or inquiry it reasonably believes would lead to an acquisition proposal. The notice must include the material terms and conditions of the acquisition proposal, request or inquiry, the identity of the
person or group making the acquisition proposal, request or inquiry and all related written materials provided in connection with the acquisition proposal, request or inquiry. Following delivery of the initial notice to the other party, the party
receiving an acquisition proposal, request or inquiry of the type described above also must provide the other party with all information as is reasonably necessary to keep the other party informed in all material respects of the status and details
of the acquisition proposal, request or inquiry and all written materials subsequently provided in connection with the acquisition proposal, request or inquiry. Each of Palm and Handspring further agreed to generally provide the other party with 48
hours notice of any meeting of its board of directors at which its board of directors is reasonably expected to consider any acquisition proposal. 

Notwithstanding the prohibitions contained in the merger agreement with respect to the type of acquisition proposals described above, if either of Palm or
Handspring receives an unsolicited written acquisition proposal that its board of directors concludes in good faith, following the receipt of the advice of its outside legal counsel and its financial advisor, satisfies, or is reasonably likely to
satisfy, each of following criteria that constitute a Superior Offer: 



the acquisition proposal is an unsolicited bona fide written offer made by a third party to acquire, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the companys assets or
in excess of 80% of its total outstanding voting securities, as a result of which the stockholders of the company immediately preceding the transaction would cease to hold at least 80% of the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of
such transaction (or any direct or indirect parent or subsidiary thereof); 



the proposed acquisition is on terms that the recipient board of directors has in good faith concluded (following receipt of advice of its outside legal counsel) after taking into
account, among other things, all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the offer and the person or group making the offer: (1) to be more favorable, from a financial point of view, to its stockholders than the terms of the Handspring
merger; and (2) is reasonably capable of being completed; and 



in the case of Palm only, the proposed acquisition is conditioned upon the termination of the merger agreement; 

then the party receiving the Superior Offer may furnish nonpublic information to, and engage
in negotiations with, the third party making the acquisition proposal, if its board of directors concludes in good faith, following the receipt of advice of its outside legal counsel, that failure to do so would result in a breach of its fiduciary
obligations under applicable law. 

In the event that either of
Palm or Handspring furnishes nonpublic information to a third party making an acquisition proposal, it is required to give the other party written notice of such action and a copy of the 



information furnished concurrently with its delivery of such information to the potential third party acquirer. It also must enter into a confidentiality
agreement with the third party on terms which are at least as restrictive as the terms contained in the confidentiality agreement entered into between Palm and Handspring. The confidentiality agreement may not contain any provision calling for an
exclusive right to negotiate with such third party. In addition, in the event that a party enters into negotiations with a third party making an acquisition proposal, it is required to concurrently give the other party written notice of its
intention to do so. 

Obligations of the Palm Board of Directors and Handspring Board of Directors with Respect to their Recommendations and Holding a Meeting of their Stockholders 

The Palm board of directors agreed to call, hold and convene a meeting of
its stockholders promptly after the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the registration statement filed by PalmSource with respect to
the PalmSource distribution of its common stock is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, to vote on the merger agreement, the Parent merger and the issuance of the shares of Palm common stock in connection with the Handspring
merger. The Palm board of directors also agreed to recommend the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the Parent merger and approval of the issuance of shares of Palm common stock in connection with the Handspring merger to
its stockholders and to use all reasonable efforts to obtain the required stockholder approval. The Handspring board of directors agreed to call, hold and convene a meeting of its stockholders promptly after the registration statement of which this
joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the registration statement filed by PalmSource with respect to the PalmSource distribution of its common stock is declared effective by
the Securities and Exchange Commission, to vote on the merger agreement an the Handspring merger. The Handspring board of directors also agreed to recommend the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the Handspring merger to
its stockholders and to use all reasonable efforts to obtain the required stockholder approvals and adoption. Notwithstanding each of the Palm board of directors and the Handspring board of directors obligations described in this
paragraph, in response to a third party acquisition proposal deemed by the board of directors to be a Superior Offer, the board of directors of Palm or Handspring, as the case may be, may withhold, withdraw, amend or modify its recommendation to its
stockholders as described in this paragraph and, in the case of a Superior Offer that is a tender or exchange offer made directly to its stockholders, may recommend that its stockholders accept the tender or exchange offer if the following
conditions are met: 



a Superior Offer has been made and has not been withdrawn; 



its stockholders meeting has not occurred; 



it has provided the other party with at least 3 business days advance written notice of its publicly effecting its change of recommendation and has disclosed in the notice the
material terms and conditions of the Superior Offer, the identity of the third party or group making the offer, and its intent to change its recommendation to its stockholders and the manner and timing in which it intends to do so;



in the case of Handspring only, it has provided to Palm a copy of all written materials delivered to the third party or parties making the Superior Offer in connection with the
offer, and it has made available to Palm all materials and information it has made available to the third party or parties making the Superior Offer in connection with the offer; 



its board of directors has concluded in good faith, after receipt of advice of its outside legal counsel, that in light of such Superior Offer, the failure of the board of directors
to change its recommendation would result in a breach of its fiduciary obligations to its stockholders under applicable law; and 

If a Superior Offer has been made to Handspring, prior to effecting a change in its recommendation to its stockholders as described above, Handspring must
provide Palm with a reasonable opportunity to make 



adjustments to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement in a manner that would allow Handspring to proceed with its recommendation in favor of the
Handspring merger without effecting a change of recommendation, but such opportunity does not extend the three business day period after which the Handspring board may change its recommendation. 

Regardless of whether the board of directors of either of Palm or Handspring
has received an acquisition proposal or has withheld, withdrawn, amended or modified its recommendation to its stockholders, each of Palm and Handspring is obligated under the terms of the merger agreement to call, give notice of, convene and hold a
meeting of its stockholders to consider and vote upon its respective proposal. Prior to the termination of the merger agreement by its terms, neither Palm nor Handspring is permitted under the merger agreement to submit to the vote of its respective
stockholders any acquisition proposal, or propose to do so except for the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement. 

Treatment of Awards Outstanding under Stock Plans and Outstanding Warrants 

When the PalmSource distribution is completed, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Palm common stock will continue in effect. Each option will
be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable documents evidencing such Palm option immediately prior to the PalmSource distribution, including any repurchase rights or vesting provisions, except that each such option
will be adjusted so that it will be exercisable for an additional number of shares of Palm common stock equal in fair market value to the consideration to be received by holders of Palm common stock in connections with the PalmSource distribution.
This adjustment will be accomplished by multiplying the number of shares for which the option is exercisable by 