URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1095901/000095013303002265/0000950133-03-002265.txt

62238

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 SOUTH HAYES ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7035753100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 SOUTH HAYES ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22202

PREM14A

w87909pprem14a.htm

PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT

prem14a



SUMMARY TERM SHEET

Forward Looking Statements

The Companies

Market Price and Dividend Data

The Special Meeting of Stockholders

The Merger

The Merger Agreement

Voting Agreements

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING

MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of the Special Meeting

Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote; Quorum

Vote Required

Voting by Our Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Stockholders

Voting of Proxies

Revocability of Proxies

Adjournments or Postponements

Voting 401(k) Plan Shares

Solicitation of Proxies

Householding of Proxy Materials

THE COMPANIES

Veridian Corporation

General Dynamics Corporation

Aspen Acquisition Corporation

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Our Board of Directors

Opinion of Our Financial Advisor

Interests of Veridians Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

Appraisal Rights

Source of Funds

Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

Regulatory Approvals

Past Contacts, Transactions or Negotiations

 THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Form of the Merger

Effective Time of the Merger

Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation

Merger Consideration

Effect on Stock Options and Warrants

Conversion of Shares; Procedures for Exchange of Certificates

Conditions to the Merger

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Expenses and Fees

No Solicitation by Veridian

Representations and Warranties

Covenants Under the Merger Agreement

Amendment and Waiver

Assignment

 VOTING AGREEMENTS

 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

PROPOSALS OF STOCKHOLDERS

OTHER MATTERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEX A AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

ANNEX B OPINION OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON LLC

ANNEX C SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

ANNEX D VOTING AGREEMENT WITH DAVID H. LANGSTAFF AND LABYRINTH, L.P.

ANNEX E VOTING AGREEMENT WITH DR. JOSEPH P. ALLEN, IV AND SUGAR CREEK, L.P.

ANNEX F VOTING AGREEMENT WITH THE TEXAS GROWTH FUND  1991 TRUST, THE TEXAS
GROWTH FUND II  1998 TRUST, TGF MANAGEMENT CORP. AND TGF II MANAGEMENT, L.P.

ANNEX G VOTING AGREEMENT WITH MONITOR CLIPPER EQUITY PARTNERS, L.P., MONITOR
CLIPPER EQUITY PARTNERS (FOREIGN), L.P., MONITOR CONSULTING, L.P. AND MONITOR
COMPANY GROUP, L.P.



UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE 14A

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.  )

Filed by the Registrant [x]

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [  ]

Check the appropriate box:

[x]

Preliminary Proxy Statement

[  ]

Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by
Rule 14a 6(e)(2))

[  ]

Definitive Proxy Statement

[  ]

Definitive Additional Materials

[  ]

Soliciting Material under  240.14a-12

VERIDIAN CORPORATION

(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

[  ]

No fee required.

[x]

Fee
computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

1)

Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:

      Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Veridian Corporation

2)

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

      34,816,350 shares of Veridian Corporation common stock, options to purchase 3,134,719

shares of Veridian Corporation common stock and warrants to purchase 287,096 shares of

Veridian Corporation common stock

3)

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule

0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was

determined):

      $35.00, which represents the price per share of Veridian Corporations common stock

to be paid in the merger (with respect to outstanding options and warrants, the per unit price

was based on the excess, if any, of $35.00 over the per share exercise price of the options

and warrants)

4)

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:  $1,284,125,724

5)

Total fee paid:  $103,886

[  ]

Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

[x]

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act
Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee
was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration
statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

)

Amount Previously Paid: $11,614

)

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-83792)

)

Filing Party: Veridian Corporation

)

Date Filed: March 6, 2002



[VERIDIAN CORPORATION LOGO]

July  , 2003

DEAR VERIDIAN CORPORATION STOCKHOLDER:

     A special meeting of stockholders has been scheduled for Thursday, August
7, 2003, at 9:00 a.m., eastern daylight savings time, at Veridians corporate
offices located at 1200 South Hayes Street, 11th Floor, Arlington, Virginia
22202. At the special meeting, we will ask you to consider and vote on a
proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, or merger
agreement, dated as of June 9, 2003, by and among General Dynamics Corporation,
Aspen Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics,
and Veridian Corporation, providing for the acquisition of Veridian by General
Dynamics. Pursuant to the merger, if approved and consummated, you will
receive $35.00 in cash, without interest and less applicable withholding taxes,
for each share of our common stock that you own, unless you perfect
and exercise your appraisal rights. Upon the
consummation of the merger, Veridian will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
General Dynamics.

     The $35.00 cash per share merger consideration represents a premium of
approximately 28% to the closing price of our common stock on June 6, 2003, the
last trading day before the public announcement of the signing of the merger
agreement, and a premium of approximately 50% to the average daily closing
price of our common stock over the 30 trading day period ended June 6, 2003.

     The board of directors of Veridian carefully considered and
evaluated the merger, and after undertaking a comprehensive strategic review
with the objective of enhancing stockholder value, the board of directors of Veridian determined that a
merger with General Dynamics is in the best interests of Veridian
stockholders. The board
of directors of Veridian received an opinion from Credit Suisse First
Boston, Veridians financial
advisor, regarding the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the $35.00 per share to be received by the stockholders of Veridian in the merger.

     The merger cannot be completed unless Veridian stockholders holding a
majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the special meeting of
stockholders vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

     The accompanying Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders and proxy
statement explain the merger and provide specific information concerning the
special meeting. Please read these materials, along with the annexes attached
to the proxy statement, carefully.

     Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own.
To be certain that your shares are voted at the special meeting, please mark,
sign, date and return promptly the enclosed proxy card or vote by telephone or
over the Internet, whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting in
person. If you abstain or do not instruct your broker or nominee how to vote
your shares, it will have the same effect as voting against the merger.

     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF VERIDIAN HAS UNANIMOUSLY
APPROVED THE MERGER AND UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE 
FOR

THE APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

Please do not send your
stock certificates to us at this time
. On behalf of the board of directors of
Veridian, I thank you in
advance for your participation in this matter.

On behalf of your Board of Directors,

Dr. Joseph P. Allen, IV

Chairman of the Board



[VERIDIAN LOGO]

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

TO VERIDIAN CORPORATIONS STOCKHOLDERS:

     A special meeting of stockholders (the 
Special Meeting
) of Veridian
Corporation will be held at Veridians corporate offices located at 1200 South
Hayes Street, 11th Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22202, on Thursday, August 7,
2003, at 9:00 a.m., eastern daylight savings time.

     Veridian stockholders of record at the close of business on July 3, 2003
will be entitled to attend and vote at the Special Meeting. At the Special
Meeting, stockholders will vote on a proposal to approve and adopt the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 9, 2003, by and among General
Dynamics Corporation, Aspen Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary
of General Dynamics, and Veridian Corporation, providing for the acquisition of
Veridian by General Dynamics.

     A complete list of stockholders will be open to examination by any
stockholder for any purpose germane to the Special Meeting between the hours of
9:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., eastern daylight savings time, at the offices of
Veridian at 1200 South Hayes Street, Suite 1100, Arlington, VA 22202, for 10
days prior to the Special Meeting. The list will also be available at the
Special Meeting and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

     The merger agreement and the merger are explained in the accompanying
proxy statement, which you are urged to read carefully, including the attached
annexes. This Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders, the accompanying
proxy statement and proxy are being mailed to stockholders entitled to notice
of, and to vote at, the Special Meeting, on or about July     , 2003.

Sincerely,

Jerald S. Howe, Jr.

Senior Vice President, General Counsel

& Secretary

Arlington, Virginia

July     , 2003



IMPORTANT

Your vote is important. To assure your votes are counted at the Special
Meeting, please mark, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the
enclosed return envelope today. No postage is required if mailed in the United
States.

You may also vote by telephone or over the Internet. For instructions on
telephone or Internet voting, please see the instructions on the enclosed proxy
card or the voting instruction form received from any broker, dealer, trustee,
bank or other nominee who may hold your Veridian shares on your behalf.

If your Veridian shares are not registered in your own name and you would
like to attend the meeting, please bring evidence of your Veridian share
ownership with you to the Special Meeting. You should be able to obtain
evidence of your Veridian share ownership from the broker, dealer, trustee,
bank or other nominee who holds your Veridian shares on your behalf.

If you do attend the Special Meeting, you may then withdraw your proxy and
vote in person.





SUMMARY TERM SHEET

Forward Looking Statements

The Companies

Market Price and Dividend Data

The Special Meeting of Stockholders

The Merger

The Merger Agreement

Voting Agreements

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING

MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of the Special Meeting

Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote; Quorum

Vote Required

Voting by Our Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Stockholders

Voting of Proxies

Revocability of Proxies

Adjournments or Postponements

Voting 401(k) Plan Shares

Solicitation of Proxies

Householding of Proxy Materials

THE COMPANIES

Veridian Corporation

General Dynamics Corporation

Aspen Acquisition Corporation

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Our Board of Directors

Opinion of Our Financial Advisor

Interests of Veridians Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

Appraisal Rights

Source of Funds

Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

Regulatory Approvals

Past Contacts, Transactions or Negotiations

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Form of the Merger

Effective Time of the Merger

Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation

Merger Consideration

Effect on Stock Options and Warrants

Conversion of Shares; Procedures for Exchange of Certificates

Conditions to the Merger

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Expenses and Fees

No Solicitation by Veridian

Representations and Warranties

Covenants Under the Merger Agreement

Amendment and Waiver

Assignment

VOTING AGREEMENTS

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

i





PROPOSALS OF STOCKHOLDERS

OTHER MATTERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

ANNEX B

OPINION OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON LLC

ANNEX C

SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

ANNEX D

VOTING AGREEMENT WITH DAVID H. LANGSTAFF AND LABYRINTH, L.P.

ANNEX E

VOTING AGREEMENT WITH DR. JOSEPH P. ALLEN, IV AND SUGAR CREEK, L.P.

ANNEX F

VOTING AGREEMENT WITH THE TEXAS GROWTH FUND  1991 TRUST, THE TEXAS
GROWTH FUND II  1998 TRUST, TGF MANAGEMENT CORP. AND TGF II MANAGEMENT, L.P.

ANNEX G

VOTING AGREEMENT WITH MONITOR CLIPPER EQUITY PARTNERS, L.P., MONITOR
CLIPPER EQUITY PARTNERS (FOREIGN), L.P., MONITOR CONSULTING, L.P. AND MONITOR
COMPANY GROUP, L.P.

ii



[VERIDIAN LOGO]

VERIDIAN CORPORATION

1200 South Hayes Street, Suite 1100

Arlington, Virginia 22202

PROXY STATEMENT FOR

SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

     The board of directors of Veridian Corporation solicits the accompanying
proxy to be voted at the special meeting of stockholders to be held on
Thursday, August 7, 2003, at 9:00 a.m., eastern daylight savings time, at
Veridians corporate offices located at 1200 South Hayes Street, 11th Floor,
Arlington, Virginia 22202, and at any adjournments of the special meeting. In
this proxy statement, unless the context requires otherwise, references to
we, us, our or Veridian, are to Veridian Corporation and its
consolidated subsidiaries.

     Our principal executive offices are located at 1200 South Hayes Street,
Suite 1100, Arlington, Virginia 22202, telephone number (703) 575-3100. The
approximate date on which this proxy statement, the accompanying Notice of
Special Meeting of Stockholders and form of proxy were sent or given to our
stockholders is July     , 2003.

     You should rely only on the information contained in this proxy statement.
We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different
from what is contained in this proxy statement. This proxy statement is dated
July     , 2003. You should not assume that the information contained in this
proxy statement is accurate as of any date other than that date unless expressly provided as of another date. Neither the
mailing of this proxy statement to stockholders nor the issuance of cash in the
merger creates any implication to the contrary.

     General Dynamics has supplied all information contained in this proxy
statement relating to General Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiary and
Veridian has supplied all information relating to Veridian.



SUMMARY TERM SHEET

This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement and
may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand
the merger fully, and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the
merger, you should carefully read this entire proxy statement, the annexes
attached to this proxy statement and the documents to which we refer. See
Where You Can Find More Information. The Agreement and Plan of Merger, or
merger agreement, is attached as 
Annex A 
to this proxy statement. We encourage
you to read the merger agreement as it is the legal document that governs the
merger. We have included page references in parentheses to direct you to the
appropriate place in this proxy statement for a more complete description of
the topics presented in this summary.

Forward Looking Statements

     Certain statements in this proxy statement relating to the proposed
acquisition of Veridian contain or are based on forward-looking information
(that Veridian believes to be within the definition in the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995) and involve risks and uncertainties, many of
which are outside of our control. Words such as may, will, intends,
should, expects, plan, projects, anticipates, believes,
estimates, predicts, potential, continue, or opportunity, or the
negative of these terms or words of similar import, are intended to identify
forward-looking statements.

     These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks
and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated, including, without limitation: the satisfaction of all of
the conditions to the closing of the merger, including receiving the approval
of the stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to
vote at the special meeting of our stockholders and obtaining the necessary
governmental approvals; if the merger agreement is terminated under certain
circumstances set forth in the merger agreement, we must pay a termination fee
of $30,000,000 to General Dynamics and certain of its expenses up to an
aggregate of $500,000, which could affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations; legislative or regulatory changes which may adversely
affect the businesses in which we are engaged; potential or actual
litigation challenging the proposed transaction; general economic, financial
and business conditions; changes in tax laws; and actions of United States,
foreign and local governments. Certain other risk factors are
more fully discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors in Veridians
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2003, and from time to time in
Veridians other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
among others, its reports on Form 8-K and Form 10-Q.

     The forward-looking statements included in this proxy statement are made
only as of the date of this proxy statement and Veridian, General Dynamics and
its acquisition subsidiary undertake no obligation to publicly update any of
the forward-looking statements made herein, whether as a result of new
information, subsequent events or circumstances, changes in expectations or
otherwise.

The Companies (Page 17)



Veridian Corporation (Page 17). 
Veridian Corporation, a
Delaware corporation, is a leading provider of information-based
systems, integrated solutions and services to the U.S. government.
We specialize in mission-critical national security programs,
primarily for the intelligence community, the Department of Defense,
law enforcement and other U.S. government agencies. Our offerings
include the design, development, deployment, operation and
protection of vital networks, databases and other information and
intelligence systems. We are at the forefront of U.S.
government-funded research, development and application of advanced
information and sophisticated sensor technologies for emerging
defense and intelligence initiatives. During our 50 years of
experience, we have developed long-standing customer relationships,
proprietary technologies and intellectual property and have acquired
extensive security clearances and domain expertise in understanding
our governmental customers operations and missions.



Our principal
executive offices are located at 1200 South Hayes Street, Suite
1100, Arlington, Virginia 22202 and our telephone number is (703)
575-3100.



General Dynamics Corporation (Page 18). 
General Dynamics
Corporation is a Delaware corporation formed in 1952 as successor to
Electric Boat Corporation. General Dynamics businesses include
mission-critical information technology and communications, land and
amphibious combat systems, shipbuilding and marine systems, and
business aviation. These are leading-edge technology businesses that
provide the highest quality products and capabilities to its
customers. General
Dynamics principal executive offices are located at 3190 Fairview
Park Drive, Falls Church, Virginia 22042-4523 and its telephone
number is (703) 876-3000. Its common stock is listed on The New
York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GD.



Aspen Acquisition Corporation (Page 19)
. Aspen Acquisition
Corporation, a Delaware corporation, is a wholly owned subsidiary of
General Dynamics. Aspen Acquisition has not conducted any business
operations other than for the purpose of entering into the merger
agreement. Aspen Acquisitions principal executive offices are
located at 3190 Fairview Park Drive, Falls Church, Virginia
22042-4523 and its telephone number is (703) 876-3000.

Market Price and Dividend Data (Page 13)



Our common stock is listed on The New York Stock Exchange
under the ticker symbol VNX. On June 6, 2003, the last full
trading day prior to the public announcement of the proposed merger,
our common stock closed at $27.35 per share. On July     , 2003, the
last full trading day prior to the date of this proxy statement, our
common stock closed at $          per share. The average daily
closing price of our common stock over the 30 day trading period
ended June 6, 2003 was $23.31 per share.

The Special Meeting of Stockholders (Page 14)



Date, Time and Place (Page 14). 
A special meeting of
stockholders will be held on Thursday, August 7, 2003 at 9:00 a.m., eastern daylight savings time, at Veridians
corporate offices located at 1200 South Hayes Street, 11th Floor,
Arlington, Virginia 22202.



Purpose of the Special Meeting (Page 14). 
At the special
meeting, we will ask you to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.



Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote (Page 14). 
You are
entitled to vote at the special meeting if you owned shares of our
common stock at the close of business on July 3, 2003, the record
date for the special meeting. You will have one vote at the special
meeting for each share of our common stock you owned at the close of
business on the record date. As of the record date, there were           
shares of our common stock entitled to be voted at
the special meeting, of which a total of                      are
beneficially owned by our directors and executive officers.



Quorum (Page 14). 
The holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of common stock must be present, either in person
or by proxy, to constitute a quorum at the special meeting. We will
count abstentions, either in person or by proxy, and broker nonvotes
(shares held by a broker or nominee that does not have the authority
to vote on a matter) for the purpose of establishing a
quorum. If at any time less than a quorum is present at the
special meeting, it is expected that the special meeting will be adjourned or postponed until such
time as a quorum can be present.



Vote Required (Page 14). 
Assuming a quorum is present, the
affirmative vote of the shares representing a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote at the special meeting is
required to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement. Since abstentions, either in person or by proxy, and



broker nonvotes will
be counted for the purpose of establishing a quorum, they will
effectively constitute votes against the merger.



Voting by our Directors, Executive Officers and Certain
Stockholders (Page 14). 
As of the record date, our directors and
executive officers held approximately           % of the shares entitled
to vote at the special meeting. In conjunction with the merger
agreement, certain of our executive officers, directors and
stockholders who collectively held                      shares,
representing approximately           % of the outstanding shares of our
common stock as of the record date, entered into voting agreements
with General Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiary whereby they
agreed, among other things, to vote their shares of our common stock
for the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement. See Voting Agreements
on page 50.



Voting of Proxies (Page 14). 
All shares represented by
properly executed proxies received in time for the special meeting
will be voted at the special meeting in the manner specified by the
holders. Properly executed proxies that do not contain voting
instructions will be voted 
FOR 
the approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. To vote, please mark, sign, date and return the
enclosed proxy or vote by telephone or via the Internet pursuant to
the instructions provided on the enclosed proxy or the voting
instruction form received from any broker, dealer, trustee, bank or
other nominee that may hold Veridian shares on your behalf. If
any other matters are properly brought before the special meeting of
stockholders, the enclosed proxy card gives discretionary authority
to the persons named on the card to vote the shares of our common
stock represented by the card in their discretion. If your shares
are held in the name of your broker, dealer, bank, trustee or other
nominee, you must obtain a legal proxy, executed in your name, from
the holder of record to be able to vote in person at the special
meeting. 
It is very important that ALL Veridian stockholders vote
their shares, so please mark, sign, date and return the enclosed
proxy or vote by telephone or via the Internet today!



Revocability of Proxies (Page 15). 
If your shares are held
in your name, you may revoke your proxy at any time before it is
voted by (i) delivering a written notice of revocation to our
secretary at our principal executive offices, (ii) signing and
delivering a later-dated proxy or by submitting a telephone or
Internet proxy at a date after the date of the previously submitted
proxy and before the vote at the special meeting or (iii) voting in
person at the special meeting. However, your attendance at the
special meeting without further action will not automatically revoke
your proxy. If your shares are held in the name of your broker,
dealer, bank, trustee or other nominee, you may revoke your proxy at
any time before it is voted only by contacting such nominee and
following their procedures for revocation of a proxy.



Voting 401(k) Plan Shares (Page 16). 
Certain shares of our
common stock are held for the benefit of plan participants of the
Veridian Retirement Savings Plan. Participants of this plan who
have shares of our common stock credited to their account as of the
record date have the right to direct the plan trustee regarding how
to vote those shares. The trustee will vote the shares in each
participants account in accordance with the participants
instructions. If a participant does not send instructions to the
trustee, or if the trustee does not receive the participants proxy
card in a timely manner, the shares credited to the participants
account will be counted for purposes of determining the existence of
a quorum but will not be voted by the trustee and therefore will
count as a vote against the merger agreement.

The Merger (Page 19)

     The rights and obligations of the parties to the merger agreement are
governed by the specific terms and conditions of the merger agreement and not
by any summary or other information in this proxy statement. Therefore, the
information in this summary regarding the merger agreement and the merger is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement itself, a copy
of which is attached as 
Annex A 
to this proxy statement.





Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Our Board of
Directors (Page 25). 
After an evaluation of a variety of business,
financial and market factors and consultation with our legal and
financial advisors, our board of directors determined that the
terms of the merger are advisable, fair to and in the best interests
of our stockholders, has approved the merger agreement and
recommends that our stockholders vote 
FOR 
the approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.



Opinion of our Financial Advisor (Page 27 and Annex B). 
On
June 8, 2003, Credit Suisse First Boston LLC delivered an oral
opinion to our board of directors, followed by a written opinion
dated June 9, 2003, the date of the merger agreement, to the effect
that, as of the date of that opinion and based upon and subject to
the matters stated in the opinion, the merger consideration to be
received by holders of our common stock in the merger was fair, from
a financial point of view, to such holders. The full text of the
written opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston, dated June 9, 2003,
setting forth the assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion,
is attached as 
Annex B 
to, and is incorporated by reference in, this
proxy statement. 
You should read that opinion carefully and in its
entirety. The opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston is addressed to
our board of directors and does not constitute a recommendation to any
stockholder with respect to any matter relating to the merger.



Interests of Veridians Directors and Executive Officers in
the Merger (Page 30). 
In considering the recommendation of our
board with respect to the merger, you should be aware that certain
of our directors and executive officers may have interests in the
merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests
of Veridian stockholders generally, including those listed below:



our directors and executive officers hold options
to purchase our common stock, which will entitle those holders
to an aggregate cash payment of approximately $27,146,402, which
represents the product of (i) the number of shares
of our common stock subject to the stock options and (ii) the
excess of the $35.00 per share merger consideration over the
applicable per share exercise price of the stock options;



certain of our executive officers are parties to
employment agreements with us that contain change-of-control
termination payment provisions, whereby the executive officers would receive
payments in an aggregate amount of approximately $18,049,790, that will be triggered if the
employment of all of such officers is terminated, other than for
cause, or
if such officers leave for good reason, subsequent to the closing of
the merger,



certain of our executive officers, including our
chairman of the board, who are not parties to employment
agreements may receive severance payments that could total an
aggregate amount of approximately $947,481 if the employment of all
of such officers is terminated, other than for cause, or if such
officers
leave for good reason, subsequent to the closing of the
merger;



General Dynamics will cause the surviving
corporation of the merger, Veridian, to maintain our current
directors and officers insurance and indemnification policy
and related arrangements, or an equivalent policy or related
arrangements no less advantageous to our present and former
directors and officers than the current policy and related
arrangements for a period of six years following the effective
time of the merger;



certain of our executive officers, directors and
stockholders have entered into voting agreements with General
Dynamics whereby they have agreed, among other things, to vote
their shares in favor of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and



one of our directors, Mr. George R. Hornig, is a
Managing Director and the Chief Operating Officer of Credit
Suisse First Bostons Private Equity Division, an affiliate of
Credit Suisse First Boston LLC, our financial advisor in
connection with the merger. Mr.



Hornig recused himself from
the decision to retain Credit Suisse First Boston LLC as our
financial advisor.



Appraisal Rights (Page 34 and Annex C). 
You have the right
under Delaware law to dissent from the approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and to exercise appraisal rights and receive
payment in cash for the fair value of your shares of our common
stock in the event the merger is completed. The fair value of your
shares of our common stock as determined in accordance with Delaware
law may be more or less than the merger consideration to be paid to
non-dissenting stockholders in the merger. To preserve your
appraisal rights, you must not vote in favor of the approval and
adoption of the merger agreement, must not return a signed but not
voted proxy card and must follow specific procedures. If you do not
follow these specific procedures, you may lose your appraisal
rights. These procedures are described in this proxy statement, and
the provisions of Delaware law that grant appraisal rights and
govern those procedures are attached as 
Annex C
. We encourage you to
read these provisions carefully and in their entirety.



Source of Funds (Page 36).
 General Dynamics has
informed us that it expects to fund the cash requirements for the
transaction from a combination of existing cash reserves, the
issuance of commercial paper and additional borrowings under
existing credit facilities. The merger is not conditioned
upon General Dynamics obtaining financing.



Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock (Page 36)
.
If the merger is completed, our common stock will be delisted from
The New York Stock Exchange and will be deregistered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, at the effective time
of the merger.



Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger (Page 37)
. The exchange of shares of our common stock for
the cash merger consideration will be a taxable transaction to our
stockholders for United States federal income tax purposes. In
general, a stockholder will recognize gain or loss equal to the
difference, if any, between the amount of cash received for shares
of our common stock in the merger and that stockholders adjusted
tax basis in its shares. 
Tax matters can be complicated, and the
tax consequences of the merger to you will depend on the facts of
your own situation. You should consult your own tax advisor to
understand fully the tax consequences of the merger to you.



Regulatory Approvals (Page 37). 
The Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, prohibits us from completing the merger
until we have furnished certain information and materials to the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal
Trade Commission and the required waiting period has expired or been
terminated. Both General Dynamics and Veridian have filed the
required notification and report forms. The completion of the merger
also is subject to compliance with applicable laws of the State of
Delaware.

The Merger Agreement (Page 39)



Form of the Merger (Page 39)
. At the effective time of the
merger, Aspen Acquisition, a wholly owned subsidiary of
General Dynamics and a party to the merger agreement, will merge
with and into Veridian. Veridian will survive the merger as a
wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics.



Effective Time of the Merger (Page 39)
. The merger will
become effective upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such later time
as is agreed upon by General Dynamics and us and specified in the
certificate of merger. The filing of the certificate of merger will
occur simultaneously with or as soon as possible after the closing
of the merger.



Merger Consideration (Page 39). 
If the merger is completed,
you will receive $35.00 in cash, without interest, in exchange for
each share of our common stock that you own, unless you perfect and exercise your appraisal rights.



After the merger is completed, you will have the right to
receive the merger consideration but you will no longer have any
other rights as a Veridian stockholder. Our stockholders will
receive the merger consideration after exchanging their Veridian
stock certificates in accordance with the instructions contained in
the letter of transmittal to be sent to our stockholders shortly
after completion of the merger. The price of $35.00 per share was
determined through arms-length negotiations between General
Dynamics and us.



Effect on Stock Options (Page 39). 
Upon completion of the
merger, each outstanding option to purchase our common stock will be
cancelled and the holder of that option will be entitled to receive
a one-time cash payment equal to the number of shares of our common
stock subject to the option (whether vested or unvested), multiplied
by the difference between $35.00 and the per share exercise price of
the option, net of applicable state and federal withholding taxes.



Effect on Warrants (Page 40)
. Upon completion of the
merger, each outstanding warrant to acquire shares of our common
stock will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a
one-time cash payment equal to the number of shares of our common
stock subject to the warrant multiplied by the difference between
the $35.00 per share merger consideration and the per share exercise
price of the warrant.



Conditions to the Merger (Page 41). 
The completion of the
merger is subject to the satisfaction or valid waiver of the
following conditions, among others:



our stockholders holding at least a majority of
our outstanding shares entitled to vote must approve and adopt
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement;



the waiting period applicable to the consummation
of the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, must have expired or been terminated;



there must be no law or court order prohibiting
the merger;



all governmental waivers, consents, orders and
approvals legally required for the consummation of the merger
must have been received and be effective;



performance by the parties to the merger
agreement of their respective agreements contained in the
merger agreement required to be performed on or prior to the
closing date of the merger;



the representations and warranties of the
respective parties contained in the merger agreement must be
true and correct at the time made and at the closing date of
the merger; and



holders of more than 12% of the issued and
outstanding shares of our common stock must not have perfected their appraisal
rights under Delaware law prior to the effective
time of the merger.



Termination of the Merger Agreement (Page 42)
. Under certain
circumstances, prior to the close of the merger, either Veridian or
General Dynamics may terminate the merger agreement.



Expenses and Fees (Page 43)
.





Termination Fee
. Upon termination of the merger
agreement under certain circumstances, either party may owe
the other a termination fee of $30,000,000. See The Merger
Agreement Expenses and Fees on page 43.



Expenses
. Upon termination of the merger agreement under certain circumstances,
either party may owe the other an amount up to an aggregate of $500,000 of actual and documented
out-of-pocket expenses. Otherwise, the parties to the
merger agreement will bear their respective costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the merger agreement, whether or
not the merger is consummated. See The Merger Agreement
Expenses and Fees on page 43.



No Solicitation by Veridian (Page 44)
. The merger agreement
contains non-solicitation provisions which prohibit us from
soliciting or engaging in discussions or negotiations regarding a
competing proposal to the merger. There are exceptions to these
prohibitions if we receive a proposal for a competing transaction
from a third party under certain circumstances set forth in the merger
agreement.



Assignment (Page 49)
. General Dynamics may assign the
merger agreement, and may effect the assignment of the merger
agreement on behalf of Aspen Acquisition, to any other wholly owned
subsidiary of General Dynamics.

Voting Agreements (Page 50 and Annexes D-G)

     David H. Langstaff, our president and chief executive officer, Dr. Joseph
P. Allen IV, our chairman of the board, as well as Monitor Clipper Equity
Partners, L.P., Monitor Clipper Equity Partners (Foreign), L.P., Monitor
Consulting, L.P., Monitor Company Group, L.P., The Texas Growth Fund  1991
Trust, The Texas Growth Fund II  1998 Trust, TGF Management Corp. and TGF II
Management, L.P., Sugar Creek, L.P. and Labyrinth, L.P., who collectively held           
shares, representing approximately           % of the outstanding
shares of our common stock as of the record date, have entered into voting
agreements with General Dynamics and have agreed, among other things, to vote
their shares of our common stock for the approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING

     The following questions and answers are provided for your convenience and
briefly address some commonly asked questions about the proposed transaction
and the special meeting of Veridian stockholders. You should carefully read
this entire proxy statement, including each of the annexes attached to this
proxy statement.

Q:

Why am I receiving this proxy statement and proxy card?

A:

You are receiving this proxy statement and proxy card because you own shares of common stock of Veridian. This proxy
statement describes the issues on which we would like you, as a stockholder, to vote. It also gives you information about
these issues so that you can make an informed decision.

Q:

What am I voting on?

A:

You are being asked to consider and vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement, pursuant to which General Dynamics will acquire
Veridian through the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics with and into Veridian. After the merger,
Veridian will become a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics.

Q:

What will Veridian stockholders receive in the merger?

A:

In the merger, each outstanding share of Veridian common stock will be converted into the right to receive $35.00 in cash,
without interest, unless you perfect and exercise your appraisal rights set forth below. Veridian stockholders will not have the
option to receive General Dynamics common stock in exchange for their shares of Veridian common stock instead of cash.
Veridian stockholders will have appraisal rights with respect to their shares of Veridian common stock. The shares of
Veridian common stock held by those stockholders who properly follow the procedures necessary to exercise their appraisal
rights will not be immediately converted into the right to receive $35.00 in cash, without interest, but rather will be
entitled to have their shares of our common stock appraised and receive the fair value of the shares in cash as
determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery in lieu of the consideration the stockholders would otherwise be entitled to
receive under the merger agreement.

Q:

What will happen to outstanding and unexercised stock options and warrants?

A:

In the merger, each outstanding and unexercised stock option (whether vested or unvested) and warrant to acquire our common
stock will be converted into the right to receive for each share covered by the option or warrant the excess, if any, of
$35.00 over the per share exercise price of the stock option or warrant, without interest. Veridian option holders and
warrant holders will not have the option to receive options or warrants to acquire General Dynamics common stock in
exchange for their Veridian options or warrants.

Q:

What will happen to my shares of Veridian common stock after the merger?

A:

Following consummation of the merger, your shares of our common stock will represent solely the right to receive the merger
consideration of $35.00 per share in cash, without interest, unless
you perfect and exercise your appraisal rights, and trading in our common stock on The New York Stock Exchange will cease. Price
quotations for our common stock will no longer be available and we will cease filing periodic reports with the Securities
and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Q:

Does General Dynamics have the financial resources to pay the aggregate merger consideration?

A:

The aggregate consideration payable to our stockholders, option holders and warrant holders in the merger is approximately
$1.28 billion. General Dynamics has advised us that the aggregate merger consideration will be financed through a combination of
existing cash reserves, the issuance of commercial paper and



additional borrowing under existing credit facilities. There is no financing condition to the consummation of the merger.

Q:

Will the merger be taxable to Veridian stockholders?

A:

Yes. The merger is intended to be a taxable transaction and, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, will
generally be treated as a sale of your shares of our common stock in exchange for the consideration you
receive in the merger. You should read The MergerMaterial United States Federal Income Tax Consequences
of the Merger beginning on page 37 for a more complete discussion of the U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger. We also urge you to consult your own tax advisors to determine the effect of
the merger on you under applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax laws.

Q:

When will the merger be completed and when will payment be received?

A:

The effective time of the merger will occur on the third business day following the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions to the merger contained in the merger agreement or as the parties may otherwise agree. We are working toward
completing the merger as quickly as possible. We believe that the merger will be completed by the end of
the third quarter of 2003. However, the merger cannot be completed without first receiving the approval of
the Veridian stockholders as described in this proxy statement. In addition, the merger also must be
approved by U.S. antitrust regulatory authorities, among other things. Detailed instructions with regard
to the surrender of your stock certificates, together with a letter of transmittal, will be mailed to you
promptly following the completion of the merger. You should not submit your certificates to us or the paying agent until you have received these materials. The
paying agent will send payment for your shares promptly after the paying agent receives your stock
certificates and other required documents.

Q:

Who is entitled to vote at the special meeting of stockholders?

A:

Holders of record of Veridian common stock as of the close of business on July 3, 2003 are entitled to
vote on the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

Q:

When and where is the special meeting of stockholders?

A:

The special meeting of stockholders will be held on Thursday, August 7, 2003 at 9:00 a.m., eastern
daylight savings time, at Veridians corporate offices at 1200 South Hayes
Street, 11th Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22202.

Q:

What stockholder approval is required to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement?

A:

Assuming a quorum is present at the special meeting of stockholders, the affirmative vote of the
shares representing a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the special meeting is
required to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.

Q:

Does Veridians board of directors recommend the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement?

A:

Yes. Veridians board of directors recommends that Veridian stockholders vote 
FOR 
the approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement. Veridians board of directors considered many factors in deciding to
recommend the approval and adoption of the merger agreement, including, among others, the available
strategic alternatives and the premium offered by General Dynamics to the then-current market price. The
$35.00 cash per share merger consideration represents a premium of
approximately 23% to the highest closing price
of our common stock prior to June 6, 2003, the last trading day before the public announcement of the signing of the merger
agreement, approximately 28% over the closing
price of our common stock on June 6, 2003 and approximately 50% over the average daily closing price
of our common stock over the 30 trading day period ended June 6, 2003.



Q:

Where can I learn more about General Dynamics and Veridian?

A:

Veridian and General Dynamics file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other
information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You may read and copy any reports, statements or
other information that Veridian and General Dynamics file with the Securities and Exchange Commission at
the Securities and Exchange Commissions public reference room at the Securities and Exchange Commissions
Public Reference Room, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Securities and
Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the Public Reference
Room. These Securities and Exchange Commission filings are also available to the public at the Internet
site maintained by the Securities and Exchange Commission at
http://www.sec.gov.

Q:

Whom should I contact if I have questions?

A:

If you would like additional copies, without charge, of this proxy statement or if you have questions
about the merger, including the procedures for voting your shares, you should contact us or D.F. King &
Co., Inc., our proxy solicitor, as follows:

Veridian Corporation

D. F. King & Co., Inc.

Attn: Investor Relations

48 Wall Street

1200 South Hayes Street, Suite 1100

or

New York, New York 10005

Arlington, Virginia 22202

(212) 493-6922

(703) 575-3100

Q:

Am I entitled to appraisal rights?

A:

Yes. Under Delaware law, if you do not vote in favor of approving and
adopting the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement, you
have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of your shares as determined by the Delaware Court of
Chancery if the merger is completed, but only if you submit a written demand for an appraisal before the
vote on the merger agreement and comply with the appropriate Delaware law procedures. You should read
The MergerAppraisal Rights beginning on page 34 and 
Annex C 
to this proxy statement for a
more complete discussion of your appraisal rights.

Q:

What do I need to do now?

A:

We urge you to read this proxy statement carefully, including its annexes, and consider how the merger
affects you. Then just mark, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope
provided, or cast your vote by telephone or via the Internet in accordance with the instructions on the
enclosed proxy card or the voting instruction form received from any broker, dealer, trustee, bank or
other nominee that may hold your Veridian shares on your behalf, as soon as possible so that your shares
can be voted at the special meeting.

Q:

What happens if I do not return a proxy card?

A:

If your shares are held by a broker or other nominee, the failure to return your proxy card will have the
same effect as voting against the merger.

Q:

May I vote in person?

A:

Yes. You may vote in person at the meeting, rather than signing and returning your proxy card, if you own
shares in your own name. Provided that you bring a legal proxy from your broker, dealer, trustee, bank or



other nominee and present it at the special meeting, you may also vote in person at the meeting if your shares are held in street
name through a broker, dealer, trustee, bank or other nominee. You may also be asked to present photo identification for
admittance.

Q:

May I change my vote after I have mailed my signed proxy card?

A:

Yes. You may change your vote at any time before the shares reflected on your proxy card are voted at the
special meeting. If you own your shares in your name, you can do this in one of three ways. First, you can
send a written notice of revocation to our secretary at our principal executive offices. Second, you can
mark, sign, date and return a new proxy card. Third, you can attend the meeting and vote in person. Your
attendance alone will not revoke your proxy. If you voted by telephone or via the Internet, you may also
revoke your proxy as noted above or by voting again by telephone or via the Internet. If you have
instructed a broker, dealer, trustee, bank or other nominee to vote your shares, you must follow the
directions received from the broker, dealer, trustee, bank or other nominee to change your instructions.

Q:

If my shares are held in street name by my broker, will my broker vote my shares for me?

A:

Your broker will not vote your shares without instructions from you. You should instruct your broker to
vote your shares, following the instructions provided by your broker. Without instructions, your shares
will not be voted, which will have the effect of a vote against the merger.

Q:

Who is soliciting my proxy?

A:

The board of directors of Veridian is soliciting your proxy. Officers and other employees of Veridian may
participate in soliciting proxies by mail, telephone, facsimile, personal interview or e-mail. In
addition, D.F. King & Co., Inc., 48 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005, is aiding us in the
solicitation of proxies. D.F. King will
receive a base fee of $7,500 plus other out-of-pocket fees and expenses.

Q:

Should I send in my stock certificates now?

A:

No. After the merger is completed, you will receive written instructions for exchanging your shares of our
common stock for the merger consideration of $35.00 in cash, without
interest, per share, unless you perfect and exercise your appraisal
rights.



MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY AND

RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     Trading in our common stock commenced on The New York Stock Exchange on
June 5, 2002 under the symbol VNX. At July 3, 2003, the record date for the
special meeting of our stockholders, there were approximately                      holders of
record of our common stock. This number does not include any beneficial owners
for whom shares of common stock may be held in nominee or street name. The
following table sets forth the high and low sales price per share of the common
stock as reported on The New York Stock Exchange for the periods shown:

Price Range

High

Low

Second Quarter (from June 5, 2002)

$

24.10

$

17.65

Third Quarter

$

26.00

$

17.50

Fourth Quarter

$

25.40

$

17.94

First Quarter

$

21.86

$

17.50

Second Quarter (through June 26, 2003)

$

34.80

$

18.55

     On June 6, 2003, the last full trading day before the public announcement
of the proposed merger, the last reported sales price of our common stock on
The New York Stock Exchange was $27.35 per share. On                    , 2003,
the latest full trading day before the printing of this proxy statement, the
last reported sales price of our common stock on The New York Stock Exchange
was $          per share. The average daily closing price of our common
stock over the 30 day trading period ended June 6, 2003 was
$23.31 per share.

     We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. Our
current policy is that any earnings will be retained for development and
expansion of our business and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in
the foreseeable future. Following the merger, our common stock will not be
traded on any public market.



THE SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place

     We will hold the special meeting on Thursday,
August 7, 2003, at 9:00 a.m., eastern daylight savings time, at Veridians corporate offices located
at 1200 South Hayes Street, 11th Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22202.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

     At the special meeting, we will ask you to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement. Veridians board of directors unanimously (i) approved and declared the merger,
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
advisable, (ii) declared that it is in the best interests of our stockholders
that we enter into the merger agreement and complete the merger on the terms
and conditions in the merger agreement and (iii) recommended that you approve and
adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote; Quorum

     Only holders of record of our common stock at the close of business on
July 3, 2003, the record date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the
special meeting. On the record date,            
         shares of our common stock
were issued and outstanding and held by approximately                      holders of
record. Each holder of record of common stock will be entitled to one vote per
share at the special meeting on the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

     The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock must
be present, either in person or by proxy, to constitute a quorum at the special
meeting. We will count abstentions, either in person or by proxy, and broker
nonvotes (shares held by a broker or other nominee that does not have the
authority to vote on a matter) for the purpose of establishing a quorum. In
the event that a quorum is not present at the special meeting, it is expected
that the meeting will be adjourned or postponed to solicit additional proxies.

Vote Required

     The approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement requires the affirmative
vote of the shares representing a majority of the outstanding shares entitled
to vote on the merger agreement at the special meeting. If you abstain from
voting, either in person or by proxy, or do not instruct your broker or other
nominee how to vote your shares, it will effectively count as a vote against
the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

Voting by Our Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Stockholders

     At the close of business on the record date, our directors and executive
officers were entitled to vote                      shares of our common stock,
representing approximately           % of the outstanding shares of our
common stock on that date. Under the terms of voting agreements entered into in
conjunction with the merger agreement, David H. Langstaff, our president and
chief executive officer, Dr. Joseph P. Allen IV, the chairman of
our board of directors, as
well as Monitor Clipper Equity Partners, L.P., Monitor Clipper Equity Partners
(Foreign), L.P., Monitor Consulting, L.P., Monitor Company Group, L.P., The
Texas Growth Fund  1991 Trust, The Texas Growth Fund II  1998 Trust, TGF
Management Corp. and TGF II Management, L.P., Sugar Creek, L.P. and Labyrinth,
L.P., who collectively held            
          shares, representing approximately

         % of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of the record date, have
agreed, among other things, to vote their shares of our common stock for the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement. See Voting Agreements on page 50 for
additional information regarding the voting agreements.

Voting of Proxies

     You may vote your proxy by Internet, telephone or mail, as explained
below. Voting your proxy does not limit your right to vote in person should you
decide to attend the special meeting. The law of Delaware, under which we are
incorporated, specifically permits electronically transmitted proxies, provided
that each such proxy contains



 or is submitted with information from which the inspector of elections of
the special meeting can determine that such electronically transmitted proxy
was authorized by the stockholder. If your shares are held in the name of a
broker, bank or other holder of record, you will be provided voting
instructions from the holder of record and, in order to vote at the special
meeting, you must obtain a proxy, executed in your name, from the holder of
record. If you vote by Internet or telephone, please do not mail the enclosed
proxy card.



Internet
. Access the Internet voting site at
http://www.voteproxy.com. Follow the on-screen instructions and be
sure to have the control number listed on your proxy card available
when you access the Internet voting site. Please note that
stockholders that vote by Internet must bear all costs associated
with electronic access, including Internet access fees.



Telephone
. Dial toll free 1-800-776-9437 from any touch-tone
telephone. Follow the voice prompts and be sure to have your control
number available when you call.



Mail
. Simply mark, sign, date and return the proxy to
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. A postage-prepaid envelope
has been provided for your convenience if you wish to vote your
proxy by mail.

     If you vote by mail and the returned proxy card is completed, signed and
dated, or if you vote by telephone or the Internet in accordance with the
instructions on the enclosed proxy card, your shares will be voted at the
special meeting in accordance with your instructions. If you vote by mail and
your proxy card is returned unsigned, then your vote cannot be counted. If you
vote by mail and the returned proxy card is signed and dated, but you do not
fill out the voting instructions on the proxy card, the shares represented by
your proxy will be voted 
FOR 
the approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

     The persons you name as proxies may propose and vote for one or more
adjournments or postponements of the special meeting, including adjournments or
postponements to permit further solicitations of proxies. No proxy voted
against the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will be voted in
favor of any adjournment or postponement.

     We do not expect that any matter other than the proposal to approve and
adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement will be brought before the special meeting. If,
however, our board of directors properly presents any other matters, the
persons named as proxies will vote in accordance with their judgment as to
matters that they believe to be in the best interests of the stockholders.

You should not send your stock certificates with your proxy. A letter of
transmittal with instructions for the surrender of Veridians common stock
certificates will be mailed to our stockholders as soon as practicable after
completion of the merger.

Revocability of Proxies

     If you hold your shares in your name, you have the unconditional right to
revoke your proxy at any time prior to its exercise by employing any of the
following methods:



delivering a written notice of revocation to the secretary of
Veridian at our principal executive offices;



submitting a later-dated proxy by Internet, by telephone or
in writing to the secretary of Veridian at our principal executive
offices; or



voting in person at the special meeting.

     The revocation of your proxy by written notice or your later-dated proxy
will be effective only if the secretary of Veridian receives the written notice
or later-dated proxy prior to the day of the special meeting or if the



inspector of elections receives the written notice or later-dated proxy at
the special meeting. Your attendance at the special meeting without further
action will not automatically revoke your proxy.

     If you have instructed a broker, dealer, trustee, bank or other nominee to
vote your shares, you must follow the directions received from such nominee to
change these instructions.

Adjournments or Postponements

     Although it is not
expected, the special meeting may be adjourned or postponed for the
purpose of soliciting additional proxies or for other reasons as
determined by our board of directors. Any adjournment or postponement
may be made without notice, including by an announcement made at the
special meeting, by approval of the shares representing a majority of
the shares represented at the special meeting, which are present in
person or represented by proxy, whether or not a quorum exists. Any
signed proxies received by us will be voted in favor of an
adjournment or postponement in these circumstances unless a written
note on the proxy by the stockholder directs otherwise. If the
special meeting is adjourned or postponed for the purpose of
soliciting additional proxies or for other reasons, we will allow our
stockholders who have already sent in their proxies to revoke them at
any time prior to their use.

Voting 401(k) Plan Shares

     Stockholders who are current or former employees of Veridian participating
in the Veridian Retirement Savings Plan, or VRSP, and have shares of our common
stock credited to their plan account as of the record date have the right to
direct the plan trustee regarding how to vote those shares. The trustee for the
VRSP is Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company. Vanguard will vote the shares in each
participants VRSP account in accordance with the participants instructions.
If a participant does not send instructions in one of the manners discussed in
Voting of Proxies above, or if the participants proxy card is not received
by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company in a timely manner, the shares
credited to the participants account will not be voted by the trustee and will
therefore count as a vote against the merger agreement.

Solicitation of Proxies

     Our board of directors is soliciting your proxy. In addition to the
solicitation of proxies by use of the mail, officers and other employees of
Veridian may solicit the return of proxies by personal interview, telephone,
e-mail or facsimile. We will not pay additional compensation to our officers
and employees for their solicitation efforts, but we will reimburse them for
any out-of-pocket expenses they incur in their solicitation efforts. We will
request that brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries
forward solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of stock registered in
their names. We will bear all costs of preparing, assembling, printing and
mailing the Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders, this proxy statement,
the enclosed form of proxy and any additional materials, as well as the cost of
forwarding solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of stock and all
other costs of solicitation.

     We have retained D. F. King & Co., Inc. to aid in the solicitation of
proxies and to verify records relating to the solicitation. D. F. King will
receive a base fee of $7,500 plus other out-of-pocket fees and
expenses.

Householding of Proxy Materials

     Some banks, brokers and other nominee record holders may be participating
in the practice of householding proxy statements. Householding means that
only one copy of this proxy statement may have been sent to a household shared
by multiple stockholders unless such nominee received contrary instructions
from one or more of the stockholders. Upon written or oral request, we will
promptly deliver a separate copy of this proxy statement to any stockholder at
a shared address to which a single copy of the document was delivered upon
written or oral request. All requests should be made to: Veridian Corporation,
1200 South Hayes Street, Suite 1100, Arlington, Virginia 22202, phone: (703)
575-3100, Attention: Investor Relations.



THE COMPANIES

Veridian Corporation

     Veridian Corporation, a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in 1986 and
serves as a holding company for its subsidiaries. The oldest business
conducted by Veridian traces its heritage to 1948. We conduct our business
through four primary operating subsidiaries: Veridian Engineering, Inc.,
Veridian Systems Division, Inc., Veridian Information Solutions, Inc. and
Veridian IT Services, Inc. Veridian Systems Incorporated is a fifth, smaller
subsidiary. Each of our subsidiaries is wholly owned and controlled by us. We
had revenues in 2002 of approximately $834 million. We are a leading provider
of information-based systems, integrated solutions and services to the U.S.
government. We specialize in mission-critical national security programs,
primarily for the intelligence community, the Department of Defense, law
enforcement and other U.S. government agencies. Our offerings include the
design, development, deployment, operation and protection of vital networks,
databases and other information and intelligence systems. We are at the
forefront of U.S. government-funded research, development and application of
advanced information and sophisticated sensor technologies for emerging defense
and intelligence initiatives. During our 50 years of experience, we have
developed long-standing customer relationships, proprietary technologies and
intellectual property and have acquired extensive security clearances and
domain expertise in understanding our governmental customers operations and
missions.

     Our customer and contract base is highly diversified across a wide range
of mission-critical applications. We currently have more than 2,000
contracts, two of which represented in excess of 5% of 2002 revenues each. One
such contract is with an intelligence agency and had revenues of more than $50
million in 2002. The second contract is with the U.S. Army and had revenues of
$59 million in 2002, which includes revenues received in 2002 by Signal
Corporation, prior to its acquisition by us on September 24, 2002. The next
largest contract represented less than 3% of our revenues in 2002. For the year
ended December 31, 2002, approximately 47% of our revenues were represented by
cost-plus contracts, 40% by time-and-materials contracts and 13% by fixed price
contracts. Our contracts typically have terms of several years with renewal
options. Our experience has been that most renewal options are exercised and
the scope and term of our contracts are often expanded. Given our broad range
of specialized capabilities and contracts, we are not dependent on any one
funding decision, customer or technology for our business.

     Our comprehensive solutions leverage our core capabilities that include:



network security and enterprise protection;



intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR);



knowledge discovery and decision support;



information systems development and integration;



chemical, biological and nuclear detection;



network and enterprise management; and



systems engineering services.

     Given the critical and classified nature of many of our services and our
sophisticated technical capabilities, we are called upon to support our
customers in the intelligence community and the Department of Defense as they
respond to crisis situations around the world. Our solutions enable our
customers to manage risk by identifying a wide variety of conventional and
nonconventional threats, including nuclear, biological, chemical, cyber
aggression and terrorism, quantifying exposure to these threats and
implementing prudent physical and cyber countermeasures.



     Our customers include
Department of Defense, U.S. intelligence agencies, U.S. government civilian
agencies and other commercial, state and local governments and international customers.

     Our principal executive offices are located at 1200 South Hayes Street,
Suite 1100, Arlington, Virginia 22202, and our telephone number is (703)
575-3100. Additional information regarding Veridian is contained in our filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. See Where You Can Find More
Information on page 54.

General Dynamics Corporation

     General Dynamics is a Delaware corporation formed in 1952 as successor to
the Electric Boat Company. The companys businesses include mission-critical
information technology and communications, land and amphibious combat systems,
shipbuilding and marine systems, and business aviation. These are leading-edge
technology businesses that provide the highest quality products and
capabilities to its customers.

     General Dynamics operates in four primary business groupsInformation
Systems and Technology, Combat Systems, Marine Systems and Aerospaceand in a
smaller Resources group.





Information Systems and Technology. 
The Information Systems
and Technology group is a leading integrator of secure communication
systems and networks, and command, control and intelligence systems
for the U.S. military and its allies. The group provides defense
and commercial customers with infrastructure and systems integration
skills required to process, communicate and manage information
effectively. The group has market-leading positions in the design,
deployment and maintenance of wireline and wireless voice and data
networks; C4ISR (command and control, communications, computers,
intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance) systems; encryption;
ruggedized computing; advanced software and electronics systems
development; and lifecycle management and support.



Combat Systems
. The Combat Systems group provides systems
integration, design, development, production and support for armored
vehicles, armaments, munitions and components. Its product lines
include a full spectrum of armored vehicles; unmanned systems;
suspensions, engines and transmissions; medium-caliber guns;
ammunition handling systems; turrets and turret drive systems;
medium- and large-caliber ammunition; reactive armor; and ordnance.



Marine Systems
. The Marine Systems group provides the U.S.
Navy with combat vessels, including nuclear submarines, surface
combatants and auxiliary ships. The group also provides ship
management services for the U.S. government and builds large-hulled
vessels for commercial customers.



Aerospace
. The Aerospace group is composed of Gulfstream
Aerospace Corporation and General Dynamics Aviation Services. The
Aerospace group designs, develops, manufactures, markets and
provides maintenance and support services for technologically
advanced business jets. The group also sells special mission
aircraft to governments around the world. Gulfstream has delivered
nearly 1,400 aircraft to customers since 1958, the year that
operations began.



Resources
. The Resources businesses consist of a coal mining
operation, an aggregates operation and a leasing operation for
liquefied natural gas tankers.

     General
Dynamics principal customers are the U.S. military, other
government organizations, the armed forces of allied nations, and a
diverse base of corporate and industrial buyers. General Dynamics principal executive offices are located at 3190 Fairview
Park Drive, Falls Church, Virginia 22042-4523, and its telephone number is
(703) 876-3000. Its common stock is listed on The New York Stock
Exchange under the ticker symbol GD. Additional information regarding
General Dynamics is contained in General Dynamics filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. See Where You Can Find More
Information on page 54.

Aspen Acquisition Corporation

     Aspen Acquisition Corporation is a newly-formed Delaware corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics. Aspen Acquisition has not
conducted any business operations other than for the purpose of entering into
the merger agreement. Aspen Acquisitions principal executive offices are
located at 3190 Fairview Park Drive, Falls Church, Virginia 22042-4523, and its
telephone number is (703) 876-3000.

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

     In connection with our business, we routinely team with or subcontract to
divisions of the large defense contractors. As a result, we have frequent
discussions with such companies on existing business as well as new business
and strategic alliances. Such discussions are an important part of our growth
strategy, as they involve a dialogue with our most strategically important team
members and prime contractor customers.

     On January 13, 2003,
our President met with an executive officer of General Dynamics for a
general discussion regarding the desire to grow our respective
information systems and technology businesses, which might include
future teaming relationships, strategic alliances or a possible
acquisition. With respect to a possible acquisition of our business
by General Dynamics, our President responded that the company was not
for sale.

     In late March 2003, one of our major stockholders was contacted by a
representative of a large defense contractor (which was not General
Dynamics) who was inquiring about the
possibility of a transaction with us. That representative was directed to
contact our President. Our President and Senior Vice President of Corporate &
Business Development subsequently



had a wide-ranging discussion with this representative on March 31, 2003,
touching on potential teaming relationships and the possibility of a strategic
alliance. During this meeting, the representative of the other party expressed
an interest in the possibility of a more comprehensive relationship with us,
including a possible acquisition. Our President responded that our company was
not for sale, but inquired whether the other party would consider a spin-out or
sale of certain of its information technology businesses. The representative
of the other party expressed no interest in such a divestiture. Given the
importance of the relationship between the two companies, our President and the
representative of the other party agreed that it would be in the companies
mutual interests to learn more about their respective capabilities.

     On April 1, 2003, a confidentiality agreement was executed with this
company, and our President notified the Vice Chairman of our board of
directors, who is also the Chair of the board of directors Audit & Finance Committee, of
this discussion and the intended follow-up activity. On April 4, 2003, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
and our Senior Vice President of Corporate & Business Development, met with
representatives of this company to conduct an exchange regarding our respective
capabilities. On April 8, 2003, our President met again with a representative of this
company, at their request, during which an indication of interest for a cash
acquisition was discussed at a range of $28 to $30 per share.

     On April 10, 2003, a meeting of the Audit & Finance Committee of our board
of directors was held at which the discussions with this company were
discussed. At this meeting, our management was authorized to engage Credit
Suisse First Boston LLC, as our financial advisor. We entered into an engagement letter with Credit Suisse
First Boston effective as of April 10,
2003, pursuant to which Credit Suisse First Boston was retained to act as our exclusive financial
advisor with respect to our continuing review of certain strategic and financial
planning matters.

     On April 22, 2003, our board of directors met with our management,
representatives of Credit Suisse
First Boston and a representative of our outside legal counsel,
Andrews & Kurth L.L.P., to discuss recent developments and
year-to-date business and financial results, and to establish the process by
which it would timely and adequately consider the various strategic
alternatives. At this meeting, our Senior Vice President & General Counsel,
in conjunction with our outside legal counsel, reviewed for the board
of directors its
fiduciary obligations under Delaware law.

     On April 29,
2003, our President and our Senior Vice President of Corporate &
Business Development, again met with executive officers of General
Dynamics for general discussions about the market outlook for
government information technology, the desire to grow our respective
information systems and technology businesses and General
Dynamics continued interest in acquiring Veridian. Our
President again reiterated that the company was not for sale.

     On May 1, 2003, we released our first quarter earnings report, which
included significant increases in revenue and earnings.

     On May 2, 2003, a special meeting of our board of directors was held
attended by our senior management, representatives of Credit Suisse
First Boston and a representative
of Andrews & Kurth. Our Chief Financial Officer gave a business update and
reviewed the initial results of our first quarter earnings release. Our stock
price closed at $20.70 on May 1 and was trading up on May 2 (it would close at
$21.65). Our President gave a report on recent discussions with various other
parties, including the first interested party and General Dynamics. The
representatives of Credit Suisse
First Boston



reviewed with our board of directors our financial
condition and prospects, the financial condition of companies in our
industry and various strategic alternatives, including
those associated with our remaining independent and those associated with a
potential sale.

     Also at this meeting, our President gave a management
presentation, concluding that staying independent would be better in the
long-term interest of our stockholders than selling the company for
$28 to 30 per
share, and providing the business and financial reasons of that conclusion. At
the conclusion of this meeting, the board of directors met in an executive
session, at the end of which it was the consensus of the board of
directors that the
indication of interest we had received was too preliminary for a decision to be
made as to whether pursuing a sale was in the best interests of stockholders
and the board of directors directed management to continue discussions with the interested party. In
addition, Credit
Suisse First Boston was directed by our board of directors to contact a number of other defense companies to
ascertain if there was any interest on the part of such companies regarding a potential transaction. The board of directors
emphasized that these matters continue to be handled confidentially because the
company was not for sale, but that any offer would be considered in a manner
consistent with the board of directors fiduciary responsibilities. Our President
emphasized the importance of considering the impact of any such discussions on
both our employees and our customers. The board of directors expressed the
desire that any such offer would have to have very few conditions to closing
and that any potential buyer be willing to assume the risk that a transaction
could not close because of antitrust issues.

     On May 8, 2003, a special meeting of our board of directors was held and
attended by our senior management, representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston and a representative
of Andrews & Kurth. Management reviewed the increase in the price of our stock
following the earnings announcement on May 1, 2003. Our stock closed at $23.50
per share on the previous day. Representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston reviewed with the board of directors its discussions with the first interested party which indicated that a bid
might be at the upper end of the range but that a definitive bid would require
additional due diligence to be performed. In addition, the first
interested party asked for a period of exclusivity while it undertook this
work. Finally, the first interested party indicated that it was unwilling to
assume the risk of a failure to close because of antitrust issues.
Also at this meeting, the
representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston reported that they had had no discussions with any
other interested parties. The board of directors directed Credit
Suisse First Boston to contact two
other large defense companies (neither of which was General Dynamics) with whom
we had previous discussions and to report back as soon as possible. The meeting
was adjourned with no action taken.

     On May 9, 2003,
the board of directors convened to discuss with representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston the results of its contacts with the other two companies. The
representatives indicated that while both parties were interested,
one expressed interest at the upper end of the price range. After
discussing various strategic alternatives with management and our
advisors, although no
decision had been made to pursue a sale of the company, the board of
directors directed
management to work with both interested parties on a non-exclusive basis and to
take appropriate steps to obtain a definitive proposal from each party for
evaluation by the board of directors.



     On May 12, 2003, we entered into a standstill agreement with the first
interested party, which confirmed the confidentiality agreement previously
entered into. That party commenced its due diligence on May 14, 2003.

     On May 14, 2003, we entered into a confidentiality and standstill
agreement with the second interested party, which commenced due diligence on
May 15, 2003.

     During the remainder of May 2003, representatives of the first and second interested parties and their and our
respective legal and financial advisors exchanged drafts of proposed merger
agreements and negotiated the terms of such agreements, including such matters
as (i) a no-shop provision, (ii) our right to pursue a superior proposal
should one be received following execution of a merger agreement, (iii)
conditions to closing, (iv) the definition of material adverse effect, (v)
contractual means to mitigate antitrust concerns, and (vi) termination fees,
including a termination fee payable by the acquiring party to us if the
transaction failed to close as a result of antitrust issues. The purpose of
these discussions was to have offers that could be considered in the context of
specifically negotiated agreements.

     On May 23, 2003, our board of directors met to receive updates from our
senior management and our legal and financial advisors. At this
meeting, our Chief Financial Officer reviewed for the board of
directors the strong April
results of operations and what appeared to be equally strong results for the
first half of May, which included some significant new contract wins. Our
stock had closed the previous day at $23.12 per share. After discussion it was
agreed that we should revise our guidance on revenues and earnings prior to the
end of the quarter given the significance of the financial results and the
projected effect on our financial performance for the year. That new guidance
was subsequently released on May 29, 2003 with representatives of the
interested parties alerted ahead of time of the fact that our guidance was to
be increased. As the May 23rd meeting continued, representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston reviewed with the board of directors the status of discussions with the two interested parties. Each of the parties had been requested to submit
proposals no later than May 29, 2003. Our President reported to
the board of directors that
he had spoken with an executive officer of General Dynamics who reiterated General
Dynamics potential interest if the company was to consider a sale. Our General
Counsel briefed the board of directors on the status of negotiations with the first two
interested parties from a legal perspective and summarized the significant
terms and conditions of the proposed merger agreements and the position of the
respective parties on the various issues, including the negative reactions to
our proposal that a termination fee be payable to us by the acquiror if a
transaction failed to close as a result of antitrust issues. Discussion ensued
about the importance to the board of directors of protections on this front.

     On May 30, 2003, our board of directors met to receive updates from our
senior management and our legal and financial advisors. At this
meeting our Chief Financial Officer reviewed for the board of
directors the initial
reactions to the revised guidance and the conference call to discuss the
guidance. The stock price increased by 9% on May 30, 2003, and closed at $25.95
per share. Representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston then reviewed with the board of directors the proposals that
had been received and the reaction by the interested parties to the revised
earnings guidance. Both proposals were non-binding and indicated offer prices
of $30 per share. Both proposals included marked up merger agreements. In each
case, the merger agreement did not include an acquiror termination fee payable
to us if a transaction failed to close as a result of antitrust issues. At
least one of the proposals also assumed that voting agreements would be entered
into by the principal stockholders. Finally, both proposals were conditioned
upon certain additional diligence. Also at this meeting, Credit
Suisse First Boston informed the board of a telephone conversation that day with Nicholas
D. Chabraja, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of General Dynamics, during
which Mr. Chabraja indicated an interest and a willingness to
promptly propose a price. The board of directors discussed with the representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston the
firmness of the $30 per share offers of the first and second interested parties
and the likelihood of either party increasing the amount of its offer. In
addition, the board of directors questioned the likelihood of receiving a viable and timely
offer from General Dynamics. The board of directors was concerned that the
process not be unduly extended if the offers were inadequate and none of the
interested parties were going to increase the amount of its offer. After
discussion, the board of directors determined that the
proposals of the first and second interested parties were unacceptable
based on price and the lack of protection on antitrust issues, but that the
company would consider a higher offer. Also at this meeting, the
board of directors directed Credit
Suisse First Boston to inform the first and second interested parties
of its determination and to contact Mr. Chabraja of General Dynamics and to indicate that the
board of directors would only consider an offer if it were at a significant premium to the
current stock price.



     As per our board of
directors' direction, Credit
Suisse First Boston contacted Mr. Chabraja
who indicated a desire to pursue the matter and a standstill and
confidentiality agreement was executed on May 31, 2003. A copy of our financial
data and a draft merger agreement were provided to representatives of
General Dynamics and, following its review of those documents, on June 4, 2003,
General Dynamics provided Credit
Suisse First Boston with comments to the draft merger agreement and
stated its preliminary indication of interest of $34.50 per share, all cash,
with no financing contingency but no reverse termination fee. The indication of
interest was conditioned on a management briefing to support the financial
projections, among other things.
Although not then a condition, General Dynamics also requested that our
principal stockholders and senior management enter into voting agreements to
vote their shares in favor of a merger and stated that it was considering
conditioning any offer on obtaining these agreements. The management
presentation was provided to representatives of General Dynamics later on June
4, 2003.

     On June 6, 2003, our board of directors met to consider the proposals made
to the company. Our senior management, representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston and a
representative from Andrews & Kurth were present at this meeting.
Representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston reviewed with the board of directors the status of the proposals made by the
first and second interested parties. Each party had reported that diligence was
substantially complete. The first interested party had written to confirm its
offer at $30 per share. The second interested party had not provided anything
in writing but indicated verbally that its $30 per share offer was still valid
and that it might consider at most a 10% increase in its offer. General
Dynamics confirmed its interest in our company at a price of $34.50
per share, although it had added as a condition the requirement of
obtaining voting agreements from our two principal stockholders with
representatives on the board of directors and from our Chairman and our President. A
representative of Credit
Suisse First Boston informed the board that all offers had been given
pursuant to notice of a final deadline. Also at this meeting, the
board of directors determined, after consultation with Credit Suisse
First Boston, that the process had
considered and given the opportunity to participate to all of the likely candidates
and that we had offers from the most viable of those candidates.

     Our Chief Financial
Officer then reviewed for the board of directors our financial data,
and discussed the recently announced
contract wins, the growth in our backlog, the operational synergies obtained
from integration of our recent acquisitions, particularly including the Signal
Corporation acquisition in the fall of 2002, the growth in the markets that we
serve and the fact that our segment of the industry was consolidating rapidly,
all of which was beginning to be reflected in the price of our stock, which had
closed the day before at $28.40 per share. He noted that the recent increases in the
trading multiples applicable to our stock had only brought those multiples in
line with our peers and that our performance and long-term potential probably justified a premium to
those peers.

     Our President then reviewed for the board of directors managements
assessment of each of the alternatives and concluded that management believed
that it could deliver on its promise of providing long-term sustainable value
to its stockholders at a discounted present value above $35.00 per share
although noting that there were risks associated with the actions required to
get there. The offers from the first two interested parties were, in his view,
clearly inadequate and therefore the decision before the board was for Veridian
to either remain independent or accept an offer from General Dynamics. Our
President then discussed managements obligations not only to stockholders, but
also to employees and customers, particularly given the national security
support activities of the company. Our President concluded that if the offer
from General Dynamics softened at all, or if the terms and conditions increased
the risks of a transaction closing, he would recommend against further
consideration of the offer.

     Our General Counsel then provided to the board a comparison of the
proposed merger agreements with each of the parties, reviewing in detail the
significant provisions of such agreements, including (i) the no-shop
provisions, (ii) our rights to pursue superior proposals following execution of
a merger agreement, (iii) conditions to closing, (iv) the definition of
material adverse effect, (v) contractual means to mitigate antitrust concerns,
(vi) termination fees and (vii) voting agreement
requirements. The board of directors asked
questions to satisfy itself that in each case it would have a reasonable
ability, even with voting agreements in place, to pursue a unsolicited superior
offer following the signing of a merger agreement. In addition, the
board of directors asked
questions regarding the antitrust issues presented with each potential acquiror
and was informed that General Dynamics probably provided the least concerns of
the three. Our General Counsel and the representative of Andrews & Kurth stated
that in discussions



with legal counsel for General Dynamics we had been told that if General
Dynamics were selected, it would consider accepting our proposal of a
termination fee payable by it if the transaction failed to close as a result of
antitrust issues by a date to be agreed upon.

     Also at this meeting,
the representatives
of Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed with our board of directors
our financial condition and prospects based on managements revised projections.

     After discussion, the
board of directors determined and directed that Credit Suisse First
Boston contact General
Dynamics with a counter offer of $35.00 per share and a request for a
reciprocal reverse termination fee if the transaction failed to close for
antitrust reasons by a date to be agreed upon. In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston was directed
by our board of directors to contact the second interested party and provide one additional opportunity
to make a best and final offer, but given the perceived antitrust issues with
that party, such an offer would have to be at a premium to the General Dynamics
offer to be considered.

     Following the
meeting, at the direction of our board of directors, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston contacted General Dynamics
and, subject to negotiation of the merger agreement and disclosure schedules
and certain other issues, the $35.00 per share offer was agreed upon along with
a reciprocal reverse termination fee payable by General Dynamics if the
transaction failed to close for antitrust reasons by December 31, 2003. Legal
representatives of both parties commenced final negotiations of the merger agreement
and the voting agreements and all documents were finalized on June 8,
2003.

     A special meeting of the board of the directors was held on the evening of
June 8, 2003 at which representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston and Andrews & Kurth were present.
Our President briefed the board of directors on the final results of negotiations with
General Dynamics, including a meeting between our President and Mr. Chabraja on
June 7, 2003, and that agreement had been reached on all
matters. In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston indicated that both of the first and second
interested parties had been contacted as per our board of
directors
instructions and that such parties had declined to increase their
respective offers and that no other alternative offer had been received from
any other party.

     Our General Counsel then presented a summary of the final terms and
conditions of the merger agreement negotiated with General Dynamics, making
reference to the draft circulated to the board earlier in the day. The
review included (i) the companys representations and warranties, (ii) the
conditions precedent to General Dynamics obligations to close, including
receiving antitrust approval from the government and the absence of any
circumstances resulting in a material adverse effect on Veridian, (iii) the
no-shop provisions limiting Veridians ability to seek out alternative buyers,
but preserving the boards right to exercise its fiduciary responsibility to
negotiate for and accept a superior offer should one arise, (iv) the
termination fees of $30 million, respectively payable by Veridian to General
Dynamics if Veridian accepts a superior offer, and by General Dynamics to Veridian if
antitrust approval was not obtained, and (v) the voting agreements.

     Also at this meeting, Credit Suisse First Boston
reviewed its financial analysis of the merger consideration and
rendered to our board of directors an oral
opinion (which opinion was confirmed by a written opinion dated June
9, 2003), to the effect that, as of that date and based on and
subject to the matters described in the opinion, the merger consideration to be received by holders of
our common stock was fair, from a financial point of view, to such
holders.

     After discussion and a consideration of all of the facts and
circumstances, the board of directors unanimously approved, with two directors
absent due to unavoidable prior commitments, the merger with General
Dynamics. On the morning of June 9, 2003, the merger agreement was executed by
General Dynamics and Veridian and the voting agreements referenced elsewhere in
this proxy were executed by the respective parties.

     The public announcement regarding the merger was made the morning of June
9, 2003, prior to the opening of trading on The New York Stock Exchange.

     At a regularly scheduled meeting of our board of directors held on June
11, 2003, where all directors were present, the board of directors unanimously ratified and
approved the merger with General Dynamics.



Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Our Board of Directors

     Our board of directors has unanimously determined that the merger with
General Dynamics is advisable, fair to and in the best interests of our
stockholders. The decision of the board of directors to approve and enter into the merger
agreement and to recommend that stockholders vote 
FOR 
the approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement was the result of careful consideration of
numerous factors by the board of directors, including, without limitation, the following:

Merger Consideration Premium.
 The $35.00 per share merger consideration
represents a premium of approximately 23% to the highest closing price of our
common stock prior to June 6, 2003, the last trading day before the public
announcement of the signing of the merger agreement, approximately 28% to the
closing price of our common stock on June 6, 2003 and approximately 50% to the
average daily closing price of our common stock over the 30 trading day period
ended June 6, 2003.

Conditions to Closing.
 The absence of a financing condition to the
merger and the perceived ability of General Dynamics, as compared to other
potential acquirors, to obtain the regulatory approvals required to complete
the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Ability to Accept a Superior Proposal.
 The provisions of the merger
agreement that permit the board to consider an unsolicited superior proposal to
comply with the boards fiduciary duties to our stockholders.

Termination Fee.
 The provisions of the merger agreement that require
General Dynamics to pay Veridian a $30 million termination fee and reimburse up
to $500,000 of Veridians aggregate expenses if the merger does not close as a
result of failure to receive clearance under the antitrust laws by December 31,
2003.

Value of Other Alternatives.
 A comparison of the merger consideration and
the other terms and conditions of the proposed merger agreement with General
Dynamics and the proposals provided by the other interested parties as well as
our own plans had we remained independent and the view of the board, based in
part upon the limited likelihood of a superior offer arising for Veridian.

Opinion.
 The
opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston regarding the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of our
common stock is described more fully under the caption Opinion
of Our Financial Advisor on page 27.

Independence Risks.
 The board of directors believed that a sale to
General Dynamics was more favorable to our stockholders than remaining
independent based on the potential value of such alternative and the risks
associated with remaining independent. The main strategic and operational risks
associated with Veridian remaining independent include:



risks associated with winning
new contracts and generating organic revenue growth;



risks associated with
performing our contracts, executing our business, and maintaining and increasing profit margins; and



risks associated with finding suitable acquisition
candidates, consummating acquisitions at acceptable prices, and
integrating such acquisitions.

     In determining that a sale to General Dynamics was more favorable to our
stockholders than remaining independent, the board considered the merger
consideration offered by General Dynamics as compared to the range of potential
values if Veridian remained independent, as well as the boards perception that
the risk associated with



consummating the sale to General Dynamics was lower than the risks
associated with achieving a competitive value through Veridian remaining
independent.

Strategic Fit.
 Our management advised our board of directors that it
believed the strategic fit with General Dynamics would be excellent, given the
complementary rather than the competitive nature of our respective businesses.
In addition, General Dynamics expressed an intention to retain all of our
businesses.

Employee and Customer Impact.
 Management advised our board of directors
that it believed that the operating style and culture of General Dynamics would
be well received by our employees and would increase the likelihood of a
non-disruptive integration process. Management also believed that General
Dynamics focus on customer service excellence would resonate well with our
employees, would result in a high rate of retention of our employees, and would
therefore minimize any disruption in the support of our customers.

Process.
 The results of the thorough process conducted by Veridian for evaluating the strategic alternatives, the offers
received and making certain that all reasonable alternatives and
likely acquisition candidates were pursued.

Proposals.
 The overall assessment of each of the proposals submitted by
interested parties. In considering the proposals submitted, the board took
into account the value of each proposal, the form of consideration proposed,
the termination fees payable in the event that a more favorable transaction was
received following the execution of a definitive agreement and the risks
associated with the proposed transactions. Such transaction risks related
primarily to the timing and the certainty that the proposed transaction would
be consummated, based upon regulatory risks and proposed conditions for
consummation of the transaction. Based on these considerations, the board
believed that General Dynamicss proposal was more favorable to our
stockholders than any other proposal considered.

     Our board of directors also identified and considered the following
potentially negative factors in its deliberations:

Disruptions.
 The possible disruption to our businesses that may result
from the announcement of the transaction and the resulting distraction of
management attention from the day-to-day operations of our businesses.

Operating Restrictions.
 The restrictions contained in the merger
agreement on the operation of our businesses during the period between the
signing of the merger agreement and the completion of the merger.

Integration Risks.
 The difficulty inherent in integrating our businesses
with those of General Dynamics.

Regulatory.
 The possibility of significant costs, delays and
non-consummation of the merger resulting from seeking the regulatory approvals
necessary for the consummation of the merger.

Termination Fee.
 The $30 million, plus costs, termination fee to be paid
to General Dynamics if the merger agreement is terminated under circumstances
specified in the merger agreement.

     Although the foregoing discussion sets forth the material factors
considered by our board of directors in reaching its recommendation, it may not
include all of the factors considered by the board, and each director may have
considered different factors. In view of the variety of factors and the amount
of information considered, the board did not find it practicable to, and did
not, make specific assessments of, quantify or otherwise assign relative
weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its determination. The
determination was made after consideration of all of the factors as a whole and
as a result of numerous meetings.

The board of directors has unanimously determined that the merger
agreement with General Dynamics is advisable, fair to and in the best interests
of our stockholders. Accordingly, the board of directors unanimously
recommends that the stockholders vote FOR the approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.



Opinion of Our Financial Advisor

     Credit Suisse First Boston has acted as Veridians exclusive financial
advisor in connection with the merger. Veridian selected Credit Suisse First Boston based on Credit Suisse First Bostons
experience, reputation and familiarity with Veridian. Credit Suisse First Boston is an
internationally recognized investment banking firm and is regularly engaged in
the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

     In connection with Credit Suisse First Bostons engagement, Veridian requested that Credit Suisse First Boston
evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration
provided for in the merger to the holders of Veridian common stock. On June 8,
2003, at a meeting of the Veridian board of directors held to evaluate the
merger, Credit Suisse First Boston delivered to the Veridian board of directors an oral opinion,
which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated June 9,
2003, the date of the merger agreement, to the effect that, as of June 9,
2003, and based on and subject to the matters described in its opinion, the per share
merger consideration to be received by holders of Veridian common stock was
fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of Credit Suisse First Bostons written opinion, dated June 9, 2003, to the
Veridian board of directors, which sets forth the procedures followed,
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken,
is attached as Annex B and is incorporated into this proxy statement by
reference. Holders of Veridian common stock are encouraged to read this
opinion carefully and in its entirety. Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion is addressed to the
Veridian board of directors and relates only to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, of the merger consideration to be received by the holders of
Veridian common stock in the merger, does not address any other aspect of the
proposed merger or any related transaction and does not constitute a
recommendation to any stockholder as to any matter relating to the proposed
merger. The summary of Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion in this proxy statement is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

     In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the merger agreement and related
documents as well as publicly available business and financial information
relating to Veridian. Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed certain other information relating to
Veridian, including financial forecasts, provided to or discussed with Credit Suisse First Boston by
Veridian, and met with the management of Veridian to discuss the business and
prospects of Veridian. Credit Suisse First Boston considered financial and stock market data of
Veridian and compared those data with similar data for other publicly-traded
companies in businesses similar to Veridian and considered, to the extent
publicly available, the financial terms of other transactions that have been
effected. Credit Suisse First Boston also considered other information, financial studies, analyses
and investigations and financial, economic and market criteria that it deemed
relevant.

     In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did not assume any responsibility for
independent verification of any of the information that it reviewed or
considered and relied on that information being complete and accurate in all
material respects. With respect to financial forecasts for Veridian, Credit Suisse First Boston was
advised and assumed that the forecasts were reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of Veridians
management as to the future financial performance of Veridian. Veridian also
advised Credit Suisse First Boston, and Credit Suisse First Boston assumed, that in the course of obtaining the necessary
regulatory and third-party approvals and consents for the proposed merger, no
modification, delay, limitation, restriction or condition would be imposed that
would have a material adverse effect on the proposed merger and that the merger
would be consummated in its entirety in accordance with the terms of the merger
agreement without waiver, amendment or modification of any material term,
condition or agreement.

     In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to, and did not, make an independent
evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise,
of Veridian, nor was Credit Suisse First Boston furnished with any evaluations or appraisals. Credit Suisse First Bostons
opinion was necessarily based on information available to it, and financial,
economic, market and other conditions as they existed and could be evaluated,
on the date of Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion. In connection with its engagement, Credit Suisse First Boston was
requested to solicit indications of interest from, and held preliminary
discussions with, third parties regarding the possible acquisition of all or a
part of Veridian. Although Credit Suisse First Boston evaluated the merger consideration from a
financial point of view, Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to, and did not, recommend the
specific consideration payable in the merger, which consideration was
determined between Veridian and General Dynamics. Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion did not
address the relative merits of the merger as compared to other business
strategies that might



have been available to Veridian, and also did not address Veridians
underlying business decision to proceed with the merger. Except as described
above, Veridian imposed no other limitations on Credit Suisse First Boston with respect to the
investigations made or procedures followed in rendering its opinion.

     In preparing its opinion to the Veridian board of directors, Credit Suisse First Boston
performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses, including those
described below. The summary of Credit Suisse First Bostons analyses described below is not a
complete description of the analyses underlying its opinion. The preparation
of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving various determinations as
to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of those methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, a
fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description. In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston made qualitative judgments as to
the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor that it considered.
Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Boston believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and
that selecting portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on information
presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors or
the narrative description of the analyses, could create a misleading or
incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and opinion.

     In its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston considered industry performance, general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are
beyond the control of Veridian. No company, transaction or business used in
Credit Suisse First Bostons analyses as a comparison is identical to Veridian or the proposed
merger, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses is not entirely
mathematical. Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and
judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors
that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the
companies, business segments or transactions analyzed. The estimates contained
in Credit Suisse First Bostons analyses and the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of
future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than those suggested by the analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the
value of businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect
the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold.
Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Bostons analyses and estimates are inherently subject to
substantial uncertainty.

     Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion and financial analyses were only one of many factors
considered by the Veridian board of directors in its evaluation of the proposed
merger and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Veridian
board of directors or management with respect to the merger or the merger
consideration.

     The following is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying
Credit Suisse First Bostons written opinion dated June 9, 2003 delivered to the Veridian board of
directors in connection with the merger. 
The financial analyses summarized
below include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully
understand Credit Suisse First Bostons financial analyses, the tables must be read together with the
text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses. Considering the data in the tables
below without considering the full narrative description of the financial
analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses,
could create a misleading or incomplete view of Credit Suisse First Bostons financial analyses.

     Credit Suisse First Boston performed each of the following analyses for Veridian under two
cases, referred to as Case I and Case II, both of which were based on internal
estimates of Veridians management. The Case II financial forecasts for
Veridian, which reflected revised market guidance provided by Veridians
management on May 29, 2003, included adjustments to the Case I financial
forecasts based on better than expected April 2003 financial results, recent
contract renewals and extensions, expectations of improved operating margins,
the pre-payment of Veridians $25 million 9.5% subordinated note and a lower
effective tax rate.

Selected Companies Analysis. 
Using publicly available information, Credit Suisse First Boston
reviewed the financial, operating and stock market data of the following
selected publicly traded corporations in the defense services industry:



CACI International Inc



Anteon International Corporation





SRA International Inc.



Titan Corporation



ManTech International Corporation



MTC Technologies, Inc.

     Credit Suisse First
Boston compared enterprise values of Veridian and the selected companies as
multiples of estimated calendar years 2003 and 2004 sales, earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, commonly referred to as EBITDA,
and earnings before interest and taxes, commonly referred to as EBIT, to the
extent publicly available in the case of the selected companies. Credit Suisse First
Boston also
compared equity values of Veridian and the selected companies as multiples of
estimated calendar years 2003 and 2004 price to earnings, commonly referred to
as EPS, to the extent publicly available in the case of the selected companies.
Estimated financial data for the selected companies were based on publicly
available research analysts estimates. Credit Suisse First
Boston then applied a range of selected
multiples derived from the selected companies to the corresponding financial
data for Veridian under both Case I and Case II. All multiples were based on
closing stock prices on April 25, 2003, in the case of Case I, and June 6,
2003, in the case of Case II. This analysis indicated the following implied
per share equity reference ranges for Veridian, as compared to the per share
merger consideration in the merger of $35.00:

Case I

Case II

Implied Per Share

Equity Reference Range

$

20 - $24

$

23 - $28

Precedent Transactions Analysis. 
Using publicly available information,
Credit Suisse First
Boston reviewed the implied enterprise values of the following 24 selected
transactions in the defense services industry:

Acquiror

Target

 Anteon International Corporation

 Information Spectrum, Inc.

 ManTech International Corporation

 Integrated Data Systems

 SRA International Inc.

 Adroit Systems, Inc.

 Computer Sciences Corporation

 DynCorp

 ManTech International Corporation

 CTX Corporation

 Veridian Corporation

 Signal Corporation

 Northrop Grumman

 TRW Inc.

 ManTech International Corporation

 Aegis Research Corporation

 Titan Corporation

 BTG, Inc.

 General Dynamics

 Motorola Inc.s Integrated Information

   Systems Group

 Northrop Grumman Corporation

 Federal Data Corporation

 The Boeing Company

 Autometric Inc.

 Northrop Grumman Corporation

 Comptek Research, Inc.

 Titan Corporation

 AverStar, Inc.

 AT&T Corp.

 GRC International Inc.

 Titan Corporation

 Advanced Communication Systems, Inc.

 Computer Sciences Corporation

 Nichols Research Corporation

 General Electric Company, p.l.c

 Tracor, Inc.

 Litton Industries, Inc.

 TASC Inc. (Primark)

 TRW Inc.

 BDM International, Inc.

 Affiliated Computer Services, Inc.

 Computer Data Systems, Inc.

 Northrop Grumman Corporation

 Logicon, Inc.

 Litton Industries, Inc.

 PRC (Black & Decker)

 Ford Motor Companys Ford Aerospace

 BDM International, Inc.



     Credit Suisse First Boston compared enterprise values in the selected transactions as multiples
of the latest 12 months sales, EBITDA and EBIT, to the extent publicly
available. Credit Suisse First Boston then derived an implied enterprise reference range for
Veridian by applying a range of selected multiples derived from the selected
transactions to the corresponding pro forma financial data for Veridian for the
12 month period ended March 31, 2003, under Case I, and April 30, 2003 under
Case II. All multiples for the selected transactions were based on publicly
available financial information. This analysis indicated the following implied
per share equity reference ranges for Veridian, as compared to the per share
merger consideration in the merger of $35.00:

Case I

Case II

Implied Per Share

Equity Reference Range

$20 - $27

$22 - $30

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. 
Credit Suisse First Boston performed a discounted cash flow
analysis of Veridian to calculate the estimated present value of the
stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Veridian could generate
over calendar years 2003 through 2007 under both Case I and Case II. Credit Suisse First Boston
applied a range of EBITDA terminal value multiples of 9.5x to 11.5x, under Case
I, and 10.0x to 12.0x, under Case II, to Veridians calendar year 2007
estimated EBITDA under each case. The present value of the cash flows and
terminal values for each case were calculated using discount rates ranging from
10.0% to 12.0%. This analysis indicated the following implied per share equity
reference ranges for Veridian, as compared to the per share merger
consideration in the merger of $35.00:

Case I

Case II

Implied Per Share

Equity Reference Range

$24 - $33

$29 - $38

Other Factors. 
In the course of preparing its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed
and considered other information and data, including the historical price
performance of Veridian common stock and the relationship between movements in
Veridian common stock and the S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite Index and selected
companies in the defense services industry.

Miscellaneous. 
Veridian has agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston customary fees for its
financial advisory services in connection with the merger. Veridian also has
agreed to reimburse Credit Suisse First Boston for its out-of-pocket expenses, including the
reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel and any other advisor retained by
Credit Suisse First Boston, and to indemnify Credit Suisse First Boston and related parties against liabilities, including
liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising out of its engagement.

     From time to time, Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates have provided investment
banking and other financial services to Veridian unrelated to the proposed
merger, for which services Credit Suisse First Boston has received compensation.
Specifically, Credit Suisse First Boston was the lead underwriter of our initial public
offering, which was consummated in June 2002. In connection with the
offering, Credit Suisse First Boston earned underwriting discounts and commissions and other
fees. In addition, an
officer of Credit Suisse First Boston is a member of the board of directors of Veridian, and funds
affiliated or associated with Credit Suisse First Boston have a direct or indirect interest in a
stockholder of Veridian. In the ordinary course of business, Credit Suisse First Boston and its
affiliates may actively trade the securities of both Veridian and General
Dynamics for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in those securities.

Interests of Veridians Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

     In addition to their interests in the merger as stockholders, certain of
our executive officers and directors have interests in the merger that differ
from, or are in addition to, your interests as a stockholder. In considering
the recommendation of our board of directors in favor of the merger, you should
be aware of these interests. You should keep these interests in mind when
considering the recommendation of our board of directors for the proposal to
approve and adopt the merger agreement. Our board of directors was aware of,
and considered the interests of, our directors and executive officers in
approving the merger agreement and the merger. All interests are described



 below, to the extent material, and except as described below such persons
have, to our knowledge, no material interest in the merger that differ from
your interests generally.

Stock Options. 
The merger agreement provides that all holders of
unexpired and unexercised options to purchase our common stock that are
outstanding at the effective time of the merger, whether or not vested or
forfeitable, will have the right to receive, in exchange for the cancellation
of such options, an amount in cash equal to the product of the number of shares
of our common stock subject to the option and the amount by which $35.00, the
merger consideration, exceeds the exercise price of the option. All amounts
payable to such holders are treated as compensation and are net of applicable
state and federal withholding taxes.

     Based on the number and exercise prices of options held on the record date
by our executive officers and directors as set forth in the following table,
our executive officers and directors will receive approximately the following
amounts (before any applicable withholding taxes) in settlement of their
respective options if the merger is completed.

Number of

Option Shares Weighted

Option Settlement

Name

Option Shares

Average Exercise Price

Amount

Executive Officers and

Employee Directors

Dr. Joseph P. Allen, IV

41,771

$

4.93

$

1,256,010

David H. Langstaff

556,469

$

19.57

$

8,588,404

James P. Allen

178,918

$

18.86

$

2,887,856

Dr. Robert M. Farrell

103,150

$

18.26

$

1,726,241

Scott M. Goss

60,000

$

22.86

$

728,400

Dr. Michael G. Hansen

70,490

$

16.49

$

1,304,850

Jerald S. Howe, Jr.

174,750

$

18.51

$

2,881,280

Keith E. Jackson

127,441

$

15.26

$

2,515,384

Ronald C. Jones

77,880

$

17.51

$

1,362,120

Phillip E. Lacombe

46,550

$

13.70

$

991,382

S. Mark Monticelli

10,640

$

20.36

$

155,756

Robert A. Pattishall

109,800

$

17.78

$

1,891,261

Non-Employee Directors

Michael A. Bell

18,290

$

20.58

$

263,718

Dr. Joel S. Birnbaum

18,290

$

12.49

$

411,680

Russell P. Fradin

7,650

$

17.33

$

135,200

George R. Horning

7,650

$

19.10

$

121,635

James
J. Kozlowski(1)

18,290

$

20.58

$

263,718

Lynn Amato Madonna

17,975

$

9.85

$

452,101

Dr. Sally K. Ride

18,290

$

12.49

$

411,680

Charles J. Simons

17,975

$

6.39

$

514,257

(1

)

These options are held by
TGF II Management, L.P. for the benefit of Mr. Kozlowski.

Severance
Policies. 
On June 6, 2003, our board of directors, based on
the recommendation of the Compensation & Corporate Governance Committee,
made after consultation with an independent compensation consultant
approved a revised severance policies, including the severance policy
applicable to
certain of our executive officers, including our chairman of the board of
directors, who are not parties to employment agreements with us. The severance
policies provide benefits in lieu of, and not in addition to, any severance
payments otherwise available under Veridians existing severance policies. Our
executive officers that are covered by these severance policies include Dr.
Joseph P. Allen, IV, our chairman of the board, S. Mark Monticelli, our vice
president and controller and Phillip Lacombe, our former senior vice president,
strategic initiatives. The severance policy provides for benefits for each of
the executives only:



in the case of the merger with General Dynamics (or any
superior transaction submitted by another party in the wake of the
public announcement of the merger and approved by our board of
directors);



if within two years following the merger (or superior
transaction), the executives (i) employment is terminated by the
surviving corporation other than for cause (as defined in the
Veridian



Corporation 2003 Stock
Incentive Plan), (ii) main responsibilities
are substantially reduced, (iii) principal duty office, if changed,
requires a residential relocation or (iv) base compensation is
significantly reduced;



if the executive has previously committed to remaining with
the surviving corporation after the merger, on terms and conditions
to be mutually agreed; and



the executive executes and delivers a formal release of
liability on the part of the surviving corporation.

     The severance policy applicable to the executives includes the lump-sum
payment, net of all applicable tax withholding requirements, of one
times each respective
executives annual base salary. In addition, the executives will each receive
up to six months of outplacement services. The executives will also receive an
amount equal to each respective executives incentive compensation for the current year, at
exactly target bonus level, but pro-rated for that portion of the year during
which the executive remained employed, plus an amount equal to
one-half of each respective executives 2003 incentive compensation target bonus. The executives will
also receive an amount equal to twelve months of benefits continuation,
including standard medical, dental and vision COBRA costs.

     Based on current salary and target bonus levels of our executives, Messrs.
Allen, Lacombe and Monticelli would receive approximately $291,452,
$419,577 and $236,452, respectively,
pursuant to the severance policy upon a qualifying termination of employment as
set forth above.

Employment
Agreements. 
Effective as of June 7, 2003, we entered into amended and
restated employment agreements with certain of our executive officers,
including Messrs. Langstaff, James P. Allen, Howe, Jones, Hansen, Jackson,
Farrell, Pattishall and Goss. The amended and restated agreements
were modified to provide for severance payments to each of these
executive officers that would be triggered by termination of
employment of an executive under certain circumstances following a
change of control of Veridian as described below. The severance
arrangements reflected in the amended and restated agreements were
approved by our board of directors based on the recommendation of the
Compensation & Corporate Governance Committee made after
consultation
with an independent compensation consultant. Each of these agreements, prior to their
amendment and restatement, was for a six-month initial term. Upon the
expiration of the initial term, the previous agreements were automatically
renewed for a term of six months. As amended and restated, on each semi-annual
anniversary thereafter, the agreements will be automatically renewed for an
additional term of six months, unless at least 60 days prior to the
automatic renewal date, either party gives written notice of the intent not to
renew. However, upon a change of control, the first renewal date thereafter
shall be the second anniversary of the date of the event constituting the
change of control and the renewal term immediately following the change of
control shall be for a term of two years from the date of the event
constituting the change of control. Each of the executive officers has the
right to participate in all employee benefit plans offered to other senior
executives. During the term of their employment and for a period of six months
after the executives voluntary termination or termination for cause, the
executive will be subject to the employment agreements non-competition,
non-solicitation and confidentiality requirements.

     We may terminate the employment agreements at any time for cause (as
defined in the employment agreements), without cause, or upon death or
disability of the executive before the expiration of the terms of the
agreements. The executives may terminate their employment for good reason (as
defined in the employment agreements) upon thirty days prior written notice. We
may also terminate any of the executives without cause upon 30 days prior
written notice. Upon termination of an executives employment by such executive
for good reason (as



 defined in the employment agreements) or by the surviving corporation
following the consummation of the merger, other than for cause, in each case during the two year
period following the merger, each executive is entitled to receive: (i) all
salary and other compensation and vested benefits accrued but unpaid as of the
date of termination; (ii) outplacement services for a period of one year
following the date of termination or until the executives obtains a comparable
position, whichever occurs first; and (iii) full vesting of all outstanding
unvested options to acquire our common stock held by the executives. Payments
made in connection with such terminations are in lieu of any other payment or
severance benefit plan, program or arrangement maintained by us.

     Upon termination of Mr. Langstaffs employment by him for good reason or
by the surviving corporation following the consummation of the merger other
than for cause, in each case during the two year period following the merger,
then Mr. Langstaff is entitled to receive in addition to the items listed
above: (i) a pro rata portion (based on the number of days in the year prior to
the termination) of his incentive compensation target bonus for the year in
which the termination occurs, determined without regard to whether Mr.
Langstaff remained employed through the end of the year and assuming full
realization of his incentive compensation goals and metrics; (ii) a lump-sum
severance payment in an amount equal to three times the sum of Mr. Langstaffs
annual salary and full incentive compensation target bonus then in effect; and
(iii) a lump-sum representing a medical benefit continuation payment equal to
the COBRA premium for family coverage under our standard medical, dental and
vision group health plans in effect at the time of the termination for a period
of three years.

     Upon termination of Messrs. James Allens, Howes and Jones employment by
them for good reason or by the surviving corporation following the consummation
of the merger other than for cause, in each case during the two year period
following the merger
, 
then the executives are entitled to receive in addition
to the items listed above: (i) a pro rata portion (based on the number of days
in the year prior to the termination) of their respective incentive
compensation target bonus for the year in which the termination occurs,
determined without regard to whether the executives remained employed through
the end of the year and assuming full realization of their respective incentive
compensation goals and metrics; (ii) a lump-sum severance payment in an amount
equal to two and one-half times the sum of their respective annual salary and
full incentive compensation target bonus then in effect; and
(iii) a lump-sum
representing a medical benefit continuation payment equal to the COBRA premium
for family coverage under our standard medical, dental and vision group health
plans in effect at the time of the termination for a period of two and one-half
years.

     Upon termination of Mr. Hansens employment by him for good reason or by
the surviving corporation following the consummation of the merger other than
for cause, in each case during the two year period following the merger, then
Mr. Hansen is entitled to receive in addition to the items listed above: (i) a
pro rata portion (based on the number of days in the year prior to the
termination) of his incentive compensation target bonus for the year in which
the termination occurs, determined without regard to whether Mr. Hansen
remained employed through the end of the year and assuming full realization of
his incentive compensation goals and metrics; (ii) a lump-sum severance payment
in an amount equal to two times the sum of Mr. Hansens annual salary and full
incentive compensation target bonus then in effect; and (iii) a
lump-sum
representing a medical benefit continuation payment equal to the COBRA premium
for family coverage under our standard medical, dental and vision group health
plans in effect at the time of the termination for a period of two years.

     In the event that the total payments due to Messrs. Langstaff, James
Allen, Howe, Jones and Hansen following termination of their employment
discussed above, whether under the employment agreement (excluding accrued but
unpaid salary as of the termination date) or any other agreement with us,
become or are subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any other similar tax, we will pay the
executives an additional amount in cash so that the net amount
retained by each executive after deduction of any excise tax upon the
total payments each is entitled to receive under the employment agreement and any federal, state and
local income tax and excise tax upon the gross-up payment (including FICA and
FUTA) will equal the total payments each is entitled to receive under their
respective employment agreements.

     Upon termination of Messrs. Jacksons, Farrells or Pattishalls
employment by them for good reason or by the surviving corporation following
the consummation of the merger other than for cause, in each case during the
two year period following the merger
, 
then the executives are entitled to
receive in addition to the items listed above: (i) their respective full
incentive compensation target bonus for the year in which the termination
occurs, determined without regard to whether the executives remained employed
through the end of the year and assuming



 full realization of their respective incentive compensation goals and
metrics; (ii) a lump-sum severance payment in an amount equal to two times
their respective annual salaries then in effect; and (iii) a
lump-sum
representing a medical benefit continuation payment equal to the COBRA premium
for family coverage under our standard medical, dental and vision group health
plans in effect at the time of the termination for a period of two years.

     Upon termination of Mr. Goss employment by him for good reason or by the
surviving corporation following the consummation of the merger other than for
cause, in each case during the two year period following the merger, then Mr.
Goss is entitled to receive in addition to the items listed above: (i) his full
incentive compensation target bonus for the year in which the termination
occurs, determined without regard to whether Mr. Goss remained employed through
the end of the year and assuming full realization of his incentive compensation
goals and metrics; (ii) a lump-sum severance payment in an amount equal to one
and one-half times Mr. Goss annual salary then in effect; and (iii) a lump sum
representing a medical benefit continuation payment equal to the COBRA premium
for family coverage under our standard medical, dental and vision group health
plans in effect at the time of the termination for a period of one and one-half
years.

     Upon the consummation of the merger and assuming the termination of each
executives employment upon a change of control, the executive officers will
receive the following amounts pursuant to the terms of their
respective employment
agreements (including any applicable excise, withholding and other taxes).

Gross Amount Received Pursuant

Name of Executive

to Employment Agreement

David H. Langstaff

$6,275,072

James P. Allen

$2,519,727

Jerald S. Howe, Jr.

$2,514,187

Ronald C. Jones

$2,193,015

Dr. Michael G. Hansen

$1,434,649

Dr. Robert Farrell

$773,904

Robert A. Pattishall

$773,904

Keith Jackson

$773,904

Scott M. Goss

$791,428

Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance. 
Pursuant to the
merger agreement, General Dynamics has agreed to cause Veridian, as the
surviving corporation, to maintain indemnification provisions, including,
without limitation, provisions for expense advances for present and former
Veridian officers and directors, in Veridians certificate of incorporation and
bylaws to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law.
General Dynamics has also agreed that, for a period of six years after the
effective time of the merger, it will cause Veridian, as the surviving
corporation, to maintain Veridians current directors and officers insurance
and indemnification policy and related arrangements, or an equivalent policy or
related arrangements no less advantageous to the present and former Veridian
directors and officers than the current policy and arrangements, covering
claims made and insurable events with respect to matters arising or omissions
occurring prior to, or existing at, the effective time of the merger. However,
if the aggregate annual cost of maintaining the directors and officers
insurance and indemnification policy is greater than 150% of the annual cost of
maintaining Veridians current policy, then the surviving
corporation, must maintain such policy up to an annual cost of 150% of the
current annual cost.

Voting
Agreements.
  Certain of our directors and executive officers and their affiliated
entities have also entered into voting agreements with General Dynamics and its
acquisition subsidiary pursuant to which they have agreed, among other things,
to vote their shares of Veridian common stock in favor of the merger agreement.
See Voting Agreements on page 50.

Relationship with Credit
Suisse First Boston
. Mr. George R. Hornig, one of our directors, is a Managing Director and
Chief Operating Officer of Credit Suisse First Bostons Private Equity
Division, an affiliate of Credit Suisse First Boston LLC, our financial advisor
in connection with the merger. Mr. Hornig recused himself from the decision to
retain Credit Suisse First Boston as our financial advisor in connection with
the merger.

Appraisal Rights

     The discussion below is not a complete summary regarding your appraisal
rights under Delaware law and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
text of the relevant provisions of Delaware law, which are attached to this
proxy statement as 
Annex C
. Stockholders intending to exercise appraisal rights
should carefully review 
Annex C
. Failure to follow precisely any of the
statutory procedures set forth in 
Annex C 
may result in a termination or waiver
of these rights.

     If the merger is completed, dissenting holders of our common stock who
follow the procedures specified in Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, or DGCL, within the appropriate time periods will be entitled
to have their shares of our common stock appraised and receive the fair value
of such shares in cash as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery in lieu
of the consideration that such stockholder would otherwise be entitled to
receive under the merger agreement.



     The following is a brief summary of Section 262 of the DGCL, which
explains the procedures for dissenting from the merger and demanding statutory
appraisal rights. Failure to precisely follow the procedures described in
Section 262 could result in the loss of appraisal rights. This proxy statement
constitutes notice to holders of our common stock concerning the availability
of appraisal rights under Section 262. A stockholder of record wishing to
assert appraisal rights must hold the shares of stock on the date of making a
demand for appraisal rights with respect to such shares and must continuously
hold such shares through the effective time of the merger.

     Stockholders who desire to exercise their appraisal rights must satisfy
all of the conditions of Section 262. A written demand for appraisal of shares
must be filed with Veridian before the special meeting of stockholders on
August 7, 2003. A proxy or vote against the approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will not constitute a written demand for appraisal within the meaning
of Section 262. Stockholders electing to exercise their appraisal rights must
not vote 
FOR 
the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 
Also, because
a submitted proxy not marked AGAINST or ABSTAIN will be voted FOR the
proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the submission of a proxy
not marked AGAINST or ABSTAIN will result in the waiver of appraisal rights. A
stockholder that has not submitted a proxy will not waive his or her appraisal
rights solely by abstaining if the stockholder satisfies all other provisions
of Section 262 of the DGCL.

     A demand for appraisal must be executed by or for the stockholder of
record, fully and correctly, as such stockholders name appears on the stock
certificate. If the shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as
by a trustee, guardian or custodian, this demand must be executed by or for the
fiduciary. If the shares are owned by or for more than one person, as in a
joint tenancy or tenancy in common, such demand must be executed by or for all
joint owners. An authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint
owners, may execute the demand for appraisal for a stockholder of record.
However, the agent must identify the record owner and expressly disclose the
fact that, in exercising the demand, he is acting as agent for the record
owner. A person having a beneficial interest in our common stock held of record
in the name of another person, such as a broker or nominee, must act promptly
to cause the record holder to follow the steps summarized below in a timely
manner to perfect whatever appraisal rights the beneficial owners may have.

     A stockholder who elects to exercise appraisal rights should mail or
deliver his, her or its written demand to Veridian Corporation at our principal
executive offices at 1200 South Hayes Street, Suite 1100, Arlington, Virginia
22202, Attention: Secretary. The written demand for appraisal should specify
the stockholders name and mailing address, and that the stockholder is thereby
demanding appraisal of his or her shares of Veridian common stock.
Within 10 days after the effective time of the merger, we will provide notice of the
effective time of the merger to all of our stockholders who have complied with
Section 262 and have not voted for the merger.

     Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger (but not
thereafter), any stockholder who has satisfied the requirements of Section 262
may deliver to us a written demand for a statement listing the aggregate number
of shares not voted in favor of the merger and with respect to which demands
for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such
shares. Veridian, as the surviving corporation in the merger, must mail such
written statement to the stockholder within ten days after the stockholders
request is received by Veridian or within ten days after the latest date for
delivery of a demand for appraisal under Section 262, whichever is later.

     Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger (but not
thereafter), either Veridian or any stockholder who has complied with the
required conditions of Section 262 and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal
rights may file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a
determination of the fair value of the Veridian shares of stockholders entitled
to appraisal rights. Veridian has no present intention to file such a petition
if a demand for appraisal is made.

     Upon the filing of a petition in the Delaware Count of Chancery by a
stockholder demanding a determination of the fair value of Veridians stock,
service of a copy must be made upon Veridian, which must, within 20 days after
service, file in the office of the Register in Chancery in which the petition
was filed, a duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all
stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and with whom
agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached by Veridian.
If we file a petition, the petition must be accompanied by the duly verified
list. The Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the court, will give notice of
the time and place fixed for the hearing of such petition by registered or
certified mail to us and to the



 stockholders shown on the list at the addresses therein stated, and notice
will also be given by publishing a notice at least one week before the day of
the hearing in a newspaper of general circulation published in the City of
Wilmington, Delaware, or such publication as the court deems advisable. The
court must approve the forms of the notices by mail and by publication, and we
must bear the costs of the notices.

     At the hearing on the petition, the Delaware Court of Chancery will
determine which stockholders have become entitled to appraisal rights. The
court may require the stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their
shares (and who hold stock represented by certificates) to submit their stock
certificates to the Register in Chancery for notation of the pendency of the
appraisal proceedings and the Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss the
proceedings as to any stockholder that fails to comply with such direction.

     After determining which
stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights, the court will appraise the shares
owned by these stockholders, determining the fair value of such shares,
exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the merger, together with a fair rate of interest to be paid, if
any, upon the amount determined to be the fair value. The court will take into
account all relevant factors in determining the fair value of the shares of
Veridian common stock. Our stockholders considering seeking appraisal of their
shares should note that the fair value of their shares determined under Section
262 could be more, the same or less than the consideration they would receive
pursuant to the merger agreement if they did not seek appraisal of their
shares.

     The costs of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the court and
taxed against the parties as the court deems equitable under the circumstances.
Upon application of a dissenting stockholder, the court may order that all or a
portion of the expenses incurred by any dissenting stockholder in connection
with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata
against the value of all shares entitled to appraisal.

     No stockholder who has duly demanded appraisal in compliance with Section
262, and has not properly withdrawn such demand, will, after the effective time
of the merger, be entitled to vote for any purpose the shares subject to demand
or to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on such shares,
except for dividends or distributions payable to stockholders of record at a
date prior to the effective time of the merger.

     At any time within 60 days after the effective time of the merger, any
stockholder will have the right to withdraw his demand for appraisal and to
accept the terms offered in the merger agreement. After this period, a
stockholder may withdraw his demand for appraisal and receive payment for his
shares as provided in the merger agreement only with our consent. If no
petition for appraisal is filed with the court within 120 days after the
effective time of the merger, the stockholders rights to appraisal (if
available) will cease. Inasmuch as we have no obligation to file such a
petition, any stockholder who desires a petition to be filed is advised to file
it on a timely basis. No petition timely filed in the court demanding appraisal
may be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the court, which
approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the court deems just.

     Failure by any Veridian stockholder to comply fully with the procedures
set forth in 
Annex C 
to this proxy statement may result in termination of such
stockholders appraisal rights.

Source of Funds

     The merger is not conditioned upon General Dynamics obtaining financing.
Approximately $1.28 billion will be required to provide the
consideration for shares of our common stock pursuant to the merger agreement
and to cash out outstanding and unexercised stock options and warrants. General
Dynamics has informed us that the aggregate merger consideration will be
financed through a combination of existing cash reserves, the issuance of
commercial paper and additional borrowings under existing credit facilities.

Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock

     If the merger is completed, our common stock will be delisted from The New
York Stock Exchange and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, at the effective time of the merger.



Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

     The following is a summary of certain United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger to our stockholders who exchange their Veridian
common stock for cash in the merger. This summary is based upon the provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, applicable current and
proposed United States Treasury Regulations, judicial authority and
administrative rulings and practice, all of which are subject to change,
possibly on a retroactive basis, at any time. This discussion does not address
all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be relevant to a
particular stockholder of ours in light of that stockholders particular
circumstances, or to a stockholder of ours subject to special treatment under
the United States federal income tax laws. This discussion may not be
applicable to certain types of stockholders, including foreign persons and
stockholders who acquired Veridian shares pursuant to the exercise of employee
stock options or otherwise as compensation. Moreover, the tax consequences to
holders of Veridian options and warrants are not discussed. If a partnership
holds shares of our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner generally will
depend on the status of the partner and on the activities of the partnership.
Partners of partnerships holding our common stock should consult their tax
advisors. In addition, the discussion does not address any aspect of foreign,
state or local taxation or estate and gift taxation that may be applicable to a
stockholder of ours.

     The receipt of cash in exchange for shares of our common stock in the
merger or pursuant to the exercise of appraisal rights will be a taxable
transaction for federal income tax purposes. In general, a stockholder of ours
will recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes equal to the
difference between the amount of cash received in exchange for the Veridian
shares and that stockholders adjusted tax basis in such shares. Assuming the
shares constitute capital assets in the hands of the stockholder, such gain or
loss will be capital gain or loss and will be a long-term capital gain or loss
if the holder will have held the shares for more than one year at the time of
the merger. Gain or loss will be calculated separately for each block, with a
block consisting of shares acquired at the same cost in a single transaction.

     Certain non-corporate stockholders may be subject to backup withholding at
a 28% rate on cash payments received in exchange for Veridian shares in the
merger or received upon the exercise of appraisal rights. Backup withholding
generally will apply only if the stockholder fails to furnish a correct social
security number or other taxpayer identification number, or otherwise fails to
comply with applicable backup withholding rules and certification requirements.
Corporations generally are exempt from backup withholding. Each non-corporate
stockholder should complete and sign the substitute Form W-9 that will be part
of the letter of transmittal to be returned to the paying agent in order to
provide the information and certification necessary to avoid backup
withholding, unless an applicable exemption exists and is otherwise proved in a
manner satisfactory to the paying agent.

     The federal income tax discussion set forth above is included for general
information only and is based upon present law. Our stockholders are urged to
consult their tax advisors with respect to the specific tax consequences of the
merger to them, including the application and effect of the alternative minimum
tax and state, local and foreign tax laws.

Regulatory Approvals

     There are no remaining regulatory requirements with which we must comply
in order to consummate the merger except for (i) expiration or early
termination of the waiting period required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and (ii) the filing of the certificate of
merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware with respect to the
merger as provided in the DGCL. The requisite filings under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, were made with the Antitrust Divisions of the Department
of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission, and the waiting period began to
run, on June 26, 2003.

     We are not aware of any other significant government or regulatory
approvals that need to be obtained, or waiting periods with which we need to
comply, to complete the merger. If we discover that other approvals or waiting
periods are required, we will seek to obtain or comply with them. If any
approval or action is needed, however, we may not be able to obtain it. Even
if we could obtain the approval, conditions may be placed on it that could
cause us or General Dynamics to abandon the merger even if we receive
stockholder approval.



Past Contacts, Transactions or Negotiations

     Other than as
described in Background of the Merger, and teaming
arrangements and contracts entered into in the normal course of
business, Veridian and
General Dynamics have not had any past contacts, transactions or negotiations.



THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following description summarizes the material provisions of the merger
agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of
the merger agreement. The merger agreement included in this proxy statement as

Annex A 
contains the complete terms of that agreement, and you should read it
carefully and in its entirety.

Form of the Merger

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and in
accordance with Delaware law, at the effective time of the merger, Aspen
Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics and a
party to the merger agreement, will merge with and into Veridian and each
issued and outstanding share of common stock, $1.00 per share, of Aspen
Acquisition will be converted into one share of common stock, par value $1.00
per share, of the surviving corporation. Veridian will survive the merger as a
wholly owned Delaware subsidiary of General Dynamics. The merger will have the
effects set forth under Section 259 of the DGCL.

Effective Time of the Merger

     The merger will become effective upon the filing of a certificate of
merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such later
time as is agreed upon by General Dynamics and us and specified in the
certificate of merger. The filing of the certificate of merger will occur
simultaneously with or as soon as practicable after the closing date, which
will be the third business day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
to the merger described in the merger agreement or such other time as General
Dynamics and Veridian agree.

Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation

     The directors of Aspen Acquisition and our officers in office immediately
prior to the effective time of the merger will be the directors and officers of
the surviving corporation. The directors and officers will serve in accordance
with the bylaws of the surviving corporation until their respective successors
are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

Merger Consideration

     Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding share of our common stock,
other than (1) shares owned by General Dynamics or any of its direct or
indirect subsidiaries, (2) shares owned by us or any of our direct or indirect
subsidiaries, and (3) shares held by stockholders who perfect their appraisal
rights, will be converted into the right to receive $35.00 in cash, without
interest. Shares owned by General Dynamics or any of its direct or indirect
subsidiaries and shares owned by us or any of our direct or indirect
subsidiaries will be cancelled immediately prior to the merger.

     Upon completion of the merger, no shares of our common stock will remain
outstanding and all shares will automatically be cancelled and will cease to
exist and you (unless you have perfected your appraisal rights) will cease to
have any rights as a stockholder, except the right to receive $35.00 per share
in cash, without interest. Our stockholders will receive the merger
consideration after exchanging their Veridian stock certificates in accordance
with the instructions contained in the letter of transmittal to be sent to our
stockholders shortly after completion of the merger. The price of $35.00 per
share was determined through arms-length negotiations between General Dynamics
and us.

Effect on Stock Options and Warrants

Stock Options. 
Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding option to
purchase our common stock will be cancelled and the holder of that option will
be entitled to receive, in full satisfaction of the stock option, a one-time
cash payment equal to the number of shares of our common stock subject to the
option (whether vested or unvested), multiplied by the difference, if any,
between $35.00 and the per share exercise price of the option.



     The payment for option shares will be made, without interest, by the
surviving corporation. The cash payment made to each holder of our stock
options will be treated as compensation and will be net of any applicable
federal or state withholding taxes.

Warrants. 
Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding and unexercised
warrant to acquire shares of our common stock will be cancelled and converted
into the right to receive, in full satisfaction of the warrant, a one-time
payment in cash from the surviving corporation representing the excess, if any,
between the $35.00 per share merger consideration over the per share exercise
price of the warrant multiplied by the number of shares of our common stock
subject to the warrant. The payment for warrant shares will be made, without
interest, by the surviving corporation.

Conversion of Shares; Procedures for Exchange of Certificates

     Your right to receive $35.00 per share in cash, without interest, will
occur automatically at the effective time, unless you perfect and
exercise your appraisal rights. Within two business
days following the effective time of the merger,                                         , the paying agent, will mail to each holder of record of a certificate or
certificates that immediately prior to the effective time of the merger
represented outstanding shares of our common stock (i) a letter of transmittal
and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the stock
certificate or stock certificates representing shares of our common stock in
exchange for cash. The letter of transmittal will specify that delivery will
be affected, and risk of loss and title to the certificates representing shares
of our common stock will pass, only upon actual delivery of the certificates to
the paying agent. You should not return your stock certificates with the
enclosed proxy.

     Upon surrender to the paying agent of a stock certificate representing
shares of our common stock, together with a duly executed letter of transmittal
and any other documents that may be reasonably required by the paying agent,
you will be entitled to receive from the paying agent, on behalf of General
Dynamics, $35.00 in cash, without interest, for each share represented by the
stock certificate, and the certificate surrendered will be cancelled,
unless you perfect and exercise your appraisal rights.

     In the event of a transfer of ownership of our common stock that is not
registered in our records, the cash consideration for shares of our common
stock may be paid to a person other than the person in whose name the
surrendered certificate is registered if:



the certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise is in proper form for transfer; and



the person requesting such payment either:

      

pays to the paying agent any transfer or other
taxes required by reason of the payment to a person other than
the registered holder of the surrendered certificate; or

      

establishes to the satisfaction of the paying
agent acting that the tax has been paid or is not payable.

     The cash paid to you upon conversion of your shares of our common stock
will be issued in full satisfaction of all rights relating to the shares of our
common stock.

     If your stock certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, the
surviving corporation will deliver to you the applicable merger consideration
for the shares represented by that certificate if:



you make an affidavit claiming such certificate has been
lost, stolen or destroyed;



our records indicate that you are the registered owner of the
shares of our common stock represented by the lost, stolen or
destroyed certificate; and





 if requested by the secretary of the surviving corporation in
his sole discretion, you provide such indemnity as the secretary of
the surviving corporation may reasonably direct as protection
against any claim that may be made against the surviving corporation
with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or
destroyed.

     Nine months after the effective time of the merger, the paying agent will
deliver to General Dynamics all cash, certificates and other documents in its
possession relating to the merger and the paying agents duties will terminate.
After the expiration of the nine-month period, each holder of a certificate
representing shares of our common stock may surrender the certificate to
Veridian and, subject to applicable abandoned property, escheat and similar
laws, receive the aggregate merger consideration payable in exchange for the
certificate, without interest. However, none of the paying agent, General
Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiary or Veridian will be liable to a holder
of our common stock for any portion of the merger consideration delivered to a
public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat and similar
laws.

Conditions to the Merger

     The parties obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
following conditions:



approval and adoption by the
shares representing a majority
of our outstanding shares entitled to vote at the special meeting of
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement;



expiration or termination of the waiting period applicable to
the consummation of the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvement Act of 1976, as amended;



no law having been adopted or promulgated, and no temporary
restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
order issued by a court or other governmental entity of competent
jurisdiction having been in effect, that makes the merger illegal or
otherwise prohibits consummation of the merger; and



receipt and effectiveness as of the closing date of the
merger of all governmental waivers, consents, orders and approvals
legally required for the consummation of the merger and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, other than those,
the failure of which to obtain would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on
General Dynamics.

     General Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiarys obligations to complete
the merger are also subject to the following conditions:



we must have performed our agreements contained in the merger
agreement required to be performed on or prior to the closing date
of the merger;



our representations and warranties contained in the merger
agreement must be true and correct at the time made and at the
closing date of the merger, with only those exceptions as would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
material adverse effect on us and would not materially impair our
ability to perform our obligations under the merger agreement;



delivery to General Dynamics of a certificate as to the
matters discussed in the previous two paragraphs signed by an
executive officer of Veridian; and



holders of more than 12% of our issued and outstanding shares
of common stock must not have
perfected their appraisal rights under Delaware law prior the effective time of the merger.



     Our obligation to complete the merger is also subject to the following
conditions:



General Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiary must have
performed their agreements contained in the merger agreement
required to be performed on or prior to the closing date of the
merger;



General Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiarys
representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement
must be true and correct at the time made and at the closing date of
the merger, with only those exceptions as would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material
adverse effect and would not materially impair General Dynamics
ability to perform its obligations under the merger agreement; and



delivery to us of a certificate as to the matters discussed
in the previous two paragraphs signed by an executive officer of
General Dynamics.

     The merger agreement provides that a material adverse effect means, with
respect to any entity, any adverse change, circumstance or effect that,
individually or in the aggregate with all other adverse changes, circumstances
and effects, is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the
business, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of such
entity and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, other than any change,
circumstance or effect relating to (i) the economy or securities markets in
general, (ii) the industries in which we and General Dynamics operate and not
specifically relating to us or General Dynamics, including changes in legal,
accounting or regulatory changes, or conditions, or (iii) the merger agreement,
the announcement and performance thereunder and the merger (including any
cancellations or delays in contract awards and any impact on relationships with
customers, prime contractors, subcontractors, suppliers or employees).
However, changes in the trading price of General Dynamics common stock or our
common stock, as reported by The New York Stock Exchange, will not alone
constitute a material adverse effect, whether occurring at any time or from
time to time.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

     The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the closing of
the merger, whether before or after approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement by our
stockholders:



by mutual written consent of us and General Dynamics, by
action of our respective boards of directors;



by us, if General Dynamics or its acquisition subsidiary (i)
fails to perform in any material respect any of its covenants or
agreements under the merger agreement and does not cure such default
in all material respects within 15 days after we give notice of such
default, or (ii) has breached any of its representations and
warranties under the merger agreement, which breach cannot be cured
prior to the closing of the merger and has not been waived by us;



by General Dynamics, if we (i) fail to perform in any
material respect any of our covenants or agreements under the merger
agreement and do not cure such default in all material respects
within 15 days after notice of such default is given to us by
General Dynamics, or (ii) have breached any of our representations
and warranties under the merger agreement, which breach cannot be
cured prior to the closing of the merger and has not been waived by
General Dynamics;



by General Dynamics, if our board of directors has withdrawn,
modified, withheld or changed, in a manner adverse to General
Dynamics, its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement or
the merger, or recommended a superior proposal or resolved or
committed to do any of the foregoing;



by General Dynamics, if holders of more than 12% of our
issued and outstanding shares of common stock have perfected their appraisal rights under
Delaware law prior to the effective
time of the merger;





by either us or General Dynamics, if at the special meeting
of stockholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof, at which the merger has
been submitted for approval and adoption by our stockholders, the merger shall
have failed to receive the necessary vote of our stockholders;



by either us or General Dynamics, if the closing of the
merger has not occurred on or before December 31, 2003;



by either us or General Dynamics, if any one of the following
shall have occurred: (i) the waiting period applicable to the
consummation of the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvement Act of 1976, as amended, shall not have expired or been terminated by
December 31, 2003; (ii) any governmental entity files a complaint or
otherwise commences a proceeding seeking a judgment, injunction,
order or decree enjoining the consummation of the merger or
restraining or prohibiting the operation of the business of General
Dynamics or any of its subsidiaries or us or any of our subsidiaries
after the effective time of the merger; or (iii) General Dynamics
receives notice that the Federal Trade Commission has authorized its
staff to file a complaint, or that the Assistant Attorney General or
other appropriate official at the Department of Justice has
authorized the staff of the Antitrust Division to seek a preliminary
injunction, as the case may be, enjoining consummation of the
merger; and



by either General Dynamics or us, if our board of directors
has provided written notice to General Dynamics that it has
determined to accept a superior proposal.

Expenses and Fees

     We must pay to General Dynamics an amount equal to $30,000,000, along with
up to an aggregate of $500,000 of actual and documented out-of-pocket expenses,
if the merger agreement is terminated:



by General Dynamics because our board of directors has
withdrawn, modified, withheld or changed, in a manner adverse to
General Dynamics, its approval or recommendation of the merger
agreement or the merger, or recommended a superior proposal or
resolved or committed to do any of the foregoing;



by General Dynamics or us because our board of directors has
provided written notice to General Dynamics that it has determined
to accept a superior proposal;



by General Dynamics if holders of more than 12% of our issued
and outstanding shares of common stock have perfected their appraisal
rights under Delaware law prior to the effective time of
the merger and (i) at or prior to the termination an acquisition proposal has
been commenced or publicly disclosed and (ii) within twelve months
thereafter we enter into a definitive agreement relating to, or have
consummated, an acquisition proposal;



by General Dynamics or us because of the failure to receive
the approval of our stockholders at the special meeting of
stockholders and (i) at or prior to the termination an acquisition
proposal has been commenced or publicly disclosed and (ii) within
twelve months thereafter we enter into a definitive agreement
related to, or have consummated, an acquisition proposal; or



by General Dynamics or us because the closing shall not have
occurred on or before December 31, 2003 and (i) at or prior to the
termination an acquisition proposal has been commenced or publicly
disclosed and (ii) within twelve months thereafter we enter into a
definitive agreement relating to, or have consummated, an
acquisition proposal.

     General Dynamics must pay us an amount equal to $30,000,000, along with up
to an aggregate of $500,000 of actual and documented out-of-pocket expenses, if
the merger agreement is terminated by either General Dynamics or us if (i) the
applicable waiting period requirements under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, have not
expired or been terminated by December 31, 2003; (ii) any governmental entity
files a complaint or otherwise commences a



 proceeding seeking to prevent the consummation of the merger or
restraining or prohibiting the operation of the business of Veridian or General
Dynamics after the merger; or (iii) General Dynamics receives notice that the
Federal Trade Commission has authorized its staff to file a complaint, or that
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice has been authorized to seek
a preliminary injunction, as the case may be, to prevent the consummation of
the merger.

     Other than the expenses and fees described above, the parties to the
merger agreement will bear their respective costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the merger agreement, whether or not the merger is consummated.
Our expenses shall be paid at the closing of the merger directly by the
surviving corporation of the merger.

No Solicitation by Veridian

     We have agreed, prior to the merger becoming effective, to certain
limitations on our ability to take action with respect to other acquisition
proposals. Notwithstanding these limitations, we may respond to certain
superior proposals. Under the merger agreement:



the term acquisition proposal means the making by any
Person (other than General Dynamics and its affiliates) of any
inquiry, proposal or offer (including any proposal or offer to our
stockholders) that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to
lead to, a proposal for any tender offer, merger, consolidation,
business combination or similar transaction involving us or any of
our subsidiaries and a third party, or any acquisition by a third
party of any of our capital stock (other than upon the exercise of
options to acquire our common stock that were outstanding on the
date of the merger agreement in accordance with their terms) or any
of our business or assets or any of our subsidiaries (other than
acquisitions of a business or assets in the ordinary course of
business that constitute less than 10% of our net revenues, net
operating income or assets and our subsidiaries, taken as a whole),
or any combination of the foregoing, in a single transaction or a
series of related transactions; and



the term superior proposal means an acquisition proposal
with respect to all of the outstanding shares of our capital stock
or all or substantially all of our assets if, with respect to such
actions, in the good faith judgment of our board of directors,
taking into account, among other things, the likelihood of
consummation and after consultation with its financial advisors,
such acquisition proposal is reasonably likely to result in a
transaction more favorable to the holders of our common stock from a
financial point of view than the merger with General Dynamics.

     Except as set forth below, our subsidiaries and we have agreed:



not to solicit, initiate or knowingly facilitate or encourage any acquisition proposal;



not to participate or engage in discussions or negotiations
concerning an acquisition proposal (and we, along with our
subsidiaries and all such persons were required to immediately cease
and cause to be terminated any existing discussions or negotiations
with any third parties conducted before the date of the merger
agreement with respect to any acquisition proposal), or furnish or
disclose to any person any information with respect to or in
furtherance of any acquisition proposal;



not to grant any waiver or release under any confidentiality
agreement, standstill agreement or similar agreement with respect to
us or any of our subsidiaries; and



not to execute or enter into any agreement, understanding or
arrangement (other than a confidentiality agreement in substantially
the same form and on substantially the same terms as the
confidentiality agreement with General Dynamics and which does not
prevent us from complying with our obligations under the merger
agreement) with respect to any acquisition proposal, or approve or
recommend or propose to approve or recommend any acquisition
proposal



or any agreement, understanding or arrangement relating to any
acquisition proposal (or resolve or authorize or propose to agree
to do any of the foregoing actions).

     If we receive an unsolicited bona fide proposal from a third party
regarding a superior proposal, we may furnish information (pursuant to a
confidentiality agreement permitted by the merger agreement) to and engage in
negotiations and discussions with the third party. However, we may do so only
if our board of directors determines in good faith, (i) after consultation with its
financial advisor, that such acquisition proposal is reasonably likely to
result in a transaction more favorable to the holders of our common stock from
a financial point of view than the merger with General Dynamics and (ii) after
consultation with its outside legal counsel, that such actions are required by
its fiduciary obligations under applicable law.

     Prior to obtaining the approval of our stockholders with respect to the
merger, we may terminate the merger agreement if our board of directors
confirms in writing to General Dynamics that (i) it has determined (after
consultation with outside legal counsel and an independent financial advisor)
that an acquisition proposal is a superior proposal taking into account any
modifications to the terms of the merger agreement proposed by General
Dynamics, (ii) we intend to accept the superior proposal and (iii) we
acknowledge our obligation to make a termination payment to General Dynamics.
We may not terminate the merger agreement unless our board of directors (x)
provides at least five business days prior written notice to General Dynamics
of our intention to terminate the merger agreement in the absence of any
further action by General Dynamics and (y) during the five business day period
(or longer if extended by us or General Dynamics), agrees to negotiate in good
faith with General Dynamics regarding such changes as General Dynamics may
propose to the terms of the merger agreement, with the intent of enabling
General Dynamics to agree to a modification of the merger agreement so that the
merger may be consummated.

Representations and Warranties

     The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties of
Veridian, General Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiary that expire upon
consummation of the merger as to, among other things:



due organization, valid existence and good standing;



approval of the merger agreement and power and authorization
to enter into the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;



the binding effect of the merger agreement;



the governmental approvals required in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and



the violations, conflicts or breaches of certain documents
caused by the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

     In addition, the merger agreement contains representations and warranties
by us as to, among other things:



our capitalization;



our subsidiaries;



the required vote of our
stockholders to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated under the
merger agreement;



the delivery and accuracy of our filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission;



the maintenance of controls and procedures required under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;





the absence of undisclosed liabilities;



the absence of certain material adverse changes or events
since the end of our most recent fiscal year;



pending litigation, actions and proceedings against us and our subsidiaries;



our compliance with laws;



our compliance with certain agreements;



tax matters and our compliance with relevant tax laws;



our employee benefit plans and matters relating to the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended;



our compliance with labor matters;



the ownership and condition of our real estate;



our compliance with environmental matters;



transactions with our stockholders, employees, officers or directors;



the ownership and condition of our intellectual property;



matters related to certain of our contracts and commitments;



matters related to our government contracts;



our compliance with the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended;



the payment of brokers or similar fees; and



the applicability to the merger of anti-takeover statutes or other similar provisions.

     In addition, the merger agreement contains representations and warranties
by General Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiary as to, among other things,
the absence of any required vote of General Dynamics stockholders, the
investment intent of General Dynamics and General Dynamics having sufficient
funds to pay the aggregate merger consideration as required by the merger
agreement and other amounts contemplated by the merger agreement.

     The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and not easily summarized. You are urged to read carefully and in their
entirety the sections of the merger agreement entitled Representations and
Warranties of Target and Representations and Warranties of Acquiror and
Acquisition Sub in 
Annex A 
included in this proxy statement.

Covenants Under the Merger Agreement

Conduct of Veridian Business. 
We have agreed in the merger agreement
that, unless General Dynamics otherwise agrees in writing, we will, and will
cause our subsidiaries to:



conduct its business in the ordinary and usual course of
business and consistent with past practice;





use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its
business organizations and goodwill, keep available the services of
its present officers and key employees, preserve the goodwill and
business relationships with customers, suppliers and others having
business relationships with Veridian;



subject to restrictions imposed by applicable law and upon
request, meet on a regular and frequent basis with one or more
representatives of General Dynamics to report on the general status
of its business; and



use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain with
financially responsible insurance companies insurance on its
tangible assets and its business in amounts and against risks and
losses as are consistent with past practice.

     In addition, we have agreed that, subject to certain exceptions, neither
we nor any of our subsidiaries may, without General Dynamics prior written
agreement:



amend or propose to amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;



split, combine or reclassify its outstanding capital stock;



engage in any action, directly or indirectly, with the intent
to adversely impact the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement;



declare, set aside or pay any dividend or distribution
payable in stock or property;



issue, sell, pledge or dispose of, or agree to issue, sell,
pledge or dispose of, any shares of capital stock, any debt or
equity securities convertible into shares of capital stock, or
rights to acquire capital stock, including options and warrants, or
enter into any contract, agreement, arrangement or commitment with
respect to the foregoing;



incur or become contingently liable with respect to any
indebtedness other than borrowings and refinancings in the ordinary
course of business;



redeem, purchase, acquire or offer to purchase or acquire any
shares of its capital stock or any options, warrants or rights to
acquire any of its capital stock or any security convertible into or
exchangeable for its capital stock;



make any acquisition of assets or businesses or any other
capital expenditures other than capital expenditures for fixed or
capital assets in the ordinary course of business;



sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any assets or businesses
other than sales in the ordinary course of business;



loan, advance funds or make any investment in or capital
contribution to any other person other to any subsidiary or
otherwise in the ordinary course of business;



enter into any contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement
with respect to the five immediately foregoing items;



enter into or amend any employment, consulting, severance,
special pay arrangement with respect to termination of employment or
other similar arrangements or agreements with any directors,
officers, consultants or key employees; or





adopt, enter into or amend any bonus, profit sharing,
compensation, stock option, pension, retirement, deferred
compensation, health care, employment or other employee benefit
plan, agreement, trust, fund or arrangement for the benefit of any
employee or retiree, except as required to comply with changes in
applicable law or applicable collective bargaining agreements.

Other Covenants. 
The merger agreement contains a number of mutual
covenants of us and General Dynamics, including covenants relating to:



obtaining governmental approval relating to antitrust matters;



preparing and filing this proxy statement and the accuracy of the information in it;



the payment of expenses and fees incurred in connection with
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement;



cooperation with respect to public statements concerning the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;



furnishing notice to each other of the occurrence or failure
to occur of any event that would cause the representations and
warranties in the merger agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any
material respect or any material failure to comply with or satisfy
any covenant, condition or agreement in the merger agreement;



supplementing the disclosure schedules attached to the merger
agreement prior to the closing of the merger; and



the confidentiality of the non-public documents and information furnished to each other.

     The merger agreement also contains covenants requiring us to:



hold a special meeting of stockholders to obtain stockholder approval of the merger agreement;



recommend, through our board of directors, approval and adoption of the merger agreement;



provide General Dynamics and its representatives with
reasonable access to our personnel, properties, books, contracts,
commitments and records prior to the effective time of the merger;



promptly advise General Dynamics in writing of any change or
the occurrence of any event which may have a material adverse effect
on us; and



mail this proxy statement to our stockholders as promptly as
practicable after the date of the merger agreement.

     The merger agreement also contains covenants requiring General Dynamics
to:



maintain our books, records and files that exist at the
effective time of the merger for a period of seven years after the
closing of the merger, or such longer period as may be required by
any governmental entity or as a result of litigation or any tax
audit or other administrative proceeding;



assume and perform our employment-related obligations under
our benefit plans, employment policies, collective bargaining
agreements and applicable local, state and federal laws but does not
require General Dynamics to continue such plan, policies or
agreements beyond the time it otherwise could be lawfully terminated
or modified;





provide our employees and the employees of our subsidiaries
with compensation and employee benefit plans and programs on
substantially the same basis as the same are provided to similarly
situated employees of General Dynamics and its affiliates or
alternatively to continue one or more of Veridians existing benefit
plans; and



maintain our policies governing special severance payments to
employees following a change of control transaction in effect as of
the date of the merger agreement.

     The merger agreement also contains the covenants that we will remain in
control of our and our subsidiaries operations prior to the effective time of
the merger. For a discussion of the additional covenants relating to our
directors and officers indemnification and insurance and our solicitation of
other acquisition proposals, see The Merger  Interests of Veridians
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger  Directors and Officers
Indemnification and Insurance and  Termination of the Merger Agreement on
pages 34 and 42, respectively.

     The covenants in the merger agreement are complicated and not easily
summarized. You are urged to read carefully and in its entirety the section of
the merger agreement entitled Covenants in 
Annex A 
included in this proxy
statement.

Amendment and Waiver

     The merger agreement may not be amended except by action taken by the
parties respective board of directors or their duly authorized committees.
Any amendment must be in writing, signed on behalf of each of Veridian, General
Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiary and in compliance with applicable law.

     At any time prior to the effective time of the merger, Veridian, General
Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiary may (i) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of either party, (ii) waive
any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained in the merger
agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the merger agreement and/or
(iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in
the merger agreement. Any agreement by Veridian, General Dynamics or its
acquisition subsidiary to an extension or waiver will be valid if set forth in
an instrument in writing signed on behalf of the party.

Assignment

     The merger agreement may not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise,
except that General Dynamics may assign the merger agreement, and may effect
the assignment of the merger agreement on behalf of Aspen Acquisition, to any
other wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics.



VOTING AGREEMENTS

The following description summarizes the material provisions of the voting
agreements and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text
of the voting agreements. The voting agreement with David Langstaff and
Labyrinth, L.P. is included in this proxy statement as 
Annex D
; the voting
agreement with Dr. Joseph P. Allen, IV and Sugar Creek, L.P.. is included in
this proxy statement as 
Annex E
; the voting agreement with The Texas Growth
Fund  1991 Trust, The Texas Growth Fund II  1998 Trust, TGF Management Corp.
and TGF II Management, L.P. is included in this proxy statement as 
Annex F
; and
the voting agreement with Monitor Clipper Equity Partners, L.P., Monitor
Clipper Equity Partners (Foreign), L.P., Monitor Consulting, L.P. and Monitor
Company Group, L.P., as the successor in interest to Monitor Company, Inc. is
included in this proxy statement at 
Annex G
. The voting agreements are
substantially identical in all material respects. 
Annexes D, E, F 
and 
G 
contain
the complete terms of those agreements and you should read them carefully and
in their entirety.

     David H. Langstaff, our president and chief executive officer, Dr. Joseph
P. Allen IV, our chairman of the board of directors, as well as Monitor Clipper Equity
Partners, L.P., Monitor Clipper Equity Partners (Foreign), L.P., Monitor
Consulting, L.P., Monitor Company Group, L.P., The Texas Growth Fund  1991
Trust, The Texas Growth Fund II  1998 Trust, TGF Management Corp. and TGF II
Management, L.P., Sugar Creek L.P. and Labyrinth, L.P., who collectively held           
shares as of the record date, representing approximately           % of
the outstanding shares of our common stock as of the record date, have entered
into voting agreements pursuant to which they have agreed, among other
things, to vote their shares of our common stock for the adoption of the merger
agreement and approval of the merger and any other matter that would reasonably
be expected to facilitate consummation of the merger. Each stockholder has
granted an irrevocable proxy in favor of General Dynamics and its acquisition
subsidiary to vote any ballot or consent form General Dynamics or its
acquisition subsidiary deems appropriate to accomplish the votes and consents
required by the merger agreement.

     Each of these stockholders also agreed to vote all shares of our common
stock held by that stockholder against the following actions:



approval of any proposal made in opposition to or competition
with the consummation of the merger;



any merger, consolidation, sale of assets, reorganization or
recapitalization, with any party other than General Dynamics and its
acquisition subsidiary and/or their affiliates; and



any reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation or winding
up of Veridian.

     In connection with the voting agreements, the stockholders further agreed
not to:



tender in response to any tender offer from any person other
than General Dynamics and its acquisition subsidiary and their
affiliates;



sell or otherwise transfer any interest in the shares of our
common stock held by the stockholder, provided that transfers of
limited partnership interests, directly or indirectly, in a
stockholder that is an entity will not constitute a prohibited
transfer; or



take any action that would impair their ability to vote any
of their shares in the manner required by the voting agreement.

     The voting agreements terminate only upon the valid termination of the
merger agreement or the mutual agreement of the parties to the voting
agreements.



SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The following table
indicates the beneficial ownership, as of June 25,
2003 (or such other date set forth in the footnotes thereto), of our common
stock by each director, by our chairman of the board of directors, by our chief
executive officer and by our other four most highly compensated executive
officers, by each person known by us to own more than 5% of the outstanding
shares of our common stock and by all of our directors and executive officers as a
group. At the record date, we knew of no person that beneficially owned more
than 5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock other than as set forth
in this table.

     Except as indicated in the footnotes to the table and pursuant to state
community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned. The address of
all directors and executive officers in this table, unless otherwise specified,
is c/o Veridian Corporation, 1200 South Hayes Street, Suite 1100, Arlington,
Virginia 22202.

     The following table does not reflect that certain shares of common stock
may be deemed to be beneficially owned by General Dynamics pursuant to voting
agreements with certain of our executive officers, directors and stockholders.
See Voting Agreements on page 50.

Amount and Nature of

Beneficial Ownership
(1)

Number of

Shares

Beneficially

Percent of

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Owned

Class

Monitor Clipper Funds
(2)

7,284,516

20.92

%

Two Canal Park

Cambridge, MA 02141

FMR Corp. 
(3)

3,683,644

10.58

%

82 Devonshire Street

Boston, MA 02109

The Board of Trustees of the Texas Growth Fund 
(4)

2,759,529

7.93

%

111 Congress Avenue

Suite 2900

Austin, TX 78701

The Veridian Stock Fund Trust created under the
Veridian Retirement Savings Plan 
(5)

2,081,216

5.98

%

1200 South Hayes Street

Suite 1100

Arlington, VA 22202

James P. Allen 
(6)

92,525

*

Dr. Joseph P. Allen, IV 
(7)

419,632

1.20

%

Michael A. Bell 
(8)

22,280

*

Dr. Joel S. Birnbaum 
(9)

37,983

*

Dr. Robert M. Farrell 
(10)

65,133

*

Russell P. Fradin 
(11)

7,057

*

George R. Horning 
(12)

4,953

*

Jerald S. Howe, Jr. 
(13)

92,637

*

Ronald C. Jones 
(14)

*



Amount and Nature of

Beneficial Ownership
(1)

Number of

Shares

Beneficially

Percent of

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Owned

Class

James J. Kozlowski 
(15)

2,800,163

8.03

%

David H. Langstaff 
(16)

1,138,871

3.23

%

Lynn Amato Madonna 
(17)

26,418

*

Dr. Sally K. Ride 
(18)

24,509

*

Charles J. Simons 
(19)

24,791

*

All directors and executive officers as a group (19 persons)
(20)

4,956,565

13.90

%

*

Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent.

(1)

Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule
13d-3(d)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(2)

Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13D/A filed on June
11, 2003 by Monitor Clipper Partners, L.P. and Monitor Clipper Partners
(Foreign), L.P., the total amount of shares held by the Monitor Clipper Funds
includes (i) 6,108,214 shares of common stock held by Monitor Clipper
Equity Partners, L.P., whose sole general partner is Monitor Clipper
Partners, L.P., whose sole general partner is MCP GP, Inc. and (ii)
1,154,584 shares of common stock held by Monitor Clipper Equity Partners
(Foreign), L.P., whose sole general partner is Monitor Clipper Partners,
L.P., whose sole general partner is MCP GP, Inc. The directors and
stockholders of MCP GP, Inc. are Michael A. Bell, Robert B. Calhoun,
Eugene M. Freedman, Kevin A. Macdonald, Mark T. Thomas and William L.
Young. Also includes 21,718 shares of common stock held by Monitor
Consulting, L.P. and Monitor Company Group, L.P., which have granted to
the Monitor Funds the power to vote and make certain other decisions
relating to such shares pursuant to an Assignment Agreement dated
September 7, 1999 by and among Monitor Clipper Equity Partners, L.P.,
Monitor Clipper Equity Partners (Foreign), L.P., Monitor Consulting, L.P.
and Monitor Company Group, L.P.

(3)

Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed on
February 10, 2003, by FMR Corp., Edward C. Johnson 3d and Abigail P.
Johnson, FMR Corp. has sole voting power of 256,144 shares and sole
dispositive power of 3,683,644 shares. According to the statement,
Fidelity Management & Research Company (Fidelity), a wholly owned
subsidiary of FMR Corp., and a registered investment advisor, is the
beneficial owner of 3,427,600 of such shares as a result of acting as
investment advisor to various registered investment companies. The
ownership of one investment company, Fidelity Contrafund, amounted to
1,821,700 of such shares. Edward C. Johnson, 3rd and FMR Corp., through
its control of Fidelity and the funds, each has sole power to dispose of
the 3,427,600 shares owned by the funds. Neither FMR Corp. nor Edward C.
Johnson, 3rd, Chairman of FMR Corp., has the sole power to vote or direct
the voting of the shares owned directly by the Fidelity funds, which power
resides with the funds Board of Trustees. Fidelity carries out the
voting of the shares under written guidelines established by the funds
Board of Trustees. Fidelity Management Trust Company, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of FMR Corp., is the beneficial owner of 255,900 of such shares
as a result of its serving as investment manager of the institutional
accounts. Geode Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (Geode LLC), is the beneficial owner of 144 of such shares.
Geode LLC is wholly owned by Fidelity Investors III Limited Partnership
(FILP III), a Delaware limited partnership. Geode LLC is a registered
investment advisor. Fidelity Investors Management, LLC (FIML), a
Delaware limited liability company, is the general partner and investment
manager of FILP III, and is a registered investment advisor. The managers
of Geode LLC, the members of FIML and the limited partners of FILP III are
certain shareholders and employees of FMR Corp.



(4)

Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13D filed on June 19,
2003, by The Board of Trustees of the Texas Growth Fund, Texas Growth Fund
II  1998 Trust, TGF Management Corp. and James J. Kozlowski. The Board
of Trustees of the Texas Growth Fund is the trustee of the Texas Growth
Fund  1991 Trust and the Texas Growth Fund II  1998 Trust. The Texas
Growth Fund  1991 Trust owns 943,829 shares of common stock. The Texas
Growth Fund II  1998 Trust owns 1,815,700 shares of common stock. As
such, The Board of Trustees of the Texas Growth Fund may be deemed to be
the beneficial owner of 2,759,529 shares of common stock. The Schedule 13D
also reported that Texas Growth Fund II  1998 Trust owns 1,815,700 shares
of common stock, which represents ownership of 5% or more of our common
stock. The statement also provided that TGF Management Corp. may be deemed
the beneficial owner of 1,856,334 shares of common stock. TGF Management
Corp. is the general partner of TGF II Management, L.P., which manages
Texas Growth Fund II  1998 Trust that owns 1,815,700 shares of common
stock. TGF II Management, L.P. also owns 6,384 shares of common stock and
34,250 options that are currently exercisable. All of the foregoing
shares are held with shared voting and investment power pursuant to the
relationships described above.

(5)

The Veridian Stock Fund Trust is a separate trust fund of the Veridian
Retirement Savings Plan that holds the shares. Vanguard Fiduciary Trust
Company acts as the trustee.

(6)

Includes 44,068 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.
Does not include 134,850 shares underlying options that are not
exercisable within 60 days.

(7)

Includes 35,786 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.
Does not include 5,985 shares underlying options that are not exercisable
within 60 days. Also includes 32,541 shares of common stock held in the
Veridian Stock Fund Trust of the Veridian Retirement Savings Plan. Also
includes 3,244 shares of common stock held through The Antaeusian Group,
Inc. and 200,000 shares held through Sugar Creek, L.P.

(8)

Includes 18,290 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.

(9)

Includes 18,290 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.

(10)

Includes 25,270 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.
Also, includes 200 shares held by Mr. Farrells son as to which Mr.
Farrell disclaims any beneficial ownership. Does not include 77,880
shares underlying options that are not exercisable within 60 days.

(11)

Includes 4,325 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.
Does not include 3,325 shares underlying options that are not exercisable
within 60 days.

(12)

Includes 4,325 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.
Does not include 3,325 shares underlying options that are not exercisable
within 60 days.

(13)

Includes 39,900 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.
Does not include 134,850 shares underlying options that are not
exercisable within 60 days. Also includes 187 shares held in the Veridian
Stock Fund Trust of the Veridian Retirement Savings Plan.

(14)

Does not include 77,880 shares underlying options that are not
exercisable within 60 days. Includes 593 shares held in the Veridian Stock
Fund Trust of the Veridian Retirement Savings Plan.

(15)

Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13D filed on June 19,
2003, the total amount of shares beneficially owned by Mr. Kozlowski
includes (i) 1,815,700 shares of common stock held by Texas Growth Fund II
- - 1998 Trust, (ii) 943,829 shares of common stock held by Texas Growth
Fund - 1991 Trust, (iii) 6,384 shares of common stock held by TGF II
Management, L.P. and (iv) 34,250 shares of common stock underlying options
that are currently exercisable held by TGF II Management, L.P. Mr.
Kozlowski is the President and a director of TGF I Management Corp., which
manages the Texas Growth Fund - 1991 Trust. Mr. Kozlowski is also the
President and a director of TGF Management Corp., the general partner of
TGF II Management, L.P., which manages the Texas Growth Fund II - 1998
Trust. Mr. Kozlowski disclaims



beneficial ownership of the
shares held by Texas Growth Fund II  1998
Trust. Mr. Kozlowski disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by
Texas Growth Fund  1991 Trust and TGF II Management, L.P. except to the
extent of his pecuniary interest therein. All of the foregoing shares are
held with shared voting and investment power pursuant to the relationships
described above.

(16)

Includes 407,529 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.
Does not include 148,940 shares underlying options that are not
exercisable within 60 days. Also includes 7,570 shares of common stock
held through The Antaeusian Group, Inc. and 200,000 shares of common stock
held through Labyrinth, L.P. Also includes 6,672 shares of common stock
held in the Veridian Stock Fund Trust of the Veridian Retirement Savings
Plan.

(17)

Includes 17,975 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.

(18)

Includes 18,290 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.

(19)

Includes 17,975 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.

(20)

Includes 830,580 shares underlying options exercisable within 60 days.
Does not include 821,099 shares underlying options that are not
exercisable within 60 days. Also includes 51,577 shares held in the
Veridian Stock Fund Trust of the Veridian Retirement Savings Plan.

PROPOSALS OF STOCKHOLDERS

     We will hold a 2004 annual meeting of our stockholders only if the merger
is not completed. If such a meeting is held, in order for a stockholder
proposal to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for such annual
meeting pursuant to Rule 14a-8(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, the proposal must be received by our secretary at our principal
executive offices at 1200 South Hayes Street, Suite 1100, Arlington, Virginia
22202 no later than January 1, 2004. Under our amended and restated bylaws,
proposals of stockholders intended to be presented at next years annual
meeting that do not comply with the procedure mentioned above must be received
by our secretary at our principal executive offices in Arlington, Virginia not
earlier than January 1, 2004 and not later than January 31, 2004, unless we
notify you otherwise, to be considered timely and must contain the information
required by our amended and restated bylaws and pursuant to Regulation 14A
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     Stockholders may contact Investor Relations at our principal executive
offices listed in the preceding paragraph for a copy of the relevant amended
and restated bylaw provisions regarding the requirements for making stockholder
proposals.

OTHER MATTERS

     As of the date of this proxy statement, our board of directors knows of no
matters that will be presented for consideration at the special meeting other
than as described in this proxy statement. Should any other matter requiring a
vote of the stockholders arise, the persons named as proxies on the enclosed
proxy card will vote the shares represented thereby in our interests in
accordance with their best judgment.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     Veridian and General Dynamics file annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information
that Veridian and General Dynamics file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commissions public reference room at
the Securities and Exchange Commissions Public Reference Room, 450 Fifth
Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Securities and Exchange
Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the
Public Reference Room. These Securities and Exchange Commission filings are
also available to the public at the Internet site maintained by the Securities
and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov
. 
Our Internet site address is
http://www.veridian.com. However, any



 information that is included on or linked to our Internet site is not a
part of this proxy statement. Reports, proxy statements and other information
concerning Veridian may also be inspected at the offices of The New York Stock
Exchange, Inc. at 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005.



ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

BY AND AMONG

GENERAL DYNAMICS CORPORATION,

ASPEN ACQUISITION CORPORATION

AND

VERIDIAN CORPORATION

JUNE 9, 2003





Article 1

The Merger

1.1

The Merger

A-1

1.2

Effective Time of the Merger

A-1

1.3

Consummation

A-2

1.4

Effects of the Merger

A-2

Article 2

The Surviving Corporation and Acquiror

2.1

Certificate of Incorporation

A-2

2.2

By-Laws

A-2

2.3

Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation

A-2

Article 3

Conversion of Shares

3.1

Merger Consideration

A-2

3.2

Acquisition Sub Shares

A-3

3.3

Dissenting Shares

A-3

3.4

Surrender and Payment

A-4

3.5

Closing

A-5

3.6

Closing of Target's Transfer Books

A-5

3.7

Withholding

A-6

Article 4

Representations and Warranties of Acquiror and Acquisition Sub

4.1

Organization and Qualification

A-6

4.2

Authority; Non-Contravention; Approvals

A-6

4.3

Litigation

A-7

4.4

No Acquiror Stockholders' Approval Required

A-8

4.5

Investment Intent

A-8

4.6

Financial Capability

A-8

4.7

No Additional Representations

A-8

Article 5

Representations and Warranties of Target

5.1

Organization and Qualification

A-8

5.2

Capitalization

A-9

5.3

Subsidiaries

A-9

5.4

Authority; Non-Contravention; Approval

A-10

5.5

SEC Documents

A-11

5.6

Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities

A-12

5.7

Absence of Certain Changes or Events

A-12

5.8

Litigation

A-12

5.9

No Violation of Law

A-13

5.10

Compliance with Agreements

A-13



5.11

Taxes

A-13

5.12

Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA

A-14

5.13

Labor

A-14

5.14

Real Estate

A-15

5.15

Environmental Matters

A-15

5.16

Contracts and Commitments

A-16

5.17

Intellectual Property Rights

A-16

5.18

Section 203 of the DGCL Not Applicable

A-17

5.19

Government Contracts

A-17

5.20

Relations with Governments

A-18

5.21

No Additional Representations

A-18

Article 6

Covenants

6.1

Conduct of Business by Target Pending the Merger

A-18

6.2

Control of Operations

A-19

6.3

No Solicitation by Target

A-19

6.4

Meeting of Stockholders

A-21

6.5

Agreement to Cooperate; HSR Filings

A-22

6.6

Access to Information

A-22

6.7

Proxy Statement

A-23

6.8

Expenses and Fees

A-24

6.9

Public Statements

A-24

6.10

Target Employees

A-24

6.11

Notification of Certain Matters; Supplemental Disclosure

A-25

6.12

Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance

A-25

6.13

Maintenance of Target Records; Personnel

A-26

Article 7

Conditions

7.1

Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger

A-26

7.2

Conditions to Obligation of Target to Effect the Merger

A-26

7.3

Conditions to Obligations of Acquiror to Effect the Merger

A-27

Article 8

Termination, Amendment and Waiver

8.1

Termination

A-27

8.2

Effect of Termination

A-29

8.3

Termination Payment by Target

A-29

8.4

Termination Payment by Acquiror

A-30

8.5

Amendment

A-31

8.6

Waiver

A-31

Article 9

General Provisions

9.1

Non-Survival

A-31

9.2

Brokers

A-31

-ii-



9.3

Notices

A-31

9.4

Interpretation

A-32

9.5

Miscellaneous

A-33

9.6

Jurisdiction

A-33

9.7

Counterparts

A-34

9.8

Parties In Interest

A-34

9.9

Severability

A-34

-iii-



AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

     THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of June 9, 2003 (
"
Agreement
"
),
is by and among General Dynamics Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(

Acquiror

), Aspen Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror (

Acquisition Sub

), and Veridian
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (
Target
).

W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS
, Acquiror desires to acquire all of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of Target (the 

Target Capital
Stock

);

     WHEREAS
, the respective boards of directors of Acquiror,
Target and Acquisition Sub have approved the merger of Acquisition
Sub with and into Target on the terms set forth in this Agreement
(the 

Merger

);

     WHEREAS
, concurrently with the execution hereof, each of
Monitor Clipper Equity Partners, L.P., Monitor Clipper Equity
Partners (Foreign), L.P., Monitor Consulting, L.P., Monitor
Company Group, L.P., The Texas Growth Fund  1991 Trust, The Texas
Growth Fund II  1998 Trust, TGF Management Corp., TGF II
Management, L.P., Dr. Joseph P. Allen, IV, Sugar Creek, L.P.,
David H. Langstaff and Labyrinth, L.P. is entering into a voting
agreement in substantially the form attached as 
Schedule A
; and

     WHEREAS
, in connection with the Merger, the stockholders of
Target (

Stockholders

) will receive cash in exchange for all of
the issued and outstanding shares of Target Capital Stock, all
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained
herein, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree
as follows (all capitalized terms used in this Agreement are
defined for convenience of reference on 
Exhibit A 
attached hereto
or are defined separately herein):

Article 1

THE MERGER

1.1 The Merger
. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this
Agreement, at the Effective Time in accordance with the Delaware General
Corporation Law (

DGCL

), Acquisition Sub shall be merged with and into Target
and the separate existence of Acquisition Sub shall thereupon cease. Target
shall be the surviving corporation in the Merger and is hereinafter sometimes
referred to as 

Surviving Corporation
.

1.2 Effective Time of the Merger
. The Merger shall become effective at such time (the 

Effective Time

)
as shall be stated in the Certificate of Merger, in form mutually acceptable to
Acquiror, Target and Acquisition Sub, respectively, to be filed with the
Secretary of State of



the State of Delaware in accordance with the DGCL (the


Merger Filing

). The Merger Filing shall provide for the effectiveness of the
Merger immediately upon its filing. The Merger Filing shall be made
simultaneously with or as soon as practicable after the closing of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement in accordance with 
Section 3.5.

1.3 Consummation
. The parties acknowledge that it is their mutual desire
and intent to consummate the Merger as soon as practicable after the date
hereof. Accordingly, the parties shall use their best efforts to consummate,
as soon as practicable, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in
accordance with 
Section 3.5.

1.4 Effects of the Merger
. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in
section 259 of the DGCL.

ARTICLE 2

THE SURVIVING CORPORATION AND ACQUIROR

2.1 Certificate of Incorporation
. The Certificate of Incorporation of
Acquisition Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the Certificate of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation after the Effective
Time, until thereafter amended in accordance with its terms and as provided in
the DGCL, except that Article I thereof shall be amended in the Merger to read
in its entirety as follows: The name of the Corporation is Veridian Corporation.

2.2 By-Laws
. The by-laws of Acquisition Sub as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the by-laws of Surviving Corporation after
the Effective Time, and thereafter may be amended in accordance with its terms
and as provided by the Certificate of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation
and the DGCL.

2.3 Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation
. The directors of
Acquisition Sub and the officers of Target in office immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the directors and officers of Surviving Corporation,
and such directors and officers shall serve in accordance with the by-laws of
Surviving Corporation until their respective successors are duly elected or
appointed and qualified.

ARTICLE 3

CONVERSION OF SHARES

3.1 Merger Consideration
. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of Target or any holder of Target Capital Stock:

     (a)  Each of the shares of the Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share of
Target (the 

Target Common Stock

) issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time (other than Target Common Stock held in the treasury of
Target or by any Subsidiary of Target) shall be converted into the right to
receive $35.00 (the 

Merger Consideration

) payable upon the surrender of the
certificate formerly representing such Target Common Stock. All shares of
Target Common Stock when converted, will no longer be outstanding and will
automatically be canceled and retired, and each holder of a Target Certificate
(as defined in 
Section 3.4(e)
) will cease to have any rights with respect
thereto, except the right to receive such Merger Consideration. In the event
that subsequent to the date of this Agreement but prior to the

A-2



Effective Time,the outstanding shares of Target Common Stock are changed into a different
number of shares or a different class as a result of a stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, combination,
exchange, recapitalization or similar transaction, the Merger Consideration
will be adjusted to reflect such change.

     (b)  Any Target Common Stock held in the treasury of Target and any Target
Common Stock held by any Subsidiary of Target immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be canceled and retired and cease to exist.

     (c)  The terms of each outstanding option to purchase shares of Target
Common Stock under any employee or director stock option or compensation plan
or arrangement of Target (the 

Target Employee Stock Options

) that is
outstanding and unexercised, whether vested or unvested, immediately prior to
the Effective Time (including any plans related thereto), shall be adjusted as
necessary to provide that, at the Effective Time, such Target Employee Stock
Options shall be canceled as of the Effective Time and converted at the
Effective Time into the right to receive, in full satisfaction of such Target
Employee Stock Options, cash from Surviving Corporation in an amount equal to
(X) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration over the per share exercise
price of each such Target Employee Stock Option immediately prior to the
Effective Time (subject to adjustment pursuant to the last sentence of 
Section
3.1(a)
) multiplied by (Y) the number of shares of Target Common Stock issuable
pursuant to such Target Employee Stock Option as of the Effective Time (in each
case whether or not such Stock Option had been fully vested and fully
exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time), which cash payment will
be treated as compensation and will be net of any applicable federal or state
withholding taxes.

     (d)  Each warrant to purchase shares of Target Common Stock (the 

Target
Warrants

) which is outstanding and unexercised at the Effective Time shall be
canceled as of the Effective Time and converted at the Effective Time into the
right to receive, in full satisfaction of such Target Warrant, cash from
Surviving Corporation in an amount equal to (X) the excess, if any, of the
Merger Consideration over the per share exercise price of such Target Warrant
immediately prior to the Effective Time (subject to adjustment pursuant to the
last sentence of 
Section 3.1(a)
) multiplied by (Y) the number of shares of
Target Common Stock issuable pursuant to such Target Warrant as of the
Effective Time.

3.2 Acquisition Sub Shares
. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of Acquiror as the sole shareholder of Acquisition Sub, each issued
and outstanding share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of
Acquisition Sub (

Acquistion Sub Common Stock

) shall be converted into one
share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share of Surviving Corporation.

3.3 Dissenting Shares
. Target Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time and held by a holder who has not voted in favor of the
Merger or consented thereto in writing and who has demanded appraisal for such
Target Common Stock in accordance with the DGCL (the 

Dissenting Shares

)
shall not be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration,
unless such holder fails to perfect, withdraws or otherwise loses the right to
appraisal, in which case such shares of Target Common Stock shall be treated as
if they had been converted as of the Effective Time into the right to receive
the Merger

A-3



Consideration. Target shall give Acquiror prompt notice of any
demands received by Target for appraisal of shares of Target Common Stock, and
Acquiror shall have the right to participate fully in all negotiations and
proceedings with respect to such demands. Except with the prior written
consent of Acquiror, Target shall not make any payment with respect to, or
offer to settle or settle, any such demands. Each holder of Dissenting Shares
who becomes entitled to payment for such Dissenting Shares under the provisions
of Section 262 of the DGCL, will receive payment thereof from the Surviving
Corporation and such shares of Target Common Stock will no longer be
outstanding and will automatically be canceled and retired and will cease to
exist.

3.4 Surrender and Payment
.

     (a)  From and after the Effective Time, each record holder of a Target
Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, upon surrender
thereof to a paying agent reasonably satisfactory to Acquiror and
Target (the 

Paying Agent

), a check payable to the order of such holder or, at the
election of such holder, a funds transfer via the Federal Reserve System
Fedwire, in the amount of the aggregate Merger Consideration to which such
holder is entitled pursuant to Section 3.1.

     (b)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (i) until
holders or transferees of Target Certificates have surrendered them for
exchange as provided herein, no dividends or Merger Consideration shall be paid
with respect to any shares represented by such Target Certificates and (ii)
without regard to when such Target Certificates are surrendered for exchange as
provided herein, no interest shall be paid on any dividends or any portion of
the Merger Consideration.

     (c)  If any payment for shares of Target Common Stock is to be made in a
name other than the name in which the Target Certificate surrendered for
payment therefor is registered, it shall be a condition of payment that the
surrendered certificate be properly endorsed or otherwise in proper form for
transfer and that the person requesting payment either (i) pay to the Paying
Agent any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the payment to a person
other than the registered holder of the surrendered certificate or (ii) establish to the
satisfaction of the Paying Agent that such tax has been paid or is not payable.

     (d)  At or prior to the Effective Time, Acquiror shall make available to
the Paying Agent the cash required to effect the payments referred to in

Section 3.4(a)
 above.

     (e) Within two business days following the Effective Time, the Paying
Agent shall mail to each holder of record of a certificate or certificates that
immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of
Target Common Stock (the 

Target Certificates

) (i) a letter of transmittal
(which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the Target Certificates shall pass, only upon actual delivery of the
Target Certificates to the Paying Agent) and (ii) instructions for use in
effecting the surrender of the Target Certificates in exchange for cash. Upon
surrender of Target Certificates for cancellation to the Paying Agent, together
with a duly executed letter of transmittal and such other documents as the
Paying Agent shall reasonably require, the holder of record of such Target
Certificates shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a check or wire
transfer in payment of the consideration pursuant to the provisions of Section
3.1, and the Target Certificates so surrendered shall be canceled.

A-4



Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Paying Agent nor any party hereto
shall be liable to a holder of shares of Target Common Stock for any portion of
the consideration delivered to a public official as required by applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

     (f)  Promptly following the date which is nine months after the Effective
Time, the Paying Agent shall deliver to Acquiror all cash, certificates and
other documents in its possession relating to the transactions described in
this Agreement, and the Paying Agents duties shall terminate. Thereafter,
each holder of a Target Certificate may surrender such Target Certificate to
Surviving Corporation and (subject to applicable abandoned property, escheat
and similar laws) receive the aggregate Merger Consideration payable in
exchange therefor, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, none of the Paying Agent, Acquiror, the Acquisition Sub, Target or
the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to a holder of Target Common Stock
for any portion of the Merger Consideration delivered to a public official
pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat and similar laws.

     (g)  In the event any Target Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or
destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming
such Target Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed, and provided Targets
records indicate such person is the registered owner of the related Target
Common Stock, Surviving Corporation shall issue in exchange for such lost,
stolen or destroyed Target Certificate the aggregate Merger Consideration
deliverable in respect thereof determined in accordance with this 
Article 3.

When authorizing such payment in exchange therefor, the Secretary of Surviving
Corporation may, in his discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance
thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Target Certificate
to give Surviving Corporation such indemnity as he may reasonably direct as
protection against any claim that may be made against the Surviving Corporation
with respect to the Target Certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or
destroyed.

3.5 Closing
. The closing (the 

Closing

) of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall take place at the offices of Andrews & Kurth L.L.P. in
Washington, D.C., or such other location as shall be mutually agreeable to
Acquiror and Target on the third business day immediately following the date on
which the last of the conditions set forth in 
Article 7
 is fulfilled or waived,
or at such other time and place as Acquiror and Target shall agree (the date on
which the Closing occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the 

Closing
Date

).

3.6 Closing of Targets Transfer Books
. At and after the Effective Time,
holders of Target Certificates shall cease to have any rights as Stockholders,
except for the right to receive the aggregate Merger Consideration into which
the shares of Target Common Stock evidenced by such Target Certificate were
converted, as contemplated by 
Section 3.1.
 At the Effective Time, the stock
transfer books of Target shall be closed and no transfers of shares of Target
Common Stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall thereafter be made. If, after the Effective Time, subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, Target Certificates formerly representing
Target Common Stock are presented to Surviving Corporation, they shall be
canceled and exchanged for the aggregate Merger Consideration into which the
shares of Target Common Stock evidenced by such Target Certificate were
converted, in accordance with this 
Article 3,
 provided that the Target
Certificate is surrendered as provided in 
Section 3.4
 and accompanied by all
documents required to evidence and effect such transfer (including evidence of
payment of any applicable stock transfer taxes).

A-5



3.7 Withholding
. Acquiror will be entitled to deduct and withhold from
the aggregate Merger Consideration otherwise payable to any former holder of
Target Common Stock all amounts required by law to be deducted or withheld
therefrom. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by Acquiror or Acquiror
Sub, such withheld amounts will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement
as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Target Common Stock in
respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by Acquiror or
Acquiror Sub.

ARTICLE 4

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ACQUIROR AND ACQUISITION SUB

     Acquiror and Acquisition Sub each represent and warrant to Target as
follows:

4.1 Organization and Qualification
. Each of Acquiror and Acquisition Sub
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the state of its incorporation and has the requisite corporate
power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to
carry on its business as it is now being conducted. Each of Acquiror and
Acquisition Sub is qualified to do business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the
nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary,
except where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing will not, when
taken together with all other such failures, have a Material Adverse Effect. True,
accurate and complete copies of each of Acquirors and Acquisition Subs
charter documents and by-laws, in each case as in effect on the date of this
Agreement, including all amendments thereto, have heretofore been delivered to
Target or are otherwise publicly available on the EDGAR system.

4.2 Authority; Non-Contravention; Approvals
.

     (a)  Acquiror and Acquisition Sub have full corporate power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and, subject to Acquiror Required Statutory
Approvals, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This
Agreement has been approved by the respective boards of directors of Acquiror
and Acquisition Sub and by Acquiror as the sole stockholder of Acquisition Sub
and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Acquiror or Acquisition Sub
are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation by Acquiror and Acquisition Sub of the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Acquiror and
Acquisition Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery
thereof by Target, constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of
Acquiror and Acquisition Sub enforceable against each of them in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by (i) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or
relating to enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) general
equitable principles.

     (b)  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Acquiror and
Acquisition Sub do not violate, conflict with or result in a breach of any
provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse
of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in

A-6



the
termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right
of termination or acceleration under, or give rise to any obligation to make
payments or provide compensation under, or result in the creation of any Lien
upon any of the properties or assets of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries,
under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (i) the respective
charters, by-laws, partnership agreements, trust declarations, or other similar
organizational instruments of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any
statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, order, injunction,
writ, permit or license of any court or Governmental Entity applicable to
Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or
assets or (iii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license,
franchise, permit, concession, contract, lease, partnership agreement, joint
venture agreement or other instrument, obligation or agreement of any kind to
which Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries is now a party or by which Acquiror
or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets may
be bound or affected. The consummation by Acquiror and Acquisition Sub of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in any violation,
conflict, breach, termination, acceleration or creation of any Liens under any
of the terms, conditions or provisions described in clauses (i) through (iii)
of the preceding sentence, subject, in the case of the terms, conditions or
provisions described in clause (ii) above, to obtaining (prior to the Effective
Time) the Acquiror Required Statutory Approvals. There are no consents required
from commercial lenders, lessors or other third parties and all material
violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations, accelerations,
payments, compensations or creations of Liens referred to in the foregoing
sentences of this paragraph (b). Excluded from the foregoing sentences of this
paragraph (b), insofar as they apply to the terms, conditions or
provisions described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the first sentence of this
paragraph (b), and from the preceding sentence, are such violations, conflicts,
breaches, defaults, terminations, accelerations, payments, compensations or
creations of Liens, that, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or materially impair
Acquirors ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

     (c)  Except for Acquiror Required Statutory Approvals, no declaration,
filing or registration with, or notice to, or authorization, consent or
approval of, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Acquiror or Acquisition Sub or the consummation
by Acquiror or Acquisition Sub of the transactions contemplated thereby.
Excluded from the foregoing sentence are such declarations, filings,
registrations, notices, authorizations, consents or approvals which, if not
made or obtained, as the case may be, would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect or materially impair Acquirors
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

4.3 Litigation
. Other than matters existing or arising under Regulatory
Laws in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which
are to be dealt with as provided in 
Section 6.5,
 there are no claims, suits,
actions or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Acquiror, threatened
against, relating to or affecting Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries before
any court, governmental department, commission, agency, instrumentality or
authority or any arbitrator that seek to restrain or enjoin the consummation of
the Merger. Except as set forth in the initial clause of the preceding
sentence, neither Acquiror nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any
judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any court, governmental
department, commission, agency, instrumentality or authority, or any
arbitrator,

A-7



which prohibits or restricts the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

4.4 No Acquiror Stockholders Approval Required
. There is no requirement
of any applicable law, statute, order, rule, regulation, ordinance or judgment
of any governmental or regulatory body or authority (including, without
limitation, any exchange upon which securities of Acquiror are publicly traded)
which requires the approval or adoption by the shareholders of Acquiror of this
Agreement, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.5 Investment Intent
. Acquiror has such knowledge and experience in
financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of acquisition of the Target Common Stock. Acquiror confirms that Target
has made available to Acquiror the opportunity to ask questions of the officers
and management employees of Target and to acquire all information Acquiror
desires about the business and financial condition of Target. The Target
Common Stock is being acquired by Acquiror pursuant to the Merger for the
account of Acquiror, with no intention of distributing or reselling such stock
or any part thereof, and Acquiror will not distribute or resell
such stock or any part thereof, in any manner or transaction which would
be in violation of the Securities Act or the securities law of any state.

4.6 Financial Capability
. Acquiror has the financial capacity to perform
and to cause Acquisition Sub to perform all of its obligations under this
Agreement, and Acquiror has currently available all funds necessary to pay the
consideration set forth in 
Article 3
 and any other amounts contemplated by this
Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, Acquirors ability to consummate
and to cause Acquisition Sub to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
is not contingent on Acquirors ability to complete any public offering or
private placement of equity or debt securities or to obtain any other type of
financing prior to or on the Closing Date.

4.7 No Additional Representations
. Target acknowledges that neither
Acquiror nor Acquisition Sub, nor any other person or entity acting on behalf
of Acquiror, Acquisition Sub, or any Affiliate of Acquiror or Acquisition Sub
has made any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy
or completeness of any information regarding Acquiror or Acquisition Sub, in
each case, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

ARTICLE 5

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TARGET

     Except as otherwise set forth in the Disclosure Schedule of Target
attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference (the 
Target Disclosure
Schedule
), Target represents and warrants to Acquiror and Acquisition Sub as
follows:

5.1 Organization and Qualification
. Target is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and
operate its assets and properties and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted. Target is qualified to do business and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction in which the properties owned, leased or operated by it or
the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary,
except where the failure to

A-8



be so qualified and in good standing will not, when
taken together with all other such failures, have a Material Adverse Effect.
True, accurate and complete copies of Targets certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, in each case as in effect on the date hereof, including all amendments
thereto, have heretofore been delivered to Acquiror or are otherwise publicly
available through the EDGAR system.

5.2 Capitalization
.

     (a)  The authorized capital stock of Target consists of 20,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, $.0001 par value per share, none of which are currently
issued and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, and 130,000,000 shares
of common stock, $.0001 par value per share, 34,816,350 of which were issued and outstanding as of June 7, 2003. All
of such issued and outstanding shares are validly issued and are fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.

     (b)  There are no outstanding subscriptions, options, calls, contracts,
commitments, understandings, restrictions, arrangements, stock appreciation
rights (SARs), phantom stock, rights or warrants, including any right of
conversion or exchange under any outstanding security, instrument or other
agreement and also including any rights plan or other anti-takeover agreement,
obligating Target to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered
or sold, additional shares of Target Capital Stock, or obligating Target to
grant, extend or enter into any such agreement or commitment. There are no
voting trusts, proxies or other agreements or understandings to which Target is
a party or is bound with respect to the voting of any shares of Target Capital
Stock. As of Closing, the terms of the agreements evidencing the Target
Employee Stock Options and the Target Warrants will permit the actions
contemplated by 
Section 3.1(c)
 and 
Section 3.1(d),
 respectively.

     (c)  The Board of Directors of Target has not declared any dividend or
distribution with respect to the Target Common Stock the record or payment date
for which is on or after the date of this Agreement.

     (d)  As of the date hereof, (i) no bonds, debentures, notes or other
indebtedness of Target having the right to vote are issued or outstanding, and
(ii) there are no outstanding contractual obligations of Target or any of its
Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital
stock of Target or any of its Subsidiaries.

     (e)  The Target Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange. No
other securities of Target or any of its Subsidiaries are listed or quoted for
trading on any United States domestic or foreign securities exchange.

5.3 Subsidiaries
.

     (a)  Each Subsidiary of Target is a corporation duly incorporated or an
entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as the case may be, has all
corporate, partnership or other entity derived powers and all governmental
licenses, authorizations, permits, consents and approvals required to carry on
its business as now conducted, except for those licenses, authorizations,
permits, consents and approvals the absence of which would not, individually or
in the

A-9



aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Subsidiary of Target is
duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation or entity, as the case
may be, and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where such qualification
is necessary, except for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. No
Subsidiary of Target is in default in any respect in the performance,
observation or fulfillment of any provision of its articles of incorporation or
bylaws (or similar organizational documents). Other than its Subsidiaries,
Target does not beneficially own or control, directly or indirectly, 5%
or more of any class of equity or similar securities of any corporation or
other organization whether incorporated or unincorporated.

     (b)  All of the outstanding capital stock of, or other voting securities or
ownership interests in, each Subsidiary of Target is owned by Target, directly
or indirectly, free and clear of any Lien and free of any other limitation or
restriction (including, without limitation, any restriction on the right to
vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other voting
securities or ownership interests), other than any restrictions imposed under
the Securities Act. There are no outstanding (i) shares of capital stock or
other voting securities or ownership interests in any of Targets Subsidiaries,
(ii) securities of Target or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into or
exchangeable for shares of capital stock or other voting securities or
ownership interests in any of Targets Subsidiaries or (iii) options or other
rights to acquire from Target or any of its Subsidiaries, or other obligation
of Target or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock or other
voting securities or ownership interests in, or any securities convertible into
or exchangeable for any capital stock or other voting securities or ownership
interests in, any of Targets Subsidiaries. There are no outstanding
obligations of Target or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any of the securities referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or
(iii) of this 
Section 5.3(b).

5.4 Authority; Non-Contravention; Approval
.

     (a)  Target has full corporate power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and, subject to the Stockholders Approval and the Target Required
Statutory Approvals, to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby. The
Board of Directors of Target has adopted resolutions approving this Agreement,
determining that the Merger is in the best interests of Targets Stockholders,
and recommending that the Stockholders approve this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated herein, and such resolutions shall be in force and
effect and neither rescinded nor superseded prior to or as of the Closing Date.
No other corporate proceedings on the part of Target are necessary to
authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement or, except for the
Stockholders Approval, the consummation by Target of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Target has duly executed and delivered this Agreement
and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by Acquiror
and Acquisition Sub, this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding
agreement of Target enforceable against Target in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforcement may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to
enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) general equitable
principles.

     (b)  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Target does not
violate, conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute
a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
constitute a default) under, or result in the termination of,

A-10



or accelerate the
performance required by, or result in a right of termination or acceleration
under, or give rise to any obligation to make payments or provide compensation
under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of Target under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (i) the
respective charters, by-laws, partnership agreements, trust declarations, or
other similar organizational instruments of Target or any of its Subsidiaries,
(ii)any statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, order,
injunction, writ, permit or license of any court or governmental authority
applicable to Target or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
properties or assets or (iii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of
trust, license, franchise, permit, concession, contract, lease, partnership
agreement, joint venture agreement or other instrument, obligation or agreement
of any kind to which Target or any of its Subsidiaries is now a party or by
which Target or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties
or assets may be bound or affected. The consummation by Target of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in any violation,
conflict, breach, termination, acceleration or creation of Liens under any of
the terms, conditions or provisions described in clauses (i) through (iii) of
the preceding sentence, subject (A) in the case of the terms, conditions or
provisions described in clause (ii) above, to obtaining (prior to the Effective
Time) Target Required Statutory Approvals and the Stockholders Approval and
(B) in the case of the terms, conditions or provisions described in clause
(iii) above, to obtaining (prior to the Effective Time) consents required from
lessors or other third parties. Excluded from the foregoing sentences of this
paragraph (b), insofar as they apply to the terms, conditions or provisions
described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the first sentence of this paragraph (b)
are such violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations,
accelerations, payments, compensations or creations of Liens that, individually
or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect or materially impair Targets ability to perform its obligations
under this Agreement.

     (c)  Except for Target Required Statutory Approvals, no declaration, filing
or registration with, or notice to, or authorization, consent or approval of,
any governmental or regulatory body or authority is necessary for the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by Target or the consummation by Target of the
transactions contemplated thereby. Excluded from the foregoing sentence are
such declarations, filings, registrations, notices, authorizations, consents or
approvals which, if not made or obtained, as the case may be, would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect or materially
impair Targets ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

     (d)  The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Target Common Stock (the 
Stockholders Approval
) 
is the only vote
of the holders of any class or series of Targets capital stock necessary to
approve the Merger and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

5.5 SEC Documents
.

     (a)  Target has previously delivered (except to the extent such filings are
publicly available on the EDGAR system) to Acquiror each registration
statement, report, proxy statement or information statement (other than
preliminary materials) filed by Target with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (

SEC

) since January 1, 2002, each in the form (including exhibits
and any amendments thereto) filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof, and

A-11



Target has timely filed all forms, reports and documents required to be filed
by it with the SEC pursuant to relevant securities statutes, regulations,
policies and rules since such time (collectively, the 

Target Reports

). As of
their respective dates, the Target Reports (i) were prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder and complied
with the then applicable accounting requirements and (ii) did not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each of
the consolidated balance sheets included in the Target Reports (including the
related notes and schedules) fairly presents in all material respects the
consolidated financial position of Target and its Subsidiaries as of its date
and each of the consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and
stockholders equity included in the Target Reports (including any related
notes and schedules) fairly presents in all material respects the results of
operations, cash flows or changes in stockholders equity, as the case may be,
of Target and its Subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein, in each case
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied during the periods involved, except, in the case of unaudited
statements, for year-end audit adjustments and as otherwise may be noted
therein.

     (b)  Target maintains disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule
13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act; such controls and procedures are
effective to ensure that all material information concerning Target and its
Subsidiaries is made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for
the preparation of Targets filings with the SEC and other public disclosure
documents.

5.6 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities
. Target did not have at December 31,
2002, nor, to the knowledge of Target, has it incurred since that date, any
liabilities or obligations (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise)
of any nature, except liabilities, obligations or contingencies which (a) are
disclosed in the Target Reports, (b) were incurred after December 31, 2002 in
the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, (c) could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect or (d) have been discharged or paid in full prior to
the date hereof. Target has not been a party to any securitization
transactions or off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303 of
Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) at any time since January 1, 1999.

5.7 Absence of Certain Changes or Events
. Except as set forth in or
contemplated by this Agreement or the Target Disclosure Schedule, since
December 31, 2002, Target has not suffered or experienced any Material Adverse
Effect and has not engaged in any material transaction of a kind that would be
prohibited after the date hereof pursuant to 
Section 6.1.

5.8 Litigation
. Other than matters existing or arising under Regulatory
Laws in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which
are to be dealt with as provided in 
Section 6.5,
 there are no claims, suits,
actions or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Target, threatened
against, relating to or affecting Target before any court, governmental
department, commission, agency, instrumentality or authority or any arbitrator
that seek to restrain or enjoin the consummation of the Merger or seek other relief or remedy and which
could reasonably be expected, either alone or in the aggregate with all such
claims, actions or proceedings not otherwise disclosed in 
Section 5.8
 of the
Target Disclosure Schedule, to have

A-12



a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set
forth in the initial clause of the preceding sentence, neither Target nor any
of its Subsidiaries is subject to any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or
order of any court, governmental department, commission, agency,
instrumentality or authority, or any arbitrator, which prohibits or restricts
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or which
could reasonably be expected, either alone or in the aggregate with all
judgments, decrees, injunctions, rules or orders, to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

5.9 No Violation of Law
. Neither Target nor any of its Subsidiaries is in
violation of or has been given notice or been charged with any violation of,
any law, statute, order, rule, regulation, ordinance or judgment of any
governmental or regulatory body or authority, except for violations which,
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Target and its Subsidiaries have all permits,
licenses, approvals, authorizations of and registrations with and under all
laws, and from all Governmental Entities, required by Target and its
Subsidiaries to carry on their respective businesses as currently conducted,
except where the failure to have such permits, licenses, approvals,
authorizations and registrations, individually or in the aggregate with such
other failures not otherwise disclosed in 
Section 5.9
 of the Target Disclosure
Schedule, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.10 Compliance with Agreements
. Neither Target nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in breach or violation of or in default in the performance or
observance of any term or provision of, and no event has occurred which, with
lapse of time or action by a third party, could result in a default under, (a)
the charter and by-laws of Target or (b) the contracts, commitments,
agreements, leases, licenses, and other instruments specifically disclosed in
the Target Reports (the 

Material Contracts

) or 
Section 5.16
 of the Target
Disclosure Schedule, except, in the case of clause (b) above, for breaches,
violations and defaults which, alone or in the aggregate, could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.11 Taxes
.

     (a)  Target and its Subsidiaries have (i) duly filed with the appropriate
governmental authorities all Tax Returns required to be filed for all periods
ending on or prior to the Effective Time, and for which a tax return is
required by applicable law to be filed on or prior to such Effective Time
(including pursuant to extensions properly obtained), and such filed Tax
Returns are correct and complete in all material respects, (ii) duly paid in
full or made adequate provision for the payment of all Taxes for all periods
ending at or prior to December 31, 2002 and (iii) duly withheld and paid all
Taxes required by applicable law to have been withheld and paid as of the
Effective Time in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee,
independent contractor, creditor, or other third party. No claim has ever been
made by an authority in a jurisdiction where any of Target or its Subsidiaries does not file Tax
Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. The
liabilities and reserves for Taxes reflected in the balance sheet included in
the Target Reports as of and for the period ended December 31, 2002 are
adequate to cover all Taxes of Target and its Subsidiaries for all periods
ending at or prior to the date of such balance sheet and there are no material
Liens for Taxes upon any property or asset of either of Target or any of its
Subsidiaries, except for Liens for Taxes not yet due. No audit or
administrative or judicial Tax proceeding is pending or being conducted with
respect to Target or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither Target nor any Subsidiary
has received any notice

A-13



indicating an intent to open an audit or other review,
a request for information related to Tax matters, or notice of deficiency or
proposed adjustment for any amount of Tax proposed, asserted or assessed.
Target has delivered to Acquiror correct and complete copies of all federal
income Tax Returns filed for 1999, 2000, 2001 and 2002, if filed, and for all
other open years. There are no unresolved issues of law or fact which, to the
knowledge of Target, exist or which arise out of a notice of deficiency,
proposed deficiency or assessment from the Internal Revenue Service or any
other governmental taxing authority with respect to Taxes of Target or its
Subsidiaries. Neither Target nor any of its Subsidiaries has waived any
statute of limitations in respect of Taxes or agreed to any extension of time
with respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency other than waivers and
extensions which are no longer in effect. Neither Target nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to any agreement providing for the allocation or
sharing of Taxes with any entity that is not, directly or indirectly, a wholly
owned Subsidiary of Target. Excluded from this 
Section 5.11
 are any Taxes, Tax
Returns or other matters pertaining to Taxes of Target which, alone or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (b)  Neither Target nor any Subsidiary is a party to any agreement,
contract, arrangement or plan that has resulted or would result, separately or
in the aggregate, in the payment of (i) any excess parachute payment within
the meaning of Code 280G, or (ii) any amount that will not be fully deductible
as a result of Code 162(m).

5.12 Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA
.

     (a)  The Target Disclosure Schedule lists all material compensation and
employee benefit plans, programs, arrangements and practices, including
employee benefit plans within the meaning set forth in section 3(3) of ERISA,
maintained by Target (the 

Target Plans

), or to which it makes or is obligated
to make contributions pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement (the 

Union
Plans

). No Target Plan is subject to Title IV of ERISA or section 412 of the
Code.

     (b)  There have been no prohibited transactions within the meaning of
section 406 or section 407 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code with respect to
any of the Target Plans that could result in penalties, taxes or liabilities
which, individually or in the aggregate, could have a Material Adverse Effect.
No liability has been or is expected to be incurred under Title IV of ERISA
with respect to any of the Union Plans. Each of the Target Plans has been
operated and administered in all material respects in accordance with
applicable laws and agreements during the period of time covered by the
applicable statute of limitations, to the extent any such failure could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the
Target Plans which is intended to be qualified within the meaning of section 401(a)
of the Code is so qualified. To the knowledge of Target, there are no material
pending, threatened or anticipated claims involving any of the Target Plans
other than claims for benefits in the ordinary course. To the knowledge of
Target, all contributions required to have been made to the Target Plans and
the Union Plans by Target have been made.

5.13 Labor
. There are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of
Target, threatened between Target or any of its Subsidiaries and any
representatives of any of their employees. To the knowledge of Target, there
are no organizational efforts presently being made involving any of the
presently unorganized employees of Target or its Subsidiaries and no

A-14



executive
or key employee or group of employees of Target has any plan to terminate his
or her employment with Target. Target and its Subsidiaries have complied with
all laws relating to employment and labor, including, without limitation, any
provisions thereof relating to wages, hours, collective bargaining and the
payment of social security and similar Taxes. No person has asserted that
Target or any of its Subsidiaries is liable for any arrears of wages or any
Taxes or penalties for failure to comply with any of such laws. Excluded from
the foregoing sentences of this 
Section 5.13
 are controversies, organizational
efforts, non-compliance and liabilities which, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.14 Real Estate
.

     (a)  The Target Disclosure Schedule sets forth the address of all material
real property owned by Target or any Subsidiary of Target as of the date hereof
(the 
Owned Real Property

). Target or one of its Subsidiaries, as applicable,
holds good and marketable title to the Owned Real Property, free and clear of
all Liens except for (i) Liens for current Taxes or assessments that are not
yet delinquent, (ii) builder, mechanic, warehousemen, materialmen, contractor,
workmen, repairmen, carrier or other similar Liens arising and continuing in
the ordinary course of business for obligations that are not yet delinquent,
(iii) the rights, if any, of vendors having possession of tooling of Target and
its Subsidiaries, (iv) liens arising from the receipt by Target and its
Subsidiaries of progress payments by the United States government, (v) Liens
securing rental payments under capital lease arrangements and (vi) other Liens
which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (b)  The Target Disclosure Schedule sets forth the address of all material
real property in which Target or any Subsidiary of Target holds a leasehold or
subleasehold estate (the 
Leased Real Property

; the leases or subleases for
such Leased Real Property being referred to as the 
Leases
). With respect to
each of the Leases: (i) Target or such Subsidiary, as applicable, holds good
and marketable title to the leasehold interest thereunder; and (ii) neither
Target nor any Subsidiary has assigned, subleased, mortgaged, deeded in trust
or otherwise transferred or encumbered such Lease, or any interest therein.

5.15 Environmental Matters
. Target and its Subsidiaries have conducted their business in compliance
with all applicable Environmental Laws, including, without limitation, having
all permits, licenses and other approvals and authorizations necessary for the
operation of their business as presently conducted. None of the properties
currently or, to the knowledge of Target, formerly owned or operated by Target
and its Subsidiaries contain any Hazardous Substance in amounts exceeding the
levels permitted by applicable Environmental Laws. Target and its Subsidiaries
have not received any notices, demand letters or requests for information from
any Governmental Entity or third party, which has not heretofore been resolved
with such Governmental Entity or third party, indicating that Target or any of
its Subsidiaries may be in violation of, or liable under, any Environmental
Law. There are no civil, criminal or administrative actions, suits, demands,
claims, hearings, investigations or proceedings pending or to the knowledge of
Target, threatened against Target or any of its Subsidiaries relating to any
violation, or alleged violation, of any Environmental Law. No reports have
been filed, or are required to be filed, by Target or any of its Subsidiaries
concerning the release of any Hazardous Substance or the threatened or actual
violation of any Environmental Law which have not

A-15



heretofore been resolved. No
Hazardous Substance has been disposed of, released or transported in violation
of any applicable Environmental Law from any properties owned by Target or any
of its Subsidiaries. No remediation or investigation of Hazardous Substances
is occurring at any property owned or operated, or formerly owned or operated,
by Target or any of its Subsidiaries. Target and its Subsidiaries and any of
their respective properties are not subject to any liabilities or expenditures
(fixed or contingent) relating to any suit, settlement, court order,
administrative order, regulatory requirement, judgment or claim asserted or
arising under any Environmental Law. Excluded from this 
Section 5.15
 are any
violations or conditions that, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.16 Contracts and Commitments
. Except for the Material Contracts,
neither Target nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by: (a) any
agreements with any present Stockholder, employee, officer or director (or
former stockholder, employee, officer or director to the extent there remain at
the date hereof obligations to be performed by Target or any of its
Subsidiaries); (b) any material agreements with a consultant or sales
representative not terminable upon 30 days written notice; (c) agreements or
indentures relating to the borrowing of money having a remaining principal
balance on the date hereof in an amount exceeding $1,000,000; (d) any joint
venture or profit-sharing agreement; (e) contracts, not entered into in the
ordinary course of business on an arms-length basis, that are material to
Target; (f) any collective bargaining agreements, memoranda or understanding,
settlements or other labor agreements with any union or labor organization
applicable to Target, its Affiliates or their employees; (g) any agreements or
arrangements for the acquisition or sale of any business of Target entered into
since January 1, 2001 or any such agreement or arrangement, regardless of when
such agreement or arrangement was entered into, that has not yet been
consummated; (h) any agreement which imposes non-competition or
non-solicitation restrictions other than any organizational conflict of
interest prohibition, restriction, representation, warranty, or notice
provision or any other restriction on future contracting set forth in Targets
Government Contracts; (i) any employment, severance or other similar agreement
which contains a change of control or golden parachute provision; and (j) any
other agreements to which Target or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by
which they or any of their assets are bound and which involves consideration or other obligation in
excess of $10,000,000 annually.

5.17 Intellectual Property Rights
.

     (a)  To the knowledge of Target, (i) Target and its Subsidiaries own all
right, title and interest in or have valid and enforceable rights to use, by
license or other agreement, all of the Intellectual Property Rights that are
currently used in the conduct of Targets or any of its Subsidiarys business,
free of all liens, pledges, charges, options, rights of first refusal, security
interests or other encumbrances of any kind, (ii) no action, claim,
arbitration, proceeding, audit, hearing, investigation, litigation or suit
(whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or informal) has
commenced, been brought or heard by or before any Governmental Entity or
arbitrator or is pending or is threatened in writing by any third Person with
respect to any Intellectual Property Rights owned or used by Target or any of
its Subsidiaries in connection with their respective businesses as currently
conducted, including any of the foregoing that alleges that the operation of
any such business infringes, misappropriates, impairs, dilutes or otherwise
violates the rights of others, and there are no grounds for the same, and
Target and its Subsidiaries are not subject to any outstanding injunction,
judgment, order, decree, ruling,

A-16



 charge, settlement, or other dispute involving
any third Persons Intellectual Property Rights, and (iii) no person has
infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, or is infringing,
misappropriating or otherwise violating, any Intellectual Property Rights owned
or used by Target or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with their
respective businesses as currently conducted and neither Target nor any of its
Subsidiaries has brought or threatened any such claims, suits, arbitrations or
other adversarial proceedings against any third party that remain unresolved.
Excluded from the foregoing provisions of this 
Section 5.17
 are matters that,
individually or in the aggregate with other such matters not otherwise
disclosed in 
Section 5.17
 of the Target Disclosure Schedule, could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All of the material
Intellectual Property owned or used by Target or any of its Subsidiaries prior
to the Closing will be owned or available for use by Target and its
Subsidiaries immediately after the Closing on substantially the same terms and
conditions as prior to the Closing.

     (b)  For purposes of this Agreement, 

Intellectual Property Rights

 means
any or all rights in, arising out of or associated with any of the following:
(i) all United States, international and foreign patents and patent
applications (including all reissues, reexaminations, divisionals, renewals,
extensions, provisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, patent
disclosures, mask works and integrated circuit topographies) and all
equivalents thereof; (ii) all computer software (including source and object
code) and related documentation, confidential information, trade secrets,
inventions (whether patentable or not), business information, customer lists,
know how, show how, technology and all documentation relating to any of the
foregoing; (iii) all United States and foreign copyrights, copyright
registrations and applications therefor in both published and unpublished
works; (iv) all United States and foreign trademarks and service marks (whether
or not registered), trade names, designs, logos, slogans and general
intangibles of like nature, together with all goodwill appurtenant thereto, and
applications for registration of any of the foregoing; and (v) Internet domain
name registrations and applications therefor.

5.18 Section 203 of the DGCL Not Applicable
. The Board of Directors of
Target has approved the Merger, this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, and such approval is sufficient to render
inapplicable to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby the
restrictions contained in section 203 of the DGCL.

5.19 Government Contracts
. To the knowledge of Target, with respect to
any contracts and subcontracts (at any tier) with Governmental Entities to
which Target or any of its Subsidiaries is a party (collectively, 

Government
Contracts

), there is, as of the date of this Agreement, no (i) civil fraud or
criminal investigation by any Governmental Entity that, individually or in the
aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Target, (ii) suspension or debarment proceeding (or equivalent
proceeding) against Target or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in
the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Target, (iii) request by a Governmental Entity for a contract
price adjustment based on a claimed disallowance by the Defense Contract Audit
Agency (or other applicable Governmental Entity) or claim of defective pricing
in excess of $1 million, (iv) dispute between Target or any of its Subsidiaries
and a Governmental Entity which, since December 31, 2002, has resulted in a
government contracting officers final decision where the amount in controversy
exceeds or is expected to exceed $1

A-17



million or (v) claim or equitable
adjustment by Target or any of its Subsidiaries against a Governmental Entity
in excess of $1 million.

5.20 Relations with Governments
. To the knowledge of Target, neither
Target nor any of its Subsidiaries has given or offered anything of value to
any governmental official, political party or candidate for government office
in violation of any applicable law, nor have any of them otherwise taken any
action which would cause Target or any of its Subsidiaries to be in violation
of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any applicable law
of similar effect.

5.21 No Additional Representations
. Acquiror and Acquisition Sub
acknowledge that neither Target nor any other Person advising or acting on
behalf of Target or any Affiliate of Target (i) has made any representation or
warranty express or implied, including any implied representation or warranty,
as to the condition, merchantability, suitability or fitness for a particular
purpose of any of the assets used in the businesses of or held by Target, or
(ii) has made any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the
accuracy or completeness of any information regarding Target or the business
conducted by Target, in each case except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement or as and to the extent required by this Agreement to be set forth in
the Target Disclosure Schedule.

ARTICLE 6

COVENANTS

6.1 Conduct of Business by Target Pending the Merger
. Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement after the date
hereof and prior to the Closing Date or earlier termination of this Agreement,
unless Acquiror shall otherwise agree in writing, Target shall, and shall cause
its Subsidiaries to:

     (a)  conduct its business in the ordinary and usual course of business and
consistent with past practice;

     (b)  not (i) amend or propose to amend its certificate of incorporation or
by-laws, (ii) split, combine or reclassify its outstanding capital stock or
(iii) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or distribution payable in stock
or property;

     (c)  not issue, sell, pledge or dispose of, or agree to issue, sell, pledge
or dispose of, any additional shares of, or any options, warrants or rights of
any kind to acquire any shares of its or its Subsidiaries capital stock, or
any debt or equity securities convertible into, exchangeable for or exercisable
for such capital stock, or enter into any contract, agreement, commitment or
arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing;

     (d)  not (i) incur or become contingently liable with respect to any
indebtedness for borrowed money other than borrowings and refinancings in the
ordinary course of business, (ii) redeem, purchase, acquire or offer to
purchase or acquire any shares of its capital stock or any options, warrants or
rights to acquire any of its capital stock or any security convertible into or
exchangeable for its capital stock, (iii) make any acquisition of any assets or
businesses or any other capital expenditures other than expenditures for fixed
or capital assets in the ordinary course of business, (iv) sell, pledge,
dispose of or encumber any assets or businesses other than

A-18



sales in the
ordinary course of business, (v) loan, advance funds or make any investment in
or capital contribution to any other Person other than to any Subsidiary or
otherwise in the ordinary course of business, or (vi) enter into any contract,
agreement, commitment or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing;

     (e)  use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business
organizations and goodwill, keep available the services of its present officers
and key employees, preserve the goodwill and business relationships with
customers, suppliers and others having business relationships with Target and
not engage in any action, directly or indirectly, with the intent to adversely
impact the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

     (f)  subject to restrictions imposed by applicable law and upon request,
meet on a regular and frequent basis with one or more representatives of
Acquiror to report on the general status of the business of Target;

     (g)  not enter into or amend any employment, consulting, severance, special
pay arrangement with respect to termination of employment or other similar
arrangements or agreements with any directors, officers, consultants or key
employees
;

     (h)  not adopt, enter into or amend any bonus, profit sharing,
compensation, stock option, pension, retirement, deferred compensation, health
care, employment or other employee benefit plan, agreement, trust, fund or
arrangement for the benefit of any employee or retiree, except as required to
comply with changes in applicable law or applicable collective bargaining
agreements; and

     (i)  use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain with financially
responsible insurance companies insurance on its tangible assets and its
business in such amounts and against such risks and losses as are consistent
with past practice.

6.2 Control of Operations
. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give
to Acquiror, directly or indirectly, rights to control or direct the operations
of Target prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective Time, Target
shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
complete control and supervision of its and its Subsidiaries operations.

6.3 No Solicitation by Target
.

     (a)  Target agrees that it and its Subsidiaries will not (and Target will
not permit its or its Subsidiaries officers, directors, employees, agents or
representatives, including any investment banker, attorney or accountant
retained by Target or any of its Subsidiaries, to):

     (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly facilitate or encourage the
making by any Person (other than Acquiror and its Affiliates) of any
inquiry, proposal or offer (including any proposal or offer to Targets
Stockholders) that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead
to, a proposal for any tender offer, merger, consolidation, business
combination or similar transaction involving Target or any of its
Subsidiaries and a third party, or any acquisition by a third party of
any capital stock of Target (other than upon the exercise of the Target
Employee Stock Options that are outstanding on the date hereof

A-19



in
accordance with their terms) or any business or assets of Target or any
of its Subsidiaries (other than acquisitions of a business or assets in
the ordinary course of business that constitute less than 10% of the net
revenues, net operating income or assets of Target and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole), or any combination of the foregoing, in a single
transaction or a series of related transactions (in each case, an

Acquisition Proposal
);

     (ii) participate or engage in discussions or negotiations concerning
an Acquisition Proposal (and Target, its Subsidiaries and all such
persons shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing
discussions or negotiations with any third parties conducted heretofore
with respect to any Acquisition Proposal), or furnish or disclose to any
Person any information with respect to or in furtherance of any
Acquisition Proposal;

     (iii) grant any waiver or release under any confidentiality
agreement, standstill agreement or similar agreement with respect to
Target or any of its Subsidiaries; or

     (iv) execute or enter into any agreement, understanding or
arrangement (other than a confidentiality agreement in substantially the
same form and on substantially the same terms as the Confidentiality
Agreement and which does not prevent Target from complying with its
obligations under this Agreement) with respect to any Acquisition
Proposal, or approve or recommend or propose to approve or recommend any
Acquisition Proposal or any agreement, understanding or arrangement
relating to any Acquisition Proposal (or resolve or authorize or propose
to agree to do any of the foregoing actions).

     (b)  Nothing contained in the foregoing 
Section 6.3(a)
 shall prevent
Target, at any time prior to receipt of Stockholders Approval with respect to
the Merger, from (i) complying with Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange
Act with regard to an Acquisition Proposal and (ii) from providing information
(pursuant to a confidentiality agreement permitted by 
Section 6.3(a)(iv))
 to or
engaging in any negotiations or discussions with any person or group who has
made an unsolicited bona fide Acquisition Proposal with respect to all of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of Target or all or substantially all of
the assets of Target if, with respect to such actions, (x) in the good faith
judgment of the Board of Directors of Target, taking into account, among other
things, the likelihood of consummation and after consultation with its
financial advisors, such Acquisition Proposal is reasonably likely to result in
a transaction more favorable to the holders of Target Common Stock from a
financial point of view than the Merger (a 

Superior Proposal

) and (y) the
Board of Directors of Target, after consultation with its outside legal
counsel, determines in good faith that such actions are required by its
fiduciary obligations under applicable law.

     (c)  Target agrees that it will notify Acquiror promptly (and in any event
within 24 hours) if any proposal or offer relating to or constituting an
Acquisition Proposal is received by, any information is requested from, or any
discussions or negotiations are sought to be initiated or continued with,
Target or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives.
The notice shall be in writing and state the identity of the person or group
making such request or inquiry or engaging in such negotiations or discussions
and the material terms and conditions of

A-20



any Acquisition Proposal. Thereafter,
Target shall keep Acquiror fully informed on a prompt basis (and in any event
within 24 hours) of any material changes, additions or adjustments to the terms
of any such proposal or offer. Prior to taking any action referred to in

Section 6.3(b),
 if Target intends to participate in any such discussions or
negotiations or provide any such information to any such third party, Target
shall give written notice to Acquiror.

     (d)  Nothing in this 
Section 6.3
 shall permit Target to enter into any
agreement with respect to an Acquisition Proposal during the term of this
Agreement, it being agreed that, during the term of this Agreement, Target
shall not enter into any agreement with any person with respect to or that
provides for, or in any way facilitates, an Acquisition Proposal, other than a
confidentiality agreement permitted by Section 6.3(a)(iv).

     (e)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if, prior to
obtaining Stockholders Approval with respect to the Merger, the Board of
Directors of Target determines, in its good faith judgment, that an Acquisition
Proposal is a Superior Proposal, the Board of Directors of Target may terminate
this Agreement (subject to Targets obligations under 
Article 8
); provided,
that (i) Target provides at least five business days prior written notice to
the Parent of its intention to terminate this Agreement in the absence of any
further action by Acquiror, (ii) during such five business day period (or
longer period if extended by Target and Acquiror, the 
Negotiation Period
),
Target agrees to negotiate in good faith with Acquiror regarding such changes
as Acquiror may propose to the terms of this Agreement, with the intent of
enabling Acquiror to agree to a modification of this Agreement so that the
transactions contemplated hereby may be consummated; and (iii) after expiration of the Negotiation
Period and prior to such termination, the Board of Directors of Target confirms
in writing to Acquiror that (x) it has determined (after consultation with
outside legal counsel and an independent financial advisor) that the
Acquisition Proposal remains a Superior Proposal taking into account any
modifications to the terms of this Agreement proposed by Acquiror, (y) Target
intends to accept such Superior Proposal and (z) Target acknowledges its
obligations under 
Section 8.3(b)
.

6.4 Meeting of Stockholders
.

     (a)  Target will take all action necessary in accordance with applicable
law and its certificate of incorporation and bylaws to convene as promptly as
practicable after the date hereof a meeting of its stockholders (the


Stockholders Meeting

) and shall submit the Merger for approval by Targets
Stockholders at such meeting or any adjournment thereof.

     (b)  Target, through its Board of Directors, shall recommend approval and
adoption of the Merger by Targets Stockholders at the Stockholders Meeting or
any adjournment thereof; provided that the Board of Directors of Target may at
any time prior to receipt of the Stockholders Approval with respect to the
Merger (i) make any disclosures to Targets Stockholders or withdraw, withhold,
modify, or change any recommendation regarding this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) recommend and declare advisable any
Superior Proposal, if the Board of Directors of Target determines in good faith
after consultation with its outside legal counsel that such action is required
by its fiduciary obligations under applicable law. Target shall be required to
comply with its obligations under 
Section 6.4(a)
 whether or not its Board of
Directors withdraws, modifies, withholds, or changes its

A-21



recommendation or
declaration regarding this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or
recommends or declares the advisability of any other offer or proposal.

6.5 Agreement to Cooperate; HSR Filings
.

     (a)  Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, each of the
parties hereto shall use its best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
action and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or
advisable under applicable laws to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, subject, however, to the requisite
vote of the Stockholders.

     (b)  Without limitation of the foregoing, Acquiror and Target undertake and
agree to file as soon as practicable (and in any event not later than ten days
after the date hereof), if required by law, a Notification and Report Form
under the HSR Act with the Federal Trade Commission (the 

FTC

) and the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the 

DOJ

).

     (c)  Each of Acquiror and Target shall, in connection with the efforts
referenced in 
Section 6.5(a)
 to obtain all requisite approvals and
authorizations for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under the
HSR Act or any other Regulatory Law, use its best efforts to (i) cooperate in
all respects with each other in connection with any filing or submission
and in connection with any request by the FTC or DOJ for additional
information and documents or any investigation or other inquiry, including any
proceeding initiated by a private party; (ii) promptly inform the other party
of any communication received by such party from, or given by such party to,
the FTC, the DOJ or any other Governmental Entity and of any material
communication received or given in connection with any proceeding by a private
party, in each case regarding any of the transactions contemplated hereby;
(iii) permit the other party to review any communication given by it to, and
consult with each other in advance of any meeting or conference with, the FTC,
the DOJ or any such other Governmental Entity or, in connection with any
proceeding by a private party, with any other Person, and to the extent
permitted by the FTC, the DOJ or such other applicable Governmental Entity or
other person, give the other party the opportunity to attend and participate in
such meetings and conferences; and (iv) promptly take reasonable actions to
respond to inquiries from the FTC, DOJ or any other Governmental Authority
regarding the legality under any antitrust law of Acquirors acquisition of
Target.

6.6 Access to Information
.

     (a)  Target has given and will continue to give to Acquiror and its
accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other representatives (the

Acquiror Representatives

), reasonable access during normal business hours to
its personnel, properties, books, contracts, commitments and records; 
provided,
however
, that no investigation pursuant to this 
Section 6.6(a)
 shall amend or
modify any representations or warranties made herein or the conditions to the
obligations of the respective parties to consummate the Merger; 
provided,
further
, that the foregoing right of access shall not require furnishing
information that, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, would violate any laws,
or any confidentiality agreements with respect to such information.

     (b)  Acquiror shall hold and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause the Acquiror Representatives to hold, and Target shall hold and shall use
commercially reasonable

A-22



efforts to cause its accountants, counsel, financial
advisors and other representatives to hold, in strict confidence all non-public
documents and information furnished to Acquiror or to Target, as the case may
be, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except
that (i) Acquiror and Target may disclose such information as may be necessary
in connection with seeking the Acquiror Required Statutory Approvals, the
Target Required Statutory Approvals and the Stockholders Approval and (ii)
after consultation, each of Acquiror and Target may disclose any information
that it is required by law or judicial or administrative order to disclose.

     (c)  The Confidentiality Agreement shall remain in full force and effect
until Closing and, if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to 
Article 8,
 such
Confidentiality Agreement shall continue in accordance with its terms. In the
event that this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, each
party shall promptly redeliver to the other or destroy all non-public written
material described in this 
Section 6.6
 and shall not retain any copies,
extracts or other reproductions in whole or in part of such written material.
In such event, all documents, memoranda, notes and other writings prepared by
Acquiror or Target based on the information in such material shall be destroyed
(and Acquiror and Target shall use their respective commercially reasonable
efforts to cause their advisors and representatives to similarly destroy
their documents, memoranda and notes), and such destruction (and
commercially reasonable efforts) shall be certified in writing by an authorized
officer supervising such destruction.

     (d)  Target shall promptly advise Acquiror in writing of any change or the
occurrence of any event after the date of this Agreement having, or which,
insofar as can reasonably be foreseen, in the future may have, a Material
Adverse Effect on Target.

6.7 Proxy Statement
.

     (a)  Each of Target and Acquiror shall cooperate and as promptly as
practicable prepare, and Target shall file with the SEC as soon as practicable,
a proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (the 

Proxy
Statement

), with respect to the Stockholders Meeting. Target will cause the
Proxy Statement to comply as to form in all material respects with the
applicable provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. Target will advise Acquiror, promptly after it
receives notice thereof, of any request by the SEC for amendment of the Proxy
Statement or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for
additional information, and shall promptly supply Target with copies of all
correspondence between Target, or its representatives, and the SEC or its staff
with respect thereto.

     (b)  Target will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy
Statement to be mailed to its stockholders as promptly as practicable after the
date hereof.

     (c)  Each of Target and Acquiror agrees that the information provided by it
for inclusion in the Proxy Statement and each amendment or supplement thereto,
at the time of mailing thereof and at the time of the Stockholders Meeting
will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. If at any time prior to the Effective Time there shall occur any
event with respect to Target, Acquiror or any of their Subsidiaries, or with
respect to any information provided by

A-23



Target or Acquiror with respect thereto
for inclusion in the Proxy Statement, which event is required to be described
in an amendment of or supplement to the Proxy Statement, such amendment or
supplement shall be promptly filed with the SEC, as required by applicable law,
and disseminated to the stockholders of Target, as applicable.

6.8 Expenses and Fees
. Except as may be otherwise expressly provided in
this Agreement, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated. Expenses of
the Target shall be paid at the Closing Date directly by the Surviving
Corporation.

6.9 Public Statements
. Target, on the one hand, and Acquiror and
Acquisition Sub, on the other hand, agree that, from the date hereof through
the Closing Date, no public release or announcement concerning the transactions contemplated hereby shall be issued or made by
any party without the prior consent of the other party or parties (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), except (a) as such release or
announcement may be required by law or the rules or regulations of any United
States securities exchange, in which case the party required to make the
release or announcement shall allow the other party or parties reasonable time
to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance, and (b)
that each of Acquiror, Acquisition Sub and Target and their respective
Affiliates may make such an announcement to their respective employees.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Acquiror and Target shall cooperate to prepare a
joint press release to be issued on the Closing Date and, upon the request of
either Acquiror or Target, at the time of the signing of this Agreement.

6.10 Target Employees
.

     (a)  As of the Effective Time of the Merger, Acquiror will assume and
perform employment-related obligations of Target under its benefit plans,
employment policies, collective bargaining agreements, and applicable local,
state and federal laws, including without limitation the Worker Adjustment and
Retraining Notification Act, the National Labor Relations Act, the Fair Labor
Standards Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, the Equal Pay, the Occupational Safety and
Health Act, the Employee Income Retirement Security Act, Executive Order 11246,
the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the
common law of the Commonwealth of Virginia and any other local, state or
federal statute, ordinance, executive order, regulation, court decree or other
governmental action having the force and effect of law; 
provided, however
, that
this sentence is not intended to require Acquiror to continue any such plan,
policy or agreement beyond the time when it otherwise lawfully could be
terminated or modified.

     (b)  Acquiror agrees to provide the employees of Target and its
Subsidiaries with compensation and employee benefit plans and programs on
substantially the same basis as the same are provided to similarly situated
employees of Acquiror and its Affiliates (the 

Acquiror Plans

); 
provided,
however
, in lieu thereof Acquiror may elect to continue one or more of Targets
existing benefit plans for any of the employees for such period or periods as
Acquiror may determine; and 
provided further
, that the employees of Target and
its Subsidiaries shall be given credit for all purposes under the Acquiror
Plans for their years of service that are credited

A-24



under any similar Target
Plan (but only to the extent that such credit does not create any duplication
of benefits or benefit accruals under any defined benefit retirement or welfare
plan).

     (c)  Acquiror agrees to maintain the policies of Target governing special
severance payments to employees following a change of control transaction in
effect as of the date of this Agreement for a period of two years from the date
of the Closing and to adhere to the terms and conditions of such policies,
including those terms and conditions set forth in 
Section 6.10(c)
 of the Target
Disclosure Schedule, during such two year period. Target has previously
delivered to Acquiror true and correct copies of all such severance policies.

6.11 Notification of Certain Matters; Supplemental Disclosure
.

     (a)  Each of Target, Acquiror and Acquisition Sub agrees to give prompt
notice to each other of, and to use their respective commercially reasonable
efforts to prevent or promptly remedy, (i) the occurrence or failure to occur
or the impending or threatened occurrence or failure to occur, of any event
which occurrence or failure to occur would be likely to cause any of its
representations or warranties in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in
any material respect at any time from the date hereof to the Effective Time and
(ii) any material failure on its part to comply with or satisfy any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder;

provided, however
, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this 
Section
6.11
 shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to
the party receiving such notice.

     (b)  Until the Closing, Acquiror and Target shall have the continuing
obligation to promptly supplement the information contained in their respective
disclosure schedules attached hereto with respect to any matter hereafter
arising or discovered which, if in existence on the date hereof and known at
the date of this Agreement, would have been required to be set forth or
described in such disclosure schedules.

     (c)  Neither the supplementation of the disclosure schedules pursuant to
the obligation in 
Section 6.11(b)
 nor any disclosure after the date hereof of
the untruth of any representation and warranty made in this Agreement shall
operate as a cure of any breach of (i) the failure to disclose the information,
nor (ii) any untrue representation or warranty made herein.

6.12 Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance
. Acquiror
agrees that for the entire period from the Effective Time until at least six
years after the Effective Time, (a) Acquiror will cause Surviving Corporation
to maintain Targets current directors and officers insurance and
indemnification policy and related arrangements, or an equivalent policy and
related arrangements, subject in either case to terms and conditions no less
advantageous to the present and former Target directors and officers than those
contained in the policy and arrangements in effect on the date hereof, for all
present and former Target directors and officers covering claims made and
insurable events with respect to matters arising or omissions occurring before,
or existing at, the Effective Time (provided that Surviving Corporation will
not be required to maintain such policy except to the extent that the aggregate
annual cost of maintaining such policy is not in excess of one hundred and
fifty percent (150%) of the current annual cost, in which case Surviving
Corporation shall maintain such policies up to an annual cost of one hundred
and fifty percent (150%) of the current annual cost); and (b) Acquiror will

A-25



cause Surviving Corporation to maintain indemnification provisions (including,
without limitation, provisions for expense advances for present and former
Target officers and directors) in Surviving Corporations certificate of
incorporation and bylaws to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL.

6.13 Maintenance of Target Records; Personnel
. For a period of seven
years after the Closing Date (or such longer period as may be required by any
Governmental Entity or as a result of threatened or ongoing litigation or any
tax audit or other administrative proceeding) Acquiror shall not, and shall
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, dispose of or destroy any of the books,
records and files of Target which exist at the Effective Time and which become
subject to the direct or indirect control of Acquiror pursuant to the Merger.

ARTICLE 7

CONDITIONS

7.1 Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to Effect the Merger
. The
respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger shall be subject to
the fulfillment at or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

     (a)  this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have
been approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the Stockholders under
applicable law;

     (b)  the waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger under
the HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated;

     (c)  no laws shall have been adopted or promulgated, and no temporary
restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by
a court or other Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall be in
effect, having the effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting
consummation of the Merger; 
provided, however
, that the provisions of this

Section 7.1(c)
 shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill its
obligations pursuant to 
Section 6.5
 shall have been the cause of, or shall have
resulted in, such order or injunction; and

     (d)  all governmental waivers, consents, orders and approvals legally
required for the consummation of the Merger and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall have been obtained and be in effect on the Closing Date, other
than those, the failure of which to be obtained would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Acquiror.

7.2 Conditions to Obligation of Target to Effect the Merger
. Unless
waived in writing by Target, the obligation of Target to effect the Merger
shall be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the Closing Date of the
following additional condition:

     (a)  Acquiror and Acquisition Sub shall have performed their agreements
contained in this Agreement required to be performed on or prior to the Closing
Date and the representations and warranties of Acquiror and Acquisition Sub
contained in this Agreement, without regard to any materiality or Material
Adverse Effect qualifier contained therein, shall be true and correct on and as
of the date made and on and as of the Closing Date as if made at and as of the
Closing

A-26



Date (except for any representations and warranties made as of a
specified date, which shall be true and correct as of the specified date), in
each case with only those exceptions as have not had and would not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect and would not materially impair Acquirors ability to perform its
obligations under this Agreement, and Target shall have received a certificate
of the Chairman of the Board, the President or a Vice President of Acquiror and of the President or a
Vice President of Acquisition Sub to that effect.

7.3 Conditions to Obligations of Acquiror to Effect the Merger
. Unless
waived in writing by Acquiror, the obligations of Acquiror and Acquisition Sub
to effect the Merger shall be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the
Closing Date of the additional following conditions:

     (a)  Target shall have performed its agreements contained in this Agreement
required to be performed on or prior to the Closing Date and the
representations and warranties of Target contained in this Agreement, without
regard to any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifier contained
threin, shall be true and correct on and as of the date made and on and as of
the Closing Date as if made at and as of the Closing Date (except for any
representations and warranties made as of a specified date, which shall be true
and correct as of the specified date), in each case with only those exceptions
as have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and would not materially impair
Targets ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, and Acquiror
shall have received a certificate of the President or of a Vice President of
Target to that effect; and

     (b)  Dissenting Shares shall constitute no more than 12% of the Target
Common Stock.

ARTICLE 8

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

8.1 Termination
. This Agreement may be terminated as set forth below at
any time prior to the Closing Date, whether before or after the Stockholders
Approval has been obtained:

     (a)  by mutual written consent of Acquiror and Target, by action of their
respective boards of directors; or

     (b)  by Target, if Acquiror or Acquisition Sub (i) fail to perform in any
material respect any of their covenants or agreements in this Agreement and do
not cure such default in all material respects within 15 days after notice of
such default is given to Acquiror or Acquisition Sub, as the case may be, by
Target, or (ii) shall have breached any of their representations and warranties
set forth in 
Article 4
 of this Agreement, which breach cannot be cured prior to
the Closing and has not been waived by Target; or

     (c)  by Acquiror, if

     (i) Target (A) fails to perform in any material respect any of its
covenants or agreements in this Agreement and does not cure such default
in all material respects within 15 days after notice of such default is
given to Target by Acquiror, or (B) shall have breached any of its
representations and warranties set forth in 
Article 5
 of this

A-27



Agreement, which breach cannot be cured prior to the Closing and has
not been waived by Acquiror; or

     (ii) the Board of Directors of Target shall have withdrawn,
modified, withheld or changed, in a manner adverse to Acquiror, its
approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger, or
recommended a Superior Proposal or resolved or committed to do any of the
foregoing; or

     (iii) Dissenting Shares constitute more than 12% of the Target
Common Stock; or

     (d)  by either Acquiror or Target, if

     (i) at the Stockholders Meeting or any adjournment thereof, at
which the Merger shall have been submitted for adoption by the
Stockholders, the Merger shall have failed to receive the Stockholders
Approval; or

     (ii) the Closing shall not have occurred on or before December 31,
2003, provided that this Agreement is not at such date terminable
pursuant to any clause of 
Section 8.1(d)(iii)
 and that the party seeking
to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (ii) shall not have
breached in any material respect its obligations under this Agreement in
any manner that has contributed to the failure to consummate the Merger
on or before such date; or

     (iii) any one of the following shall have occurred:

     (A) the waiting period applicable to the consummation of the
Merger under the HSR Act shall not have expired or been terminated
by December 31, 2003; or

     (B) any Governmental Entity files a complaint or otherwise
commences a proceeding seeking a judgment, injunction, order or
decree enjoining the consummation of the Merger or restraining or
prohibiting the operation of the business of Acquiror or any of its
Subsidiaries or Target or any of its Subsidiaries after the
Effective Time; or

     (C) Acquiror receives notice that the FTC has authorized its
staff to file a complaint, or that the Assistant Attorney General
or other appropriate official at the DOJ has authorized the staff
of the Antitrust Division to seek a preliminary injunction, as the
case may be, enjoining consummation of the Merger; or

     (iv) the Board of Directors of Target shall have provided written
notice to Acquiror that it has determined to accept a Superior Proposal,
provided that Target may terminate this Agreement under this clause (iv)
only if it has complied with all of the provisions of 
Section 6.3.

A-28



8.2 Effect of Termination
. In the event of termination of this Agreement by either Acquiror or
Target, as provided in 
Section 8.1
, this Agreement shall forthwith become void
and there shall be no further obligation on the part of Target, Acquiror,
Acquisition Sub or their respective officers or directors, except as provided
in 
Section 8.3
 and except that in the case of any such termination, this

Section 8.2
 and 
Section 6.6
, 
Section 6.8
, 
Section 6.9
 and 
Section 9.2
 shall
survive. Nothing in this 
Section 8.2
 shall relieve any party from liability
for any willful or intentional breach of this Agreement.

8.3 Termination Payment by Target
. If this Agreement is terminated:

     (a)  by Acquiror pursuant to 
Section 8.1(c)(ii)
, then Target shall pay to
Acquiror promptly, but in no event later than two business days after the date
of such termination, a fee of $30,000,000 (the 
Target Termination Fee
), which
amount shall be payable in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds
to an account designated by Acquiror;

     (b)  by Acquiror or Target pursuant to 
Section 8.1(d)(iv)
, then Target
shall pay to Acquiror the Target Termination Fee, in cash by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to an account designated by Acquiror, no later than
the same day as the first to occur of (i) the consummation of the transaction
constituting such Superior Proposal and (ii) if such transaction is not
consummated for any reason, then the consummation of any other transaction
constituting an Acquisition Proposal if Target enters into a definitive
agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement) with respect to, or
consummates, such transaction within twelve months following such termination;
or

     (c)  by Acquiror pursuant to 
Section 8.1(c)(iii)
 or by Acquiror or Target
pursuant to 
Section 8.1(d)(i)
 or 
Section 8.1(d)(ii)
, and (x) at or prior to the
time of any such termination an Acquisition Proposal shall have been commenced
or publicly disclosed and (y) within twelve months following such termination
Target shall have entered into a definitive agreement (other than a
confidentiality agreement) with respect to, or shall have consummated, an
Acquisition Proposal, then Target shall pay to Acquiror the Target Termination
Fee, in cash by wire transfer in immediately available funds to an account
designated by Acquiror, no later than the same day as the consummation of such
transaction.

     (d)  Target shall, immediately upon any termination by Acquiror or Target
that would require the payment of a Target Termination Fee (including upon the
occurrence of subsequent events), reimburse each of Acquiror, Acquisition Sub
and their respective Affiliates (not later than one business day after
submission of statements therefor) for up to $500,000 of actual and documented
out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses
payable to all counsel, banks, investment banking firms, other financial
institutions and other persons and their respective agents and counsel, for
arranging, committing to provide or providing any financing for the
transactions contemplated hereby or structuring the transactions contemplated
hereby and all fees of counsel, accountants, experts and consultants to
Acquiror, Acquisition Sub and their respective Affiliates, and all printing and
advertising expenses) actually incurred or accrued by any of them or on their
behalf in connection with all the transactions contemplated hereby, including,
without limitation, the financing thereof, and actually incurred by banks,
investment banking firms, other financial institutions and other persons
and assumed by Acquiror or Acquisition Sub in connection with the negotiation,
preparation, execution and

A-29



performance of this Agreement, the structuring and
financing of the transactions contemplated hereby and any financing commitments
or agreements relating thereto (all of the foregoing being referred to herein
collectively as the 
Target Termination Expenses
). In addition, if Target
fails promptly to pay any amount due to Acquiror or Acquisition Sub pursuant to
this 
Section 8.3
, it shall also pay any costs and expenses incurred by Acquiror
or Acquisition Sub (including, but not limited to, all fees and expenses of
counsel) to enforce this Agreement, including any legal action in connection
therewith.

     (e)  Target acknowledges and agrees that (i) the agreements regarding the
payment of fees contained in this 
Section 8.3
 are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, in the absence of such
agreements, Acquiror and Acquisition Sub would not have entered into this
Agreement, and (ii) the damages resulting from the events giving rise to a
payment contemplated in 
Section 8.3(a), (b) and (c)
 of this Agreement are
uncertain and incapable of accurate calculation and that the amounts payable
pursuant to this 
Section 8.3
 are reasonable forecasts of the actual damages
which may be incurred by the parties under such circumstances. The amounts
payable pursuant to this 
Section 8.3
 constitute liquidated damages and not a
penalty and shall be the sole monetary remedy in the event of termination of
this Agreement on the bases specified in 
Section 8.3(a), (b) and (c)
 of this
Agreement.

8.4 Termination Payment by Acquiror
.

     (a)  In the event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to 
Section
8.1(d)(iii)
, then Acquiror shall pay Target promptly, but in no event later
than two business days after the date of such termination, a fee of $30,000,000
(the 
Acquiror Termination Fee
), which amount shall be payable in cash by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Target.

     (b)  Acquiror shall, at such time as a Acquiror Termination Fee is required
to be paid, reimburse Target and its Affiliates (not later than one business
day after submission of statements therefor) for up to $500,000 of actual and
documented out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, fees and
expenses payable to all counsel, banks, investment banking firms, other
financial institutions and other persons and their respective agents and
counsel, for arranging, committing to provide or providing any financing for
the transactions contemplated hereby or structuring the transactions
contemplated hereby and all fees of counsel, accountants, experts and
consultants to Target and its Affiliates, and all printing and advertising
expenses) actually incurred or accrued by any of them or on their behalf in
connection with all the transactions contemplated hereby (all of the foregoing
being referred to herein collectively as the 
Acquiror Termination Expenses
).
In addition, if Acquiror fails promptly to pay any amount due to Target
pursuant to this 
Section 8.4
, it shall also pay any costs and expenses incurred
by Target (including, but not limited to, all fees and expenses of counsel) to
enforce this Agreement, including any legal action in connection therewith.

     (c)  Acquiror and Acquisition Sub acknowledge and agree that (i) the
agreements regarding the payment of fees contained in this 
Section 8.4
 are an
integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, in
the absence of such agreements, Target would not have entered into this
Agreement, and (ii) the damages resulting from the termination of this
Agreement as set forth in 
Section 8.1(d)(iii)
 of this Agreement are uncertain
and incapable of

A-30



accurate calculation and that the amounts payable pursuant to
this 
Section 8.4
 are reasonable forecasts of the actual damages which may be
incurred by the parties under such circumstances. The amounts payable pursuant
to this 
Section 8.4
 constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty and shall
be the sole monetary remedy in the event of termination of this Agreement on
the basis specified in 
Section 8.1(d)(iii)
 of this Agreement.

8.5 Amendment
. This Agreement may not be amended except by action taken
by the parties respective boards of directors or duly authorized committees
thereof or pursuant to authority granted by such boards of directors or duly
authorized committees thereof and then only by an instrument in writing signed
on behalf of each of the parties hereto and in compliance with applicable law.

8.6 Waiver
. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto
may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
acts of the other parties hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant thereto and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to
any such extension or waiver shall be valid if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party.

ARTICLE 9

GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1 Non-Survival
. None of the representations and warranties in this
Agreement shall survive the Merger, and after the Effective Time, no person or
entity shall have any further obligation, nor shall any claim be asserted or
action be brought, with respect thereto. None of the covenants and other
agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this
Agreement, including any rights arising out of any breach of such covenants and
other agreements, shall survive the Effective Time, except for those covenants
and agreements contained herein and therein that by their terms apply or are to
be performed in whole or in part after the Effective Time and this 
Article 9
.

9.2 Brokers
. Target represents and warrants that no broker, finder or
investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or other fee (except
for the fees payable to Credit Suisse First Boston LLC) or commission
(collectively, a 
Finders Fee
) in connection with the Merger or the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or
on behalf of Target. Each of the parties hereto agrees to hold each of the
other parties hereto harmless from
and against any Finders Fee in connection with the Merger contemplated by
this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of such arranging
party.

9.3 Notices
. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed duly given if delivered personally, mailed by
registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), delivered by Federal
Express or other nationally recognized overnight courier service or sent via
facsimile to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

A-31



     (a)  If to Acquiror or Acquisition Sub to:

General Dynamics Corporation

3190 Fairview Park Dr.

Falls Church, VA 22042-4523

Attention: David A. Savner

Telecopier: 703.876.3554

with a copy to:

Jenner & Block, LLC

One IBM Plaza

Chicago, Illinois 60611

Attention: John F. Cox

Telecopier: 312.840.7396

     (b)  If to Target, to:

Veridian Corporation

1200 South Hayes Street

Suite 1100

Arlington, VA 22202

Attention: Jerald S. Howe

Telecopier: 703.575.3200

with a copy to:

Andrews & Kurth L.L.P.

600 JPMorgan Chase Tower, Suite 4200

Houston, Texas 77002

Attention: James V. Baird

Telecopier: 713.238.7120

          All such communications shall be deemed to have been duly given: (A) in
the case of a notice sent by certified or registered mail, on the date
receipted for (or refused) on the return receipt; (B) in the case of a notice
delivered by hand, when personally delivered; (C) in the case of a notice sent
by facsimile, upon transmission subject to telephone confirmation of
receipt; and (D) in the case of a notice sent by overnight mail or
overnight courier service, the date delivered at the designated address, in
each case given or addressed as aforesaid.

9.4 Interpretation
. The headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. In this Agreement, unless a contrary
intention appears, (i) the words herein, hereof and hereunder and other
words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular Article, Section or other subdivision, (ii) the word including
means including without limitation and is intended by the parties to be by
way of example rather than limitation and (iii) reference to any Article or
Section means such Article or Section hereof. No provision

A-32



of this Agreement
shall be interpreted or construed against any party hereto solely because such
party or its legal representative drafted such provision.

9.5 Miscellaneous
. This Agreement (including the documents and
instruments referred to herein) (a) constitutes the entire agreement and
supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and
oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter
hereof, (b) is not intended to confer upon any other person any rights or
remedies hereunder, except for rights of Stockholders and holders of Target
Employee Stock Options and Target Warrants under 
Article 3
 and rights of
indemnified parties under 
Section 6.12
 as herein provided and (c) shall not be
assigned by operation of law or otherwise, except that the Acquiror may assign
this Agreement to any other wholly owned Subsidiaries of Acquiror. THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION
AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS
EXECUTED AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO
THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

9.6 Jurisdiction
. Each of Target, Acquiror and Acquisition Sub hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally consents to submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware and of the United States of
America located in the State of Delaware (the 
Delaware Courts
) for any
litigation arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby (and agrees not to commence any litigation relating thereto
except in such courts), waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such
litigation in the Delaware Courts and agrees not to plead or claim in any
Delaware Court that such litigation brought therein has been brought in an
inconvenient forum; 
provided, however
, that nothing in this 
Section 9.6
 is
intended to waive the right of any party to remove any such action or
proceeding commenced in any such Delaware state court to an appropriate
Delaware federal court to the extent the basis for such removal exists under
applicable law. Acquiror and the Subsidiaries hereby irrevocably (a) appoint
CT Corporation System (the 
Process Agent
), with an office on the date hereof
in Wilmington, Delaware as their agent to receive on behalf of either of them
service of copies of the summons and complaint and any other process which may
be served in any such litigation, (b) agree that
service of process may be made on Acquiror or Acquisition Sub by mailing,
by certified mail, a copy of such summons, complaint or other process to
Acquiror or Acquisition Sub in care of the Process Agent at the Process Agents
above address, with a copy to Acquiror or Acquisition Sub, as applicable, at
its address for notice specified herein, and (c) authorizes and directs the
Process Agent to accept such service on their behalf. Target hereby
irrevocably (i) appoints the Process Agent as its agent to receive on its
behalf service of copies of the summons and complaint and any other process
which may be served in any such litigation, (ii) agrees that service of process
may be made on Target by mailing, by certified mail, a copy of such summons,
complaint or other process to Target in care of the Process Agent at the
Process Agents above address, with a copy to Target at its address for notice
specified herein, and (iii) authorizes and directs the Process Agent to accept
such service on behalf of Target. As an alternative method of service, the
parties further agree that the mailing by certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, of any process required by such courts, to the address
specified in 
Section 9.3
, shall constitute valid and lawful service of process
against them, without necessity for service by any other means provided by
statute or rule of court.

A-33



9.7 Counterparts
. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which
shall constitute one and the same agreement.

9.8 Parties In Interest
. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
solely to the benefit of each party hereto and, except as set forth in the
exception to 
Section 9.5(b)
, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to confer upon any other person any rights or remedies of any nature
whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

9.9 Severability
. Should any provision of this Agreement be judicially
declared to be invalid, unenforceable or void, such decision will not have the
effect of invalidating or voiding the remainder of this Agreement, and the part
or parts of this Agreement so held to be invalid, unenforceable or void will be
deemed to have been stricken herefrom, and the remainder will have the same
force and effectiveness as if such stricken part or parts had never been
included herein.

A-34



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Acquiror, Acquisition Sub and Target have caused this
Agreement to be signed by their respective officers as of the date first
written above.

VERIDIAN CORPORATION

By:

/s/ David H. Langstaff

Name:

David H. Langstaff

Title:

President & CEO

GENERAL DYNAMICS CORPORATION

By:

/s/ David A. Savner

Name:

David A. Savner

Title:

Senior Vice
President and General Counsel, Secretary

ASPEN ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By:

/s/ David A. Savner

Name:

David A. Savner

Title:

Vice President and
Director

A-35



EXHIBIT A

DEFINITIONS  REFERENCE TABLE

     
Acquiror
 has the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble.

     
Acquiror Plans
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 6.10(b)
.

     
Acquiror Representatives
 has the meaning assigned to such term in

Section 6.6(a)
.

     
Acquiror Required Statutory Approvals
 means, collectively, (i) if
required by law, the filings by Acquiror and Target required by the HSR Act,
and expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period and (ii) the
making of the Merger Filing with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware.

     
Acquiror Termination Expenses
 has the meaning assigned to such term in

Section 8.4(b)
.

     
Acquiror Termination Fee
 has the meaning assigned to such term in

Section 8.4(a)
.

     
Acquisition Proposal
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
6.3(a)
.

     
Acquisition Sub
 has the meaning assigned in such term in the Preamble.

     
Acquisition Sub Common Stock
 has the meaning assigned to such term in

Section 3.2
.

Affiliate 
means any Person that directly, or indirectly through one or
more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, the Person specified

     
Agreement
 has the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble.

     
Bid
 means any quotation, bid or proposal by Target or any of its
Affiliates which, if accepted or awarded, would lead to a contract with a
Governmental Entity, or a prime contractor or a higher-tier subcontractor to a
Governmental Entity, for the sale of goods or the provision of services by
Target, any Subsidiary of Target or a contracting team of which Target is a
member.

     
Closing
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 3.5
.

     
Closing Date
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 3.5
.

     
Code
 means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     
Confidentiality Agreement
 means the Confidentiality and Standstill
Agreement dated effective as of May 31, 2003, between Target and Acquiror, as
the same may be amended from time to time.

     
DGCL
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 1.1
.

     
DOJ
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 6.5(b)
.

A-A-1



     
Delaware Courts
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 9.6
.

     
Effective Time
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 1.2
.

     
Environmental Law
 means any Federal, state, local or foreign law,
statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, license, permit, authorization,
approval, consent, legal doctrine, order, judgment, decree, injunction,
requirement or agreement with any Governmental Entity relating to (a) the
protection, preservation or restoration of the environment (including, without
limitation, air, water vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinking water
supply, surface land, subsurface land, plant and animal life or any other
natural resource) or (b) the exposure to, or the use, storage, recycling,
treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling, labeling,
production, release or disposal of, Hazardous Substances, in each case as
amended and as in effect on the date hereof. The term 
Environmental Law

includes, without limitation, (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, 42 U.S.C.  9601 et seq., as amended by
the Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act of 1986 and as further amended,
the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C.  1251 et seq., as amended,
the Solid Waste Disposal Act of 1976, 42 U.S.C.  6901 et seq., as amended, the
Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C.  7401 et seq., as amended, the Toxic Substances
Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., as amended, the Hazardous Material
Transportation Act, 49 Ap. U.S.C.A.  1801 et seq., as amended, the Federal
Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C.  136 et seq., as amended,
and comparable state and local laws, and (ii) any common law or equitable
doctrine (including, without limitation, injunctive relief and tort doctrines
such as negligence, nuisance, trespass and strict liability) that may impose
liability or obligations for injuries or damages due to, or threatened as a
result of, the presence of, effects of or exposure to any Hazardous Substance.

     
ERISA
 means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.

     
Exchange Act
 means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     
Finders Fee
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 9.2
.

     
FTC
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 6.5(b)
.

     
Government Contracts
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
5.19
.

     
Governmental Entity
 means any government or any agency, bureau, board,
commission, court, department, official, political subdivision, tribunal or
other instrumentality of any government, whether federal, state or local,
domestic or foreign.

     
Hazardous Substance
 means any substance presently or hereafter listed,
defined, designated or classified as hazardous, toxic, radioactive, or
dangerous, or otherwise regulated, under any Environmental Law. Hazardous
Substance includes any substance to which exposure is regulated by any
government authority or any Environmental Law including, without limitation,
any toxic waste, pollutant, contaminant, hazardous substance, toxic substance,
hazardous waste, special waste, industrial substance or petroleum or any
derivative or by-product thereof, radon, radioactive material, asbestos, or
asbestos containing material, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, lead or
polychlorinated biphenyls.

A-A-2



     
HSR Act
 means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
as amended.

     
Intellectual Property Rights
 has the meaning assigned to such term in

Section 5.17
.

     
knowledge
 means, as to any party, the chief executive officer, chief
operating officer, chief financial officer, general counsel and those executive
officers of a party directly involved in its management.

     
laws
 means all foreign, federal, state and local statutes, laws,
ordinances, regulations, rules, resolutions, orders, tariffs, determinations,
writs, injunctions, awards (including, without limitation, awards of any
arbitrator), judgments and decrees applicable to the specified Person and to
the businesses and assets thereof (including, without limitation, laws relating
to the protection of classified information; the sale, leasing, ownership or
management of real property; employment practices, terms and conditions, and
wages and hours; building standards, land use and zoning; safety, health and
fire prevention; and environmental protection, including Environmental Laws).

Lease 
has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 5.14(b)
.

Leased Real Property 
has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
5.14(b)
.

     
Liens
 means claims, encumbrances, mortgages, security interests,
equities, or charges of any nature whatsoever.

     
Material Adverse Effect
 means, with respect to any entity, any adverse
change, circumstance or effect that, individually or in the aggregate with all
other adverse changes, circumstances and effects, is or is reasonably likely to
be materially adverse to the business, condition (financial or otherwise) or
results of operations of such entity and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole,
other than any change, circumstance or effect relating to (i) the economy or
securities markets in general, (ii) the industries in which Acquiror or Target
operate and not specifically relating to Acquiror or Target, including changes
in legal, accounting or regulatory changes, or conditions or (iii) this
Agreement, the announcement and performance hereunder and the Merger (including
any cancellations or delays in contract awards and any impact on relationships
with customers, prime contractors, subcontractors, suppliers or employees).
For purposes hereof, changes in the trading price of Acquiror common stock or
Target Common Stock, as reported by the NYSE, will not alone constitute a
Material Adverse Effect, whether occurring at any time or from time to time.

     
Material Contracts
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
5.10
.

     
Merger
 has the meaning assigned to such term in the Recitals.

     
Merger Consideration
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
3.1(a)
.

     
Merger Filing
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 1.2
.

     
Negotiation Period
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
6.3(e)
.

A-A-3



     
NYSE
 means The New York Stock Exchange.

Owned Real Property 
has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
5.14(a)
.

     
Paying Agent
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 3.4(a)
.

     
Person
 means any individual, partnership, joint venture, corporation,
limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization and a government
or any department or agency thereof.

     
Process Agent
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 9.6
.

     
Proxy Statement
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 6.7(a)
.

     
Regulatory Law
 means the Sherman Act, as amended, the Clayton Act, as
amended, the HSR Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, and all
other federal and state statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees,
administrative and judicial doctrines and other laws that are designed or
intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect
of monopolization or restraint of trade or lessening of competition, whether in
the construction industry or otherwise, through merger or acquisition.

     
Related Person
 means, when used with reference to any entity, (i) any
employee, officer, director, partner or shareholder (or any one acting in a
similar capacity) of such entity, (ii) any grandparent, parent, aunt, uncle,
niece, nephew, sister, brother, son, daughter, grandchild, son-in-law or
daughter-in-law of any person described in clause (i), and (iii) any Person
that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or
is controlled by, or is under common control with, any Person described in
clause (i) or (ii).

     
SEC
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 5.5
.

     
Securities Act
 means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

     
Stockholders
 has the meaning assigned to such term in the Recitals.

     
Stockholders Approval
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
5.4(c)
.

     
Stockholders Meeting
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
6.4(a)
.

     
Subsidiary
 shall mean, when used with reference to any person or entity,
any corporation, partnership, business trust, joint venture or other entity of
which such person or entity (either acting alone or together with its other
Subsidiaries) owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the stock or other
voting interests, the holders of which are entitled to vote for the election of
a majority of the board of directors or any similar governing body of such
corporation, partnership, business trust, joint venture or other entity.

     
Superior Proposal
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
6.3(b)
.

     
Surviving Corporation
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
1.1
.

A-A-4



     
Target
 has the meaning assigned to such term in the Preamble.

     
Target Capital Stock
 has the meaning assigned to such term in the
Recitals.

     
Target Certificates
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
3.4(e)
.

     
Target Common Stock
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
3.1(a)
.

     
Target Disclosure Schedule
 has the meaning assigned to such term in the
premises to 
Article 5
.

     
Target Employee Stock Options
 has the meaning assigned to such term in

Section 3.1(c)
.

     
Target Permits
 means all permits, licenses, franchises, variances,
exemptions, orders and other governmental authorizations, consents and
approvals necessary to conduct the business of Target as currently conducted.

     
Target Plans
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 5.12(a)
.

     
Target Reports
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 5.5
.

     
Target Required Statutory Approvals
 means, collectively, (i) if required
by law, the filings by Acquiror and Target required by the HSR Act, and
expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period and (ii) the making
of the Merger Filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in
connection with the Merger.

     
Target Termination Expenses
 has the meaning assigned to such term in

Section 8.3(d)
.

     
Target Termination Fee
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section
8.3(a)
.

     
Target Warrants
 has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 3.1(d)
.

     
Tax Return
 means any return, report or other document or information
required to be supplied to a taxing authority in connection with Taxes.

     
Taxes
 means all taxes, including, without limitation, income, estimated
income, gross receipts, excise, property, sales, withholding, social security,
occupation, use, service, service use, license, payroll, franchise, transfer
and recording taxes, fees and charges, windfall profits, severance, customs,
import, export, employment or similar taxes, charges, fees, levies or other
assessments imposed by the United States, or any state, local or foreign
government or subdivision or agency thereof, whether computed on a separate,
consolidated, unitary, combined or any other basis, and such term shall include
any interest, fines, penalties or additional amounts and any interest in
respect of any additions, fines or penalties attributable or imposed on or with
respect to any such taxes, charges, fees, levies or other assessments, and any
obligation to indemnify or otherwise assume or succeed to the Tax liability of
any other Person.

     
Union Plans
 has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.12(a).

A-A-5



ANNEX B

[LETTERHEAD OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON LLC]

June 9, 2003

Board of Directors

Veridian Corporation

1200 Hayes Street, Suite 1100

Arlington, Virginia 22202

Members of the Board:

You have asked us to advise you with respect to the fairness to the holders of
the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Veridian Corporation (the
Company) (Company Common Stock), from a financial point of view, of the
Consideration (as defined below) to be received by such stockholders pursuant
to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 9, 2003 (the Merger
Agreement), by and among General Dynamics Corporation (the Acquiror), Aspen
Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Acquiror (the Merger
Sub), and the Company. The Merger Agreement provides for, among other things,
the merger (the Merger) of Merger Sub with the Company pursuant to which the
Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Acquiror and each
outstanding share of Company Common Stock will be converted into the right to
receive $35.00 in cash (the Consideration).

In arriving at our opinion, we have reviewed the Merger Agreement and certain
related documents as well as certain publicly available business and financial
information relating to the Company. We also have reviewed certain other
information relating to the Company, including financial forecasts, provided to
or discussed with us by the Company, and have met with the Companys management
to discuss the business and prospects of the Company.

We also have considered certain financial and stock market data of the Company,
and we have compared those data with similar data for other publicly held
companies in businesses similar to the Company and we have considered, to the
extent publicly available, the financial terms of certain other transactions
which have been effected. We also considered such other information, financial
studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market
criteria which we deemed relevant.

In connection with our review, we have not assumed any responsibility for
independent verification of any of the foregoing information and have relied on
such information being complete and accurate in all material respects. With
respect to the financial forecasts for the Company, we have been advised and
have assumed that they have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of the Companys management as
to the future financial performance of the Company. You also have advised us,
and we have assumed, that in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory
and third party approvals and consents for the Merger, no modification, delay,
limitation, restriction or condition will be imposed that will have a material
adverse effect on the Merger and that the Merger will be consummated in its
entirety in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement without waiver,
amendment or modification of any material term, condition or agreement. In
addition, we



Board of Directors

Veridian Corporation

June 9, 2003

Page 2

have not been requested to make, and have not made, an independent evaluation
or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of the
Company, nor have we been furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals.
Our opinion is necessarily based upon information available to us, and
financial, economic, market and other conditions as they exist and can be
evaluated on the date hereof. In connection with our engagement, we were
requested to solicit indications of interest from, and held preliminary
discussions with, third parties regarding the possible acquisition of all or a
part of the Company. Our opinion does not address the relative merits of the
Merger as compared to other business strategies that might be available to the
Company, nor does it address the underlying business decision of the Company to
proceed with the Merger.

We have acted as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the Merger
and will receive a fee for our services, a significant portion of which is
contingent upon the consummation of the Merger. From time to time, we and our
affiliates in the past have provided investment banking and other financial
services to the Company unrelated to the proposed Merger, for which services we
have received compensation. In addition, as you are aware, (i) an officer of
Credit Suisse First Boston LLC (Credit Suisse First Boston) is a member of the Board of Directors of the
Company and (ii) certain funds affiliated or associated with Credit Suisse First Boston
have a direct or indirect interest in a significant shareholder of the Company. In the ordinary course of our business, we and our affiliates may
actively trade the securities of both the Company and the Acquiror for our and
such affiliates own accounts and for the accounts of customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities.

It is understood that this letter is for the information of the Board of
Directors of the Company in connection with its evaluation of the Merger and
does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such
stockholder should vote or act on any matter relating to the proposed Merger.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as of the date
hereof, the Consideration to be received by the holders of Company Common Stock
in the Merger is fair to such stockholders from a financial point of view.

Very truly yours,

CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON LLC



ANNEX C

SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

     APPRAISAL RIGHTS.(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who
holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to
subsection (d) of this section with respect to such shares, who continuously
holds such shares through the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
who has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section and who has
neither voted in favor of the merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in
writing pursuant to  228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by
the Court of Chancery of the fair value of the stockholders shares of stock
under the circumstances described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section.
As used in this section, the word stockholder means a holder of record of
stock in a stock corporation and also a member of record of a nonstock
corporation; the words stock and share mean and include what is ordinarily
meant by those words and also membership or membership interest of a member of
a nonstock corporation; and the words depository receipt mean a receipt or
other instrument issued by a depository representing an interest in one or more
shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is
deposited with the depository.

     (b)  Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or
series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be
effected pursuant to  251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to  251(g)
of this title),  252,  254,  257,  258,  263 or  264 of this title:

        (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section
shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which
stock, or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date
fixed to determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to
vote at the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger
or consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities
exchange or designated as a national market system security on an
interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and
further provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any
shares of stock of the constituent corporation surviving a merger if the
merger did not require for its approval the vote of the stockholders of
the surviving corporation as provided in subsection (f) of  251 of this
title.

        (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal
rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any class
or series of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof
are required by the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation
pursuant to  251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to
accept for such stock anything except:

a.

Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from
such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in respect
thereof;

b.

Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts in
respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in respect
thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the merger or
consolidation will be either listed on a national securities exchange or
designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of
record by more than 2,000 holders;

c.

Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts
described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this paragraph; or

d.

Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and cash in
lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in the
foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this paragraph.

        (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware
corporation party to a merger effected under  253 of this title is not
owned by the parent corporation immediately prior to the merger,
appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary
Delaware corporation.

C-1



     (c)  Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a
provision, the procedures of this section, including those set forth in
subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is
practicable.

     (d)  Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

        (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal
rights are provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at
a meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior
to the meeting, shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the
record date for such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) hereof that
appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the
constituent corporations, and shall include in such notice a copy of this
section. Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such
stockholders shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking
of the vote on the merger or consolidation, a written demand for
appraisal of such stockholders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if
it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder
and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such
stockholders shares. A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation
shall not constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing to take such
action must do so by a separate written demand as herein provided. Within
10 days after the effective date of such merger or consolidation, the
surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each stockholder of each
constituent corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not
voted in favor of or consented to the merger or consolidation of the date
that the merger or consolidation has become effective; or

        (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to  228
or  253 of this title, then either a constituent corporation before the
effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving or
resulting corporation within 10 days thereafter shall notify each of the
holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation
who are entitled to appraisal rights of the approval of the merger or
consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for any or all
shares of such class or series of stock of such constituent corporation,
and shall include in such notice a copy of this section. Such notice may,
and, if given on or after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the effective date
of the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to appraisal
rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice,
demand in writing from the surviving or resulting corporation the
appraisal of such holders shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it
reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and
that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such
holders shares. If such notice did not notify stockholders of the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, either (i) each such
constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the effective
date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders of any
class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are
entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or
consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send
such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such
effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent
more than 20 days following the sending of the first notice, such second
notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal
rights and who has demanded appraisal of such holders shares in
accordance with this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or
assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the corporation that is
required to give either notice that such notice has been given shall, in
the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated
therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to receive
either notice, each constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a record
date that shall be not more than 10 days prior to the date the notice is
given, provided, that if the notice is given on or after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be such
effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is given prior
to the effective date, the record date shall be the close of business on
the day next preceding the day on which the notice is given.

     (e)  Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who
has complied with subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled
to appraisal rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a
determination of the value of the stock

C-2



of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60
days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder
shall have the right to withdraw such stockholders demand for appraisal and to
accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation. Within 120 days
after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder who
has complied with the requirements of subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon
written request, shall be entitled to receive from the corporation surviving
the merger or resulting from the consolidation a statement setting forth the
aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation
and with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and the
aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written statement shall be
mailed to the stockholder within 10 days after such stockholders written
request for such a statement is received by the surviving or resulting
corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the period for delivery of
demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof, whichever is later.

     (f)  Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a
copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which
shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in
Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their
shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be
filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be
accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so
ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or
resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the
addresses therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more
publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of
general circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such
publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and
by publication shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be
borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

     (g)  At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled
to appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded
an appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as
to such stockholder.

     (h)  After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the
Court shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger
or consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair
value, the Court shall take into account all relevant factors. In determining
the fair rate of interest, the Court may consider all relevant factors,
including the rate of interest which the surviving or resulting corporation
would have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the proceeding.
Upon application by the surviving or resulting corporation or by any
stockholder entitled to participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may,
in its discretion, permit discovery or other pretrial proceedings and may
proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the
stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name appears on the
list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant to subsection (f)
of this section and who has submitted such stockholders certificates of stock
to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate fully in all
proceedings until it is finally determined that such stockholder is not
entitled to appraisal rights under this section.

     (i)  The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to
the stockholders entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the
Court may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the
case of holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of
shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Courts decree may be enforced as
other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving
or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

     (j)  The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and
taxed upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon
application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation,

C-3



reasonable attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of experts, to be charged
pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to an appraisal.

     (k)  From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no
stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of
this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive
payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or
other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior
to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that
if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in
subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the
surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholders
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation,
either within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation
as provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written
approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal
shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the
Court of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval
of the Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court
deems just.

     (l)  The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the
shares of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they
assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and
unissued shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

C-4



ANNEX D

VOTING AGREEMENT

     This Voting Agreement (this 
Agreement
) has been made as of June 9, 2003,
by General Dynamics Corporation, a Delaware corporation (
Acquiror
), Aspen
Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of
Acquiror (
Acquisition Sub
), and Labyrinth, L.P. (
Labyrinth
) and David H.
Langstaff (together with Labyrinth, the 
Stockholder
).

Recitals

     A.          Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
Acquiror, Acquisition Sub and Veridian Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the

Company
), are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the 
Merger
Agreement
). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that
Acquisition Sub be merged with and into the Company (the 
Merger
) and that
upon such merger, the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
Acquiror.

     B.          The Stockholder is, or upon exercise of options and/or warrants to
purchase shares of the Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the
Company (the 
Company Common Shares
) will be, the record and beneficial owner
of 1,138,889 Company Common Shares (the 
Stockholder Company
Shares
), which
will, pursuant to the Merger Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions
thereof, entitle the Shareholder to receive $35.00 per Stockholder Company
Share in exchange for his Stockholder Company Shares (net of any exercise price
in the case of options or warrants).

     C.          Acquiror has required the Stockholder to enter into this Agreement as a
condition to its willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement.

The parties agree as follows:

     1.          
Agreement to Vote Shares
. At every meeting of the stockholders of the
Company called with respect to any of the following, and at every adjournment
thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders
of the Company with respect to any of the following, the Stockholder
irrevocably agrees to vote the Stockholder Company Shares (and any Company
Common Shares with respect to which the Stockholder acquires beneficial
ownership subsequent to the date hereof): (a) in favor of the adoption of the
Merger Agreement and approval of the Merger and any other matter that would
reasonably be expected to facilitate the consummation of the Merger (the

Merger Proposal
); and (b) against approval of any proposal made in opposition
to or competition with the consummation of the Merger and against any merger,
consolidation, sale of assets, reorganization or recapitalization, with any
party other than with Acquiror, Acquisition Sub and/or their affiliates and
against any reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation or winding up of the
Company.

     2.          
Authorization to Execute Ballot
. The Stockholder hereby irrevocably
authorizes Acquiror and Acquisition Sub to execute as attorney in fact for him
any ballot or consent form Acquiror or Acquisition Sub shall reasonably deem
appropriate to accomplish the votes and consents required by this Agreement.



     3.          
Transfer Restrictions
. From and after the date hereof, (a) none of the
Stockholder Company Shares shall be tendered in response to any tender offer
from any person other than Acquiror, Acquisition Sub or one of their
affiliates, (b) no interest in any of the Stockholder Company Shares shall be
sold or otherwise transferred, provided that transfers of limited partnership
interests, directly or indirectly, in a Stockholder that is an entity will not
constitute a prohibited transfer hereunder, and (c) the Stockholder will not
take any other action which would impair his ability to vote any of the
Stockholder Company Shares in the manner required by this Agreement.

     4.          
Representations and Warranties of the Stockholder
. The Stockholder
hereby represents and warrants to Acquiror and Acquisition Sub that:

                  (a)     he has the capacity to enter into this Agreement and the right and
power to perform his obligations under this Agreement;

                  (b)     he is not subject to or obligated under any provision of any contract
or other agreement or any order, judgment or decree that would be breached or
violated by his execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement;

                  (c)     no authorization, consent or approval of, or any filing with, any
public body, court or authority is necessary for consummation by the
Stockholder of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than any
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13 and
16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

                  (d)     he possesses beneficial ownership and voting power on the date of this
Agreement of the Stockholder Company Shares; and

                  (e)     he has full ownership of the Stockholder Company Shares free of any
adverse interest and has necessary and sufficient right and authority to make
the commitments with respect to the Stockholder Company Shares contained in
this Agreement.

     5.          
Representations and Warranties of Acquiror
. Acquiror hereby represents
and warrants to the Stockholder that it has full corporate power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and the right and power
to perform its obligations under this Agreement and, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth therein, the Merger Agreement.

     6.          
Termination
. This Agreement shall terminate only if the Merger
Agreement is validly terminated or upon the mutual agreement of the parties
hereto.

     7.          
Expenses
. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such expenses; provided, however, that this provision will not
supersede or modify any agreement between the Company and a Stockholder
relating to the reimbursement of expenses.

D-2



     8.          
No Constraints on Actions as a Director
. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be deemed to restrict the Stockholder from taking any action required in
connection with his fiduciary duties as a director of the Company.

     9.          
Amendment; Assignment
. This Agreement may not be modified, amended,
altered or supplemented except by a writing signed by Acquiror, Acquisition Sub
and the Stockholder. Neither the Stockholder, Acquisition Sub nor Acquiror may
assign any of his rights or obligations under this Agreement without the
written consent of the other.

     10.          
Notices
. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given in person, by
telegram or facsimile (receipt verified), or sent by registered or certified
mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), and shall be deemed to have
been duly given if so given, to the respective parties as follows:

If to Acquiror or

Acquisition Sub:

General Dynamics Corporation

3190 Fairview Park Dr.

Falls Church, VA 22042-4523

Attention: David A. Savner

Fax: (703) 876-3554

With a copy to:

Jenner & Block, LLC

One IBM Plaza, 40th Floor

Chicago, Illinois 60611

Attention: John F. Cox

Fax: (312) 840-7396

If to Stockholder:

David H. Langstaff

4070 Mansion Drive, N.W.

Washington, D.C. 20007

or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in
writing, except that changes of address shall only be effective upon receipt.

     11.          
Counterparts
. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but each of
which together shall constitute one and the same document.

     12.          
Governing Law
. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

     13.          
Binding Effect
. This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by the successors and permitted assigns of the
parties hereto. Nothing expressed

D-3



or referred to in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give
any person other than the parties to this Agreement, or their respective
successors and permitted assigns any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision contained herein. Each
of the parties to this Agreement will be entitled to enforce his rights under
this Agreement specifically, to recover damages by reason of any breach of any
provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights to which such
party may be entitled. THE STOCKHOLDER AGREES THAT MONEY DAMAGES ARE NOT AN
ADEQUATE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF HIS VOTING AGREEMENTS IN SECTION 1 OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR HIS OTHER AGREEMENTS HEREIN AND THAT ACQUIROR AND/OR ACQUISITION
SUB MAY IN THEIR DISCRETION APPLY TO ANY COURT OF LAW OR EQUITY OF COMPETENT
JURISDICTION FOR SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE AND/OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ORDER TO
REQUIRE ANY VOTE REQUIRED BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR TO ENFORCE OR
PREVENT ANY VIOLATIONS OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

     14.          
Entire Agreement
. This Agreement and those documents expressly
referred to herein embody the complete agreement between the parties in respect
to the matter herein and supersede and preempt any prior understandings,
agreements or representatives by or among the parties, written or oral, which
may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way.

     15.          
Severability
. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and
restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall
in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

     16.          
Miscellaneous
. The headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

* * * * *

D-4



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Voting Agreement
to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

GENERAL DYNAMICS CORPORATION

By:

/s/ David A. Savner

Name:

David A. Savner

Title:

Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Secretary

ASPEN ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By:

/s/ David A. Savner

Name:

Title:

David A. Savner

Vice President and Director

DAVID H. LANGSTAFF, 
individually

/s/ David H. Langstaff

LABYRINTH, L.P.

By:     David H. Langstaff, as General Partner

/s/ David H. Langstaff

D-5



ANNEX E

VOTING AGREEMENT

     This Voting Agreement (this 
Agreement
) has been made as of June 9, 2003,
by General Dynamics Corporation, a Delaware corporation (
Acquiror
), Aspen
Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of
Acquiror (
Acquisition Sub
), and Sugar Creek, L.P. (
Sugar Creek
) and Dr.
Joseph P. Allen, IV (together with Sugar Creek, the 
Stockholder
).

Recitals

     A.     Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
Acquiror, Acquisition Sub and Veridian Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the

Company
), are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the 
Merger Agreement
). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that
Acquisition Sub be merged with and into the Company (the 
Merger
) and that
upon such merger, the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
Acquiror.

     B.     The Stockholder is, or upon exercise of options and/or warrants to
purchase shares of the Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the
Company (the 
Company Common Shares
) will be, the record and beneficial owner
of 419,721 Company Common Shares (the 
Stockholder Company Shares
), which
will, pursuant to the Merger Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions
thereof, entitle the Shareholder to receive $35.00 per Stockholder Company
Share in exchange for his Stockholder Company Shares (net of any exercise price
in the case of options or warrants).

     C.     Acquiror has required the Stockholder to enter into this Agreement as a
condition to its willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement.

     The parties agree as follows:

     1.     
Agreement to Vote Shares
. At every meeting of the stockholders of the
Company called with respect to any of the following, and at every adjournment
thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders
of the Company with respect to any of the following, the Stockholder
irrevocably agrees to vote the Stockholder Company Shares (and any Company
Common Shares with respect to which the Stockholder acquires beneficial
ownership subsequent to the date hereof): (a) in favor of the adoption of the
Merger Agreement and approval of the Merger and any other matter that would
reasonably be expected to facilitate the consummation of the Merger (the

Merger Proposal
); and (b) against approval of any proposal made in opposition
to or competition with the consummation of the Merger and against any merger,
consolidation, sale of assets, reorganization or recapitalization, with any
party other than with Acquiror, Acquisition Sub and/or their affiliates and
against any reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation or winding up of the
Company.

     2.     
Authorization to Execute Ballot
. The Stockholder hereby irrevocably
authorizes Acquiror and Acquisition Sub to execute as attorney in fact for him
any ballot or consent form Acquiror or Acquisition Sub shall reasonably deem
appropriate to accomplish the votes and consents required by this Agreement.



     3.     
Transfer Restrictions
. From and after the date hereof, (a) none of the
Stockholder Company Shares shall be tendered in response to any tender offer
from any person other than Acquiror, Acquisition Sub or one of their
affiliates, (b) no interest in any of the Stockholder Company Shares shall be
sold or otherwise transferred, provided that transfers of limited partnership
interests, directly or indirectly, in a Stockholder that is an entity will not
constitute a prohibited transfer hereunder, and (c) the Stockholder will not
take any other action which would impair his ability to vote any of the
Stockholder Company Shares in the manner required by this Agreement.

     4.     
Representations and Warranties of the Stockholder
. The Stockholder
hereby represents and warrants to Acquiror and Acquisition Sub that:

             (a) he has the capacity to enter into this Agreement and the right and
power to perform his obligations under this Agreement;

             (b) he is not subject to or obligated under any provision of any contract
or other agreement or any order, judgment or decree that would be breached or
violated by his execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement;

             (c) no authorization, consent or approval of, or any filing with, any
public body, court or authority is necessary for consummation by the
Stockholder of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than any
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13 and
16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

             (d) he possesses beneficial ownership and voting power on the date of this
Agreement of the Stockholder Company Shares; and

             (e) he has full ownership of the Stockholder Company Shares free of any
adverse interest and has necessary and sufficient right and authority to make
the commitments with respect to the Stockholder Company Shares contained in
this Agreement.

     5.     
Representations and Warranties of Acquiror
. Acquiror hereby represents
and warrants to the Stockholder that it has full corporate power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and the right and power
to perform its obligations under this Agreement and, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth therein, the Merger Agreement.

     6.     
Termination
. This Agreement shall terminate only if the Merger
Agreement is validly terminated or upon the mutual agreement of the parties
hereto.

     7.     
Expenses
. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such expenses; provided, however, that this provision will not
supersede or modify any agreement between the Company and the Stockholder
relating to the reimbursement of expenses.

E-2



     8.     
No Constraints on Actions as a Director
. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be deemed to restrict the Stockholder from taking any action required in
connection with his fiduciary duties as a director of the Company.

     9.     
Amendment; Assignment
. This Agreement may not be modified, amended,
altered or supplemented except by a writing signed by Acquiror, Acquisition Sub
and the Stockholder. Neither the Stockholder, Acquisition Sub nor Acquiror may
assign any of his rights or obligations under this Agreement without the
written consent of the other.

     10.     
Notices
. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given in person, by
telegram or facsimile (receipt verified), or sent by registered or certified
mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), and shall be deemed to have
been duly given if so given, to the respective parties as follows:

If to Acquiror or
Acquisition Sub:

General Dynamics Corporation

3190 Fairview Park Dr.

Falls Church, VA 22042-4523

Attention: David A. Savner

Fax: (703) 876-3554

With a copy to:

Jenner & Block, LLC

One IBM Plaza, 40th Floor

Chicago, Illinois 60611

Attention: John F. Cox

Fax: (312) 840-7396

If to Stockholder:

Dr. Joseph P. Allen, IV

c/o Veridian Corporation

1200 South Hayes Street, Suite 1200

Arlington, Virginia 22202

or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in
writing, except that changes of address shall only be effective upon receipt.

     11.     
Counterparts
. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but each of
which together shall constitute one and the same document.

     12.     
Governing Law
. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

E-3



     13.     
Binding Effect
. This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by the successors and permitted assigns of the
parties hereto. Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement is intended
or shall be construed to give any person other than the parties to this
Agreement, or their respective successors and permitted assigns any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any
provision contained herein. Each of the parties to this Agreement will be
entitled to enforce his rights under this Agreement specifically, to recover
damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to
exercise all other rights to which such party may be entitled. THE STOCKHOLDER
AGREES THAT MONEY DAMAGES ARE NOT AN ADEQUATE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF HIS VOTING
AGREEMENTS IN SECTION 1 OF THIS AGREEMENT OR HIS OTHER AGREEMENTS HEREIN AND
THAT ACQUIROR AND/OR ACQUISITION SUB MAY IN THEIR SOLE DISCRETION APPLY TO ANY
COURT OF LAW OR EQUITY OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION FOR SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE
AND/OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ORDER TO REQUIRE ANY VOTE REQUIRED BY THE TERMS OF
THIS AGREEMENT OR TO ENFORCE OR PREVENT ANY VIOLATIONS OF THE PROVISIONS OF
THIS AGREEMENT.

     14.     
Entire Agreement
. This Agreement and those documents expressly
referred to herein embody the complete agreement between the parties in respect
to the matter herein and supersede and preempt any prior understandings,
agreements or representatives by or among the parties, written or oral, which
may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way.

     15.     
Severability
. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and
restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall
in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

     16.     
Miscellaneous
. The headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

* * * * *

E-4



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Voting Agreement
to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

GENERAL DYNAMICS CORPORATION

By:

/s/ David A. Savner

Name:

David A. Savner

Title:

Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Secretary

ASPEN ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By:

/s/ David A. Savner

Name:

David A. Savner

Title:

Vice President and Director

DR. JOSEPH P. ALLEN, IV, 
individually

/s/ Dr. Joseph P. Allen, IV

SUGAR CREEK, L.P.

By:     Dr. Joseph P. Allen, IV, as General Partner

/s/ Dr. Joseph P. Allen, IV

E-5



ANNEX F

VOTING AGREEMENT

     This Voting Agreement (this 
Agreement
) has been made as of June 9, 2003,
by General Dynamics Corporation, a Delaware corporation (
Acquiror
), Aspen
Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of
Acquiror (
Acquisition Sub
), and The Texas Growth Fund  1991 Trust, The Texas
Growth Fund II  1998 Trust, TGF Management Corp. and TGF II Management, L.P.
(together, the 
Stockholders
).

Recitals

     A.          Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
Acquiror, Acquisition Sub, and Veridian Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(the 
Company
) are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the 
Merger
Agreement
). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that
Acquisition Sub be merged with and into the Company (the 
Merger
) and that
upon such merger, the Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Acquiror.

     B.          Each of the Stockholders is, or upon exercise of options and/or
warrants to purchase shares of the Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share,
of the Company (the 
Company Common Shares
) will be, the record and beneficial
owner of the shares set forth opposite its name on Schedule I, for an aggregate
of 2,759,529 Company Common Shares (the 
Stockholder Company Shares
) , which
will, pursuant to the Merger Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions
thereof, entitle the Shareholders to receive $35.00 per Stockholder Company
Share in exchange for their Stockholder Company Shares (net of any exercise
price in the case of options or warrants).

     C.          Acquiror has required each of the Stockholders to enter into this
Agreement as a condition to its willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement.

The parties agree as follows:

     1.          
Agreement to Vote Shares
. At every meeting of the stockholders of the
Company called with respect to any of the following, and at every adjournment
thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders
of the Company with respect to any of the following, each Stockholder
irrevocably agrees to vote its respective Stockholder Company Shares (and any
Company Common Shares with respect to which such Stockholder acquires
beneficial ownership subsequent to the date hereof): (a) in favor of the
adoption of the Merger Agreement and approval of the Merger and any other
matter that would reasonably be expected to facilitate the consummation of the
Merger (the 
Merger Proposal
); and (b) against approval of any proposal made
in opposition to or competition with the consummation of the Merger and against
any merger, consolidation, sale of assets, reorganization or recapitalization,
with any party other than with Acquiror, Acquisition Sub and/or their
affiliates and against any reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation or
winding up of the Company.

     2.          
Authorization to Execute Ballot
. Each Stockholder hereby irrevocably
authorizes Acquiror and Acquisition Sub to execute as attorney in fact for such
Stockholder any ballot or



consent form Acquiror or Acquisition Sub shall reasonably deem appropriate to
accomplish the votes and consents required by this Agreement.

     3.          
Transfer Restrictions
. From and after the date hereof, (a) none of the
Stockholder Company Shares shall be tendered in response to any tender offer
from any person other than Acquiror, Acquisition Sub or one of their
affiliates, (b) no interest in any of the Stockholder Company Shares shall be
sold or otherwise transferred, provided that transfers of limited partnership
interests, directly or indirectly, in a Stockholder that is an entity will not
constitute a prohibited transfer hereunder, and (c) each Stockholder will not
take any other action which would impair its ability to vote any of its
Stockholder Company Shares in the manner required by this Agreement.

     4.          
Representations and Warranties of the Stockholders
. Each Stockholder
hereby represents and warrants to Acquiror and Acquisition Sub that:

                  (a)     it has the capacity to enter into this Agreement and the right and
power to perform its obligations under this Agreement;

                  (b)     it is not subject to or obligated under any provision of any contract
or other agreement or any order, judgment or decree that would be breached or
violated by its execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement;

                  (c)     no authorization, consent or approval of, or any filing with, any
public body, court or authority is necessary for consummation by such
Stockholder of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than any
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13 and
16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

                  (d)     it possesses beneficial ownership and voting power on the date of this
Agreement of the Stockholder Company Shares set forth opposite its name on
Schedule I; and

                  (e)     it has full ownership of the Stockholder Company Shares set forth
opposite its name on Schedule I, free of any adverse interest and has necessary
and sufficient right and authority to make the commitments with respect to its
Stockholder Company Shares contained in this Agreement.

     5.          
Representations and Warranties of Acquiror
. Acquiror hereby represents
and warrants to the Stockholders that it has full corporate power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and the right and power
to perform its obligations under this Agreement and, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth therein, the Merger Agreement.

     6.          
Termination
. This Agreement shall terminate only if the Merger
Agreement is validly terminated or upon the mutual agreement of the parties
hereto.

     7.          
Expenses
. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such expenses;

F-2



provided, however, that this provision will not supersede or modify any
agreement between the Company and a Stockholder relating to the reimbursement
of expenses.

     8.          
No Constraints on Actions as a Director
. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be deemed to restrict any signatory hereto, or any affiliate of such
signatory, from taking any action required in connection with such individuals
fiduciary duties as a director of the Company.

     9.          
Amendment; Assignment
. This Agreement may not be modified, amended,
altered or supplemented except by a writing signed by Acquiror, Acquisition Sub
and the Stockholders. Neither the Stockholders, Acquisition Sub nor Acquiror
may assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the
written consent of the other.

     10.          
Notices
. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given in person, by
telegram or facsimile (receipt verified), or sent by registered or certified
mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), and shall be deemed to have
been duly given if so given, to the respective parties as follows:

If to Acquiror or

Acquisition Sub:

General Dynamics Corporation

3190 Fairview Park Dr.

Falls Church, VA 22042-4523

Attention: David A. Savner

Fax: (703) 876-3554

With a copy to:

Jenner & Block, LLC

One IBM Plaza, 40th Floor

Chicago, Illinois 60611

Attention: John F. Cox

Fax: (312) 840-7396

If to Stockholders:

TGF Management Corporation

111 Congress Avenue, Suite 2900

Austin, TX 78701-4043

Attention: James J. Kozlowski, President

Fax: (512) 322-3101

or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in
writing, except that changes of address shall only be effective upon receipt.

     11.          
Counterparts
. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but each of
which together shall constitute one and the same document.

F-3



     12.          
Governing Law
. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
effect to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

     13.          
Binding Effect
. This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by the successors and permitted assigns of the
parties hereto. Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement is intended
or shall be construed to give any person other than the parties to this
Agreement, or their respective successors and permitted assigns any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any
provision contained herein. Each of the parties to this Agreement will be
entitled to enforce its rights under this Agreement specifically, to recover
damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to
exercise all other rights to which such party may be entitled. EACH
STOCKHOLDER AGREES THAT MONEY DAMAGES ARE NOT AN ADEQUATE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF
ITS VOTING AGREEMENTS IN SECTION 1 OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS OTHER AGREEMENTS
HEREIN AND THAT ACQUIROR AND/OR ACQUISITION SUB MAY IN THEIR SOLE DISCRETION
APPLY TO ANY COURT OF LAW OR EQUITY OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION FOR SPECIFIC
PERFORMANCE AND/OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ORDER TO REQUIRE ANY VOTE REQUIRED BY
THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR TO ENFORCE OR PREVENT ANY VIOLATIONS OF THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

     14.          
Entire Agreement
. This Agreement and those documents expressly
referred to herein embody the complete agreement between the parties in respect
to the matter herein and supersede and preempt any prior understandings,
agreements or representatives by or among the parties, written or oral, which
may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way.

     15.          
Severability
. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and
restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall
in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

     16.          
Miscellaneous
. The headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

* * * * *

F-4



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Voting Agreement
to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

GENERAL DYNAMICS CORPORATION

By:

/s/ David A. Savner

Name:

David A. Savner

Title:

Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Secretary

ASPEN ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By:

/s/ David A. Savner

Name:

David A. Savner

Title:

Vice President and Director

STOCKHOLDERS:

The Texas Growth Fund  1991 Trust

TGF Management Corp.

The Board of Trustees of the Texas Growth

Fund, as Trustee

By:

TGF Management Corp.,

as Executive Director

By: /s/ James J. Kozlowski

By: /s/ James J. Kozlowski

Name: James J. Kozlowski

Name: James J. Kozlowski

Title: President

Title: President

The Texas Growth Fund II  1998 Trust

TGF II Management, L.P.

The Board of Trustees of the Texas Growth
Fund II, as Trustee

By:

TGF Management Corp., as
General Partner

By:

TGF II Management, L.P.,

as Executive Director

By:

TGF Management

Corp., as General

Partner

By: /s/ James J. Kozlowski

By: /s/ James J. Kozlowski

Name: James J. Kozlowski

Name: James J. Kozlowski

Title: President

Title: President

F-5



SCHEDULE I

The Texas Growth Fund  1991 Trust

943,829 shares

The Texas Growth Fund II  1998 Trust

1,815,700 shares

TGF II Management, L.P.

6,384 shares

F-6



ANNEX G 

VOTING AGREEMENT

     This Voting Agreement (this 
Agreement
) has been made as of June
9, 2003, by General Dynamics Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(
Acquiror
), Aspen Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and
wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror (
Acquisition Sub
), and Monitor
Clipper Equity Partners, L.P. (
MCEP
), Monitor Clipper Equity Partners
(Foreign), L.P. (
MCEP(F)
), Monitor Consulting, L.P. (
Monitor
Consulting
) and Monitor Company Group, L.P., as the successor in interest
to Monitor Company, Inc. (
MCGLP
, and together with MCEP, MCEP(F) and
Monitor Consulting, the 
Stockholders
).

Recitals

     A.     Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
Acquiror, Acquisition Sub, and Veridian Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(the 
Company
) are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the

Merger Agreement
). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things,
that Acquisition Sub be merged with and into the Company (the 
Merger
)
and that upon such merger, the Company will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Acquiror.

     B.     Each of the Stockholders is, or upon exercise of options and/or
warrants to purchase shares of the Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share,
of the Company (the 
Company Common Shares
) will be, the record and
beneficial owner of the shares set forth opposite its name on Schedule I, for
an aggregate of 7,284,516 Company Common Shares (the 
Stockholder Company
Shares
), which will, pursuant to the Merger Agreement and subject to the
terms and conditions thereof, entitle the Shareholders to receive $35.00 per
Stockholder Company Share in exchange for their Stockholder Company Shares (net
of any exercise price in the case of options or warrants).

     C.     Acquiror has required each of the Stockholders to enter into this
Agreement as a condition to its willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement.

The parties agree as follows:

     1.     
Agreement to Vote Shares
. At every meeting of the stockholders
of the Company called with respect to any of the following, and at every
adjournment thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the
stockholders of the Company with respect to any of the following, each
Stockholder irrevocably agrees to vote its respective Stockholder Company
Shares (and any Company Common Shares with respect to which such Stockholder
acquires beneficial ownership subsequent to the date hereof): (a) in favor of
the adoption of the Merger Agreement and approval of the Merger and any other
matter that would reasonably be expected to facilitate the consummation of the
Merger (the 
Merger Proposal
); and (b) against approval of any proposal
made in opposition to or competition with the consummation of the Merger and
against any merger, consolidation, sale of assets, reorganization or
recapitalization, with any party other than with Acquiror, Acquisition Sub
and/or their affiliates and against any reorganization, recapitalization,
liquidation or winding up of the Company.



     2.     
Assignment Agreement
. The Stockholders have previously entered
into an Assignment Agreement dated as of September 7, 1999 (
Assignment
Agreement
), by and among themselves whereby each of MCEP(F), Monitor
Consulting and MCGLP (as the successor in interest to Monitor Company, Inc.)
assigned, among other things, all voting rights associated with their shares of
Company Common Stock to MCEP. The Stockholders hereby agree that,
notwithstanding the provisions of the Assignment Agreement, each of the
Stockholders may enter into and perform this Agreement.

     3.     
Authorization to Execute Ballot
. Each Stockholder hereby irrevocably
authorizes Acquiror and Acquisition Sub to execute as attorney in fact for such
Stockholder any ballot or consent form Acquiror or Acquisition Sub shall
reasonably deem appropriate to accomplish the votes and consents required by
this Agreement.

     4.     
Transfer Restrictions
. From and after the date hereof, (a) none
of the Stockholder Company Shares shall be tendered in response to any tender
offer from any person other than Acquiror, Acquisition Sub or one of their
affiliates, (b) no interest in any of the Stockholder Company Shares shall be
sold or otherwise transferred, provided that transfers of limited partnership
interests, directly or indirectly, in a Stockholder that is an entity will not
constitute a prohibited transfer hereunder, and (c) each Stockholder will not
take any other action which would impair its ability to vote any of its
Stockholder Company Shares in the manner required by this Agreement.

     5.     
Representations and Warranties of the Stockholders
. Each
Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Acquiror and Acquisition Sub
that, after giving effect to Section 2 hereof:

               (a)  it has the capacity to enter into this Agreement and the right and
power to perform its obligations under this Agreement;

               (b)  except as set forth in Section 2 hereof, it is not subject to or
obligated under any provision of any contract or other agreement or any order,
judgment or decree that would be breached or violated by its execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement;

               (c)  no authorization, consent or approval of, or any filing with, any
public body, court or authority is necessary for consummation by such
Stockholder of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than any
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13 and
16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

               (d)  except as set forth in Section 2 hereof, it possesses beneficial
ownership and voting power on the date of this Agreement of the Stockholder
Company Shares set forth opposite its name on Schedule I; and

               (e)  except as set forth in Section 2 hereof, it has full ownership of the
Stockholder Company Shares set forth opposite its name on Schedule I, free of
any adverse

G-2



interest and has necessary and sufficient right and authority to make the
commitments with respect to its Stockholder Company Shares contained in this
Agreement.

     6.     
Representations and Warranties of Acquiror
. Acquiror hereby
represents and warrants to the Stockholders that it has full corporate power
and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and the
right and power to perform its obligations under this Agreement and, subject to
the terms and conditions set forth therein, the Merger Agreement.

     7.     
Termination
. This Agreement shall terminate only if the Merger
Agreement is validly terminated or upon the mutual agreement of the parties
hereto.

     8.     
Expenses
. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the
party incurring such expenses; provided, however, that this provision will not
supersede or modify any agreement between the Company and a Stockholder
relating to the reimbursement of expenses.

     9.     
No Constraints on Actions as a Director
. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be deemed to restrict any signatory hereto, or any affiliate of
such signatory, from taking any action required in connection with such
individuals fiduciary duties as a director of the Company.

     10.     
Amendment; Assignment
. This Agreement may not be modified,
amended, altered or supplemented except by a writing signed by Acquiror,
Acquisition Sub and the Stockholders. Neither the Stockholders, Acquisition
Sub nor Acquiror may assign any of its rights or obligations under this
Agreement without the written consent of the other.

     11.     
Notices
. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given in person, by
telegram or facsimile (receipt verified), or sent by registered or certified
mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), and shall be deemed to have
been duly given if so given, to the respective parties as follows:

If to Acquiror or

Acquisition Sub:

General Dynamics Corporation

3190 Fairview Park Dr.

Falls Church, VA 22042-4523

Attention: David A. Savner

Fax: (703) 876-3554

G-3



With a copy to:

 Jenner & Block, LLC

 One IBM Plaza, 40
th

        Floor

 Chicago, Illinois 60611

 Attention: John F. Cox

 Fax: (312) 840-7396

If to Stockholders:

 c/o Monitor Clipper Partners

 Two Canal Park

 Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141

 Attention: Michael A. Bell

 Fax: (617) 252-2211

With a copy to:

 Ropes & Gray

 One International Place

 Boston, Massachusetts 02110-2624

 Attention: Winthrop G. Minot

 Fax: (617) 951-7050

or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in
writing, except that changes of address shall only be effective upon receipt.

     12.     
Counterparts
. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but each of
which together shall constitute one and the same document.

     13.     
Governing Law
. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

     14.     
Binding Effect
. This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to
the benefit of and be enforceable by the successors and permitted assigns of
the parties hereto. Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement is
intended or shall be construed to give any person other than the parties to
this Agreement, or their respective successors and permitted assigns any legal
or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or
any provision contained herein. Each of the parties to this Agreement will be
entitled to enforce its rights under this Agreement specifically, to recover
damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to
exercise all other rights to which such party may be entitled. EACH
STOCKHOLDER AGREES THAT MONEY DAMAGES ARE NOT AN ADEQUATE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF
ITS VOTING AGREEMENTS IN SECTION 1 OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS OTHER AGREEMENTS
HEREIN AND THAT ACQUIROR AND/OR ACQUISITION SUB MAY IN THEIR DISCRETION APPLY
TO ANY COURT OF LAW OR EQUITY OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION FOR SPECIFIC
PERFORMANCE AND/OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ORDER TO REQUIRE ANY VOTE REQUIRED BY
THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR TO ENFORCE OR PREVENT ANY VIOLATIONS OF THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

G-4



     15.     
Entire Agreement
. This Agreement and those documents expressly
referred to herein embody the complete agreement between the parties in respect
to the matter herein and supersede and preempt any prior understandings,
agreements or representatives by or among the parties, written or oral, which
may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way.

     16.     
Severability
. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction
of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and
restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall
in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

     17.     
Miscellaneous
. The headings contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

* * * * *

G-5



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Voting Agreement
to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

GENERAL DYNAMICS CORPORATION

By:

/s/ David A. Savner

Name:

David A. Savner

 Title:

 Senior Vice President and
        General Counsel, Secretary

ASPEN ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By:

 /s/ David A. Savner

Name:

David A. Savner

        Title:

        Vice President and Director

STOCKHOLDERS:

Monitor Clipper
Equity Partners, L.P.

Monitor Consulting, L.P.

By:

Monitor Clipper Partners, L.P.,

its general partner

By:

Monitor GP, Inc.,

its general partner

By:  MCP GP, Inc.,
its general partner

By:

 /s/ Mark Thomas 

By:

/s/ Mark Thomas 

Name:

Mark Thomas

Name:

Mark Thomas

Authorized Signatory

Authorized Signatory

Monitor Clipper Equity Partners

        (Foreign), L.P.

Monitor Company
        Group, L.P.

By:

 Monitor Clipper Partners,
        L.P., 

 By:

 Monitor Company Group G.P.,

its general partner

L.L.C., 
its general partner

 By: MCP GP, Inc.,

its general partner

By:

        /s/ Mark Thomas 

By:

/s/
        Mark Thomas

Name:

 Mark Thomas

Name:

 Mark Thomas

Authorized Signatory

Authorized
        Signatory

G-6



SCHEDULE I

Monitor Clipper Equity Partners, L.P.

6,108,214 shares

Monitor Clipper Equity Partners (Foreign), L.P.

1,154,584 shares

Monitor Consulting, L.P.

10,859 shares

Monitor Company Group Limited Partnership

10,859 shares

G-7



VERIDIAN CORPORATION

PROXY SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF VERIDIAN CORPORATION

FOR THE SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS ON AUGUST 7, 2003

     The undersigned stockholder hereby appoints Jerald S. Howe, Jr. and
Phyllis D. Seidler and each of them, his/her true and lawful agents and Proxies,
with full power of substitution and resubstitution in each of them, to represent
and vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of Veridian Corporation (the
Company) on Thursday, August 7, 2003, at 9:00 a.m., eastern daylight savings
time, at Veridian Corporations corporate offices, 1200 South Hayes Street, 11th
Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22202 or at any adjournment or adjournments thereof
on all matters coming before said meeting, all shares of common stock of the
Company which the undersigned stockholder may be entitled to vote. The Proxies
are hereby instructed to vote as shown on the reverse side of this card and are
also authorized to vote in their discretion on all other matters properly
brought before the meeting. The undersigned stockholder hereby acknowledges
receipt of the Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders and accompanying Proxy
Statement.

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT

(Continued and to be marked, dated and signed on the reverse side)



SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS OF

VERIDIAN CORPORATION

AUGUST 7, 2003

PROXY VOTING INSTRUCTIONS

VOTE BY INTERNET OR TELEPHONE OR MAIL 24 HOURS A DAY, 7 DAYS A WEEK. INTERNET
AND TELEPHONE VOTING IS AVAILABLE THROUGH 5 P.M. EASTERN TIME THE BUSINESS DAY
PRIOR TO THE SPECIAL MEETING. YOUR INTERNET OR TELEPHONE VOTE AUTHORIZES THE
PROXIES TO VOTE YOUR SHARES IN THE SAME MANNER AS IF YOU MARKED, SIGNED, DATED
AND RETURNED YOUR PROXY CARD.

MAIL 
- Mark, sign, date and mail your proxy card promptly in

the enclosed postage-paid envelope.

COMPANY NUMBER

[                     ]

- OR -

TELEPHONE 
- Call TOLL-FREE 
1-800-776-9437 
from any

touch-tone telephone and follow the instructions. Have your

control number and proxy card available when you call.

There is NO CHARGE to you for this call.

ACCOUNT NUMBER

[                     ]

- OR -

INTERNET 
- Access 
www.voteproxy.com

and follow the

on-screen instructions. Have your control number and proxy

card available when you access the web page.

CONTROL NUMBER

[                     ]

IF YOU VOTE YOUR PROXY BY INTERNET OR BY TELEPHONE,

YOU DO 
NOT 
NEED TO MAIL BACK YOUR PROXY CARD.

o Please detach and mail in the enclosed envelope IF you are not voting via telephone or the Internet. o

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS
A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL 1.

PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN PROMPTLY IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. PLEASE MARK YOUR VOTE IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS SHOWN HERE

x

FOR

AGAINST

ABSTAIN

1.

To approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
June 9, 2003, by and among General Dynamics Corporation, Veridian
Corporation and Aspen Acquisition Corporation, a wholly owned
subsidiary of General Dynamics Corporation.

o

o

o

In their discretion, the Proxies are authorized to vote upon such other business
as may properly come before the meeting.

This proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors of Veridian
Corporation. This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in accordance
with the instructions given above. If no instructions are given, this proxy will
be voted FOR Proposal 1. The Proxies cannot vote your shares unless you sign
and return this proxy or vote by phone or Internet.

Please mark, sign,
date and mail this proxy promptly in the enclosed envelope.

Place X here if you plan to attend and
vote your shares at the meeting.

o

To change the address on your account, please check the box at right and
indicate your new address in the address space above. Please note that changes
to the registered name(s) on the account may not be submitted via
this method.

o

Signature of Stockholder 

 Date:

 Signature of Stockholder

Date: 

Note
:

This proxy must be signed exactly as the name appears hereon. When shares are held jointly, each holder should sign. When
signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If the signer is a corporation,
please sign full corporate name by duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. If signer is a partnership, please sign in
partnership name by authorized person.

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----