The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     During June and October 2001, representatives of Identix and Visionics
conducted a series of meetings to discuss potential strategic opportunities
between the companies, including a possible business combination. All
discussions between the parties terminated with no agreement with respect to a
potential transaction.

      On January 10, 2002, Visionics instructed its financial advisor, Morgan
Keegan, to contact Identix about arranging a meeting with Dr. Joseph Atick,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Visionics, to discuss a possible
business combination. Senior executives of Identix and Visionics and
representatives of Morgan Keegan met on January 12, 2002 to discuss each
company's general business strategy and the potential benefits of a business
combination. The discussions addressed, among other matters, potential
financial, business operational and integration synergies.
On January 13, 2001, the Visionics board of directors met with
representatives of Morgan Keegan concerning a potential transaction with
Identix. The Morgan Keegan representatives discussed with the Visionics' board a
non-binding proposed term sheet, including share exchange formulas and other
terms of a potential business combination. The Visionics board discussed the
terms of a possible transaction as well as other strategic alternatives
available to Visionics. The Visionics board authorized management, with support
from Morgan Keegan and Visionics' outside advisors and legal counsel, to pursue
further discussions with Identix.

     On January 17, 2002, Visionics formally engaged Morgan Keegan to act as its
financial advisor in connection with a potential transaction with Identix.

     On January 18, 2002, Identix and Visionics entered into a confidentiality
agreement to facilitate more detailed discussions and the companies' review of
each others' proprietary information in connection with a possible merger.

     On January 18 and 19, 2002, representatives of the parties and their
respective financial advisors met to consider and negotiate a basis for
establishing an exchange ratio based on publicly available market data, subject
to approval by the parties' boards of directors and the results of the parties'
due diligence investigations.

     On January 22, 2002, Identix signed a formal engagement letter with Lehman
Brothers to assist Identix in evaluating a possible merger with Visionics.

     On January 23, 2002, the parties agreed to a preliminary non-binding
outline setting forth the major terms of a proposed business combination,
subject to further discussion and due diligence review, and subject to review
and approval by each company's board of directors.

     On January 29, 2002, the Identix board of directors met for a regularly
scheduled meeting. Certain Identix senior executives presented an overview of
discussions and activities to date, including the engagement of Lehman Brothers.
Preliminary terms for a possible transaction were outlined, and possible next
steps were discussed by the Identix board. The Identix board authorized the
appropriate officers of Identix, with support from Lehman Brothers and Identix'
outside advisors and legal counsel, to continue discussions with Visionics,
proceed to the next level of diligence and analysis, and report back to the
board with additional information and recommendations.

     Following the Identix board of directors meeting on January 29, 2002, each
party initiated due diligence investigations of the other. This due diligence
review continued through February 21, 2002. During this period,

members of Identix' senior management, Lehman Brothers and Identix' independent
accountants and internal and outside legal counsel held meetings with members of
Visionics' senior management, Morgan Keegan and Visionics' independent
accountants and legal counsel regarding business, financial, legal, operational
and integration matters associated with the proposed merger. Identix' internal
and outside legal counsel, independent accountants, and Lehman Brothers reviewed
the due diligence materials provided by Visionics. Visionics' legal counsel,
independent accountants and Morgan Keegan reviewed the due diligence materials
provided by Identix. During this period, the parties also began negotiations
regarding the merger agreement.
The Visionics board of directors met on February 7, 2002 to discuss a
potential transaction with Identix. Visionics management described the
discussions with Identix regarding a proposed transaction and representatives of
various advisors to Visionics reported to its board the results of their
respective due diligence investigations. Visionics management led board members
through a discussion of the joint strategic planning process conducted by the
parties and a summary of the merger agreement. The board discussed the proposed
business combination and alternative strategies available to Visionics. The
board also reviewed the terms of potential employment agreements between Identix
and its senior executives, including a potential agreement with Dr. Atick,
contingent upon completion of merger.

     The Visionics board met again on February 18, 2002. Visionics management
provided board members with an updated report on the status of the proposed
transaction and representatives of Morgan Keegan presented the board with a
detailed description of the financial analyses it deemed appropriate and
relevant in determining the fairness of the transaction, from a financial point
of view, to the stockholders of Visionics and the results derived from such
analyses. Representatives of Morgan Keegan concluded their presentation by
delivering to the board of directors Morgan Keegan's oral opinion that, as of
February 18, 2002, from a financial point of view, the exchange ratio to be
received by Visionics in the merger was fair to the stockholders of Visionics.
Representatives of Visionics' legal counsel described for the board the status
of the parties' negotiation of the merger agreement. The board also heard a
report concerning the status of potential employment agreements with senior
executives of Identix, including Dr. Atick.
On February 21, 2002, the Identix board of directors held a special meeting
during which it considered the proposed merger with Visionics. The board of
directors received presentations from the management, as well as Identix'
financial, accounting and legal advisors. Identix board members received a copy
of the merger agreement. The Compensation Committee of the board of directors
also presented recommendations regarding the potential employment agreements and
compensation of certain senior executives of the merged entity, contingent upon
completion of the merger. The Identix board of directors also received Lehman
Brothers' oral opinion that as of February 21, 2002 and subject to certain
matters, from a financial point of view, the exchange ratio to be offered by
Identix in the merger was fair to the stockholders of Identix.

     On February 22, 2002, the Identix board reconvened to continue discussions
of the proposed transaction. Initially, the meeting was comprised of
non-employee directors, who discussed elements of the proposed merger relating
to the employment arrangements of certain senior executives of the combined
company. Thereafter, the entire board convened, and Lehman Brothers delivered to
the board of directors its final written fairness opinion that, as of February
22, 2002, and based on and subject to certain matters stated therein, from a
financial point of view, the exchange ratio to be offered by Identix in the
merger was fair to the stockholders of Identix (see "Opinion of financial
advisor to Identix" on page 36). After further discussion and for the reasons
contained in the section titled "-- Identix' reasons for the merger," the
Identix board unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby and determined to recommend approval by Identix
stockholders of the issuance of Identix common stock in the merger.
On February 22, 2002, the Visionics board of directors held a telephone
meeting to discuss the Identix transaction. Management reported on the status of
the parties' negotiations and due diligence review, and each board member
received a copy of the merger agreement. Representatives of Morgan Keegan
presented the board of directors with Morgan Keegan's final written opinion
that, as of February 22, 2002, from a financial point of view, the exchange
ratio to be received by Visionics was fair to the stockholders of Visionics.
(See "Opinion of financial advisor to Visionics" on page 44). The board
discussed the proposed transaction and whether it was in the best interests of
Visionics and its stockholders. Following the discussion, the board

unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereunder, including the merger, and resolved to recommend to the stockholders
of Visionics that the merger agreement and proposed merger be approved and
adopted by the stockholders.

IDENTIX' REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     At meetings held on February 21 and February 22, 2002, the Identix board of
directors unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. The board of directors concluded that the
proposed merger and related transactions were fair to and in the best interests
of Identix and its stockholders. In reaching its decision, the board of
directors consulted with its financial advisors, Lehman Brothers, its legal
counsel, Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe LLP, its independent accountants,
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, and with Identix' senior management. The board took
into consideration a number of factors, including the following:

     - the opportunity to respond more fully to the needs of multiple markets
       and industries for live scan and biometric security applications and
       solutions through combined product and service offerings;

     - the opportunity to create multi-biometric enabled enterprise security
       systems;


     - the opportunity to offer a more complete line of products to the combined
       company's customer base;

     - the opportunity to realize efficiencies in combined field sales and
       support teams to produce increased productivity and greater customer
       satisfaction;

     - the opportunity to build upon relationships with selected product and
       service partners of Identix and Visionics;

     - the opportunity to further pursue the global capabilities of Identix and
       Visionics;

     - the opportunity to integrate engineering and technical resources to
       create greater productivity and broader product and service offerings;

     - the potential enhancement of revenue growth associated with combining
       complementary product lines and sales channels;

     - the potential cost savings associated with the elimination of redundant
       expenses; and

     - the opinion of Lehman Brothers that, as of February 22, 2002, and based
       on and subject to certain matters stated therein, from a financial point
       of view, the exchange ratio to be offered by Identix in the merger was
       fair to the stockholders of Identix.

     The Identix board also identified and considered a variety of potential
risks and potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the
merger, including, but not limited to:

     - the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
       fully realized;

     - the possibility that the merger might not be consummated;

     - the potential dilutive effect of the issuance of Identix common stock in
       the merger;



     - the substantial charges to be incurred, primarily in the quarter ending
       June 30, 2002, in connection with the merger, including costs of
       integrating the businesses and transaction expenses arising from the
       merger; and

     - various other risks.

     The Identix board believed that these risks were outweighed by the
potential benefits of the merger.

     In view of the wide variety of the material factors considered in
connection with the evaluation of the merger and the complexity of these
matters, the Identix board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did
not, quantify or otherwise attempt to assign any relative weight to the various
factors considered. In addition, the Identix board of directors did not
undertake to make any specific determination as to whether

any particular factor, or any aspect of any particular factor, was favorable or
unfavorable to the ultimate determination of the Identix board of directors, but
rather the Identix board of directors conducted an overall analysis of the
factors described above, including discussions with and questioning of Identix'
senior management and legal and financial advisors.

     There can be no assurance that the potential savings, synergies or
opportunities considered by the Identix board of directors will be achieved
though consummation of the merger. See "Risk Factors" beginning on page 15.

OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO IDENTIX


     General.  Lehman Brothers has acted as financial advisor to Identix in
connection with the merger. On February 22, 2002, Lehman Brothers rendered its
opinion to the Identix board of directors that as of such date and, based upon
and subject to certain matters stated therein, from a financial point of view,
the exchange ratio to be offered by Identix in the merger, was fair to the
stockholders of Identix.

     THE FULL TEXT OF THE LEHMAN BROTHERS' WRITTEN OPINION DATED FEBRUARY 22,
2002 IS INCLUDED AS ANNEX B TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. IDENTIX
STOCKHOLDERS MAY READ THE LEHMAN BROTHERS OPINION FOR A DISCUSSION OF THE
PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, FACTORS CONSIDERED, ASSUMPTIONS MADE AND QUALIFICATIONS AND
LIMITATIONS OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY LEHMAN BROTHERS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS
OPINION. THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF THE LEHMAN BROTHERS OPINION AND THE
METHODOLOGY THAT LEHMAN BROTHERS USED TO RENDER ITS OPINION.

     Lehman Brothers' advisory services and opinion were provided for the
information and assistance of the Identix board of directors in connection with
its consideration of the merger agreement. Lehman Brothers' opinion is not
intended to be and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of
Identix as to how such stockholder should vote with respect to the merger.
Lehman Brothers was not requested to opine as to, and Lehman Brothers' opinion
does not address, Identix' underlying business decision to proceed with or
effect the merger.

     In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers reviewed and analyzed:

     - the merger agreement and the specific terms of the merger;


     - publicly available information concerning Identix that Lehman Brothers
       believed to be relevant to its analysis, including Identix' Annual Report
       on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001 and Quarterly
       Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended September 30, 2001 and
       December 31, 2001;

     - publicly available information concerning Visionics that Lehman Brothers
       believed to be relevant to its analysis, including Visionics' Annual
       Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 and
       Visionics' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December
       31, 2001;

     - financial and operating information with respect to the business,
       operations and prospects of Identix furnished to Lehman Brothers by
       Identix;

       operations and prospects of Visionics furnished to Lehman Brothers by

     - the operating synergies and strategic benefits expected by the management
       of Identix and Visionics to result from a combination of the businesses
       of Identix and Visionics (the "Expected Synergies");

     - publicly available estimates of the future financial performance of
       Identix prepared by Lehman Brothers' research analyst;

       Visionics prepared by third party research analysts;

     - trading histories of the common stock of Identix and Visionics from
       January 1, 2001 to February 20, 2002 and a comparison of these trading
       histories with each other and those of other companies that Lehman
       Brothers deemed relevant;