The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Millennium Chemicals Inc & Lyondell Chemical Co:
Background of the Proposed Transaction 

Millennium has been an independent, publicly owned company since its demerger (i.e., spin-off) from Hanson PLC in October 1996, when Hanson transferred its chemical operations, including the petrochemicals and polymers businesses of
Millennium Petrochemicals Inc. (which was then named Quantum Chemical Corporation) and Hansons TiO

 and
fragrance and flavors businesses to Millennium. Quantum had been an independent, publicly owned company until its acquisition by Hanson in September 1993. 



On several occasions before the demerger of Millennium, the possibility of a business combination between
Lyondell and Quantum was explored by such companies or their then-parent entities. Sometimes the discussions were initiated by or on behalf of Lyondell, other times by Quantum or Hanson. These discussions included inquiries that Lyondell made to
Hanson in 1996 between the announcement and completion of the demerger, which Hanson declined in favor of pursuing the demerger.
In January 1997, the senior managements of Lyondell and Millennium decided to explore various alternatives for combining the petrochemicals and polymers
businesses of the two companies. These discussions culminated in an agreement to form Equistar, which was announced in July 1997 and completed on December 1, 1997. Initially, Lyondells subsidiaries owned 57% of Equistar and Millenniums
subsidiaries owned 43%. Since it was formed, Equistar has been managed by a Partnership Governance Committee that includes representatives of each owner. 

Occidental joined Equistar in May 1998, contributing its petrochemicals business. After giving effect to Occidentals contribution, Lyondells
subsidiaries owned 41% of Equistar, Millenniums subsidiaries 29.5% and Occidentals subsidiaries 29.5%. 

The Equistar governing documents contained right of first option provisions, under which, if any of the three parent entities wished to sell
its interest in Equistar or the stock of its partner subsidiaries that owned its interest, it was required to give notice to the other parent entities, stating the price at which it wished to sell the interest and the other proposed
terms. The other parent entities then had a 45-day period in which to exercise a right of first option to purchase the interest or shares at that price and on the other proposed terms. If both of the other parent entities wished to exercise the
right, the governing documents provided that they were to do so pro rata in accordance with their existing ownership interests in Equistar. The documents also provided that any sale must be for cash and that various other requirements be satisfied,
unless otherwise approved by the parent entities not participating in the transaction.
The Equistar governing documents also contained a standstill agreement, under which each of the parent entities agreed that neither it nor any of its affiliates would, among other things, make any
unsolicited proposal for a merger or other business combination involving either of the other parent entities or otherwise seek to control either of the others, except in each case with the prior written invitation of such other parent entity. The
standstill provisions continued to apply to a parent and its affiliates for 24 months after the date on which the parent and its affiliates no longer held an interest in Equistar. 

In January 2000, Millennium advised Lyondell and Occidental that it wished to sell the stock of its subsidiary Millennium
Petrochemicals Inc., which owns the subsidiaries that hold Millenniums partnership interests in Equistar. In addition to its interest in Equistar, Millennium Petrochemicals also owns other assets and has other liabilities, including the assets
and liabilities of Millenniums acetyls business. Lyondell and Occidental advised Millennium that they believed that the proposed transaction failed to comply with certain requirements of the Equistar governing documents, but that they would
not object to the sale, provided other requirements of the governing documents were satisfied. In September 2000, Millennium publicly announced that it had terminated its active marketing of its Equistar interest. The owners of Equistar have from
time to time, both before and after Millenniums notice, informally discussed other transactions that, if consummated, could have resulted in a transfer or modification, either directly or indirectly, of their interests in Equistar.
In late 2001, Lyondell and Occidental began discussing an acquisition by
Lyondell of Occidentals partner subsidiaries in Equistar in exchange for Lyondell securities. Pursuant to the requirements of the Equistar governing documents, Lyondell and Occidental required Millenniums consent to the transaction
because the transaction would not satisfy the requirement of the governing documents that the consideration consist solely of cash. In January 2002, Millennium declined to consent to the transaction. 

Thereafter, Occidental and Lyondell discussed potential transactions in which
Lyondell would issue securities to Occidental for cash and use the cash proceeds to purchase Occidentals partner subsidiaries in 



Equistar. On January 22, 2002, Occidental confirmed to Lyondell and Millennium in writing that it was interested in selling the stock of its partner
subsidiaries for cash of $440 million and asked each of them to contact Occidental if they were interested in purchasing all or a pro rata portion of the stock. Occidentals letter stated that it was not a formal notice under the right of first
option provisions described above. Occidental also advised Millennium that Occidental expected Lyondell to accept the offer and that Occidental expected to negotiate an equity investment in Lyondell by Occidental for $440 million in cash, which
Lyondell would use to fund the purchase of Occidentals partner subsidiaries. On January 23, 2002, Lyondell confirmed to Occidental and Millennium its interest in purchasing Occidentals partner subsidiaries.
By letter dated January 30, 2002, Millennium advised Occidental and Lyondell
that it believed that, under the Equistar governing documents, the proposed transaction between Lyondell and Occidental would require Millenniums consent and that Millennium was not in a position to consent at that time. Millenniums
letter also stated that it believed it would be in the best interests of all three Equistar owners to work to achieve a mutually acceptable restructuring of Equistars ownership. Millennium orally advised Lyondell and Occidental that it
believed that the proposed sale by Occidental of its partner subsidiaries to Lyondell did not comply with the requirements of the Equistar governing documents because, in Millenniums view, it was not a sale for cash and/or it failed to meet
what Millennium believed to be other applicable requirements. Occidental and Lyondell advised Millennium that they believed the proposed sale satisfied all applicable requirements and did not require Millenniums consent under the governing
documents. 

On January 31, 2002, Lyondell announced that it had
agreed in principle to sell Lyondell securities to Occidental for $440 million in cash and to purchase Occidentals partner subsidiaries in Equistar for $440 million in cash. The announcement stated that Millennium could purchase a pro rata
portion of the stock of Occidentals partner subsidiaries if it wished to do so. The announcement also stated that the transactions would be subject to completion and execution of definitive documentation, Lyondell shareholder approval and
customary closing conditions.
During the first few months of
2002, Lyondell engaged in various discussions with Millennium concerning the possibility of Lyondells acquiring Millenniums interest in Equistar, directly or indirectly. The parties were not able to agree on a valuation of
Millenniums interest in Equistar that was mutually acceptable. In addition, Lyondell had a preference for using Lyondell common stock as the form of consideration, and Millennium preferred cash. 

On April 19, 2002, Occidental delivered to both Lyondell and Millennium a
notice under the Equistar right of first option provisions, stating that either of them could purchase Occidentals partner subsidiaries in Equistar for cash of $440 million pursuant to an agreement in substantially the form attached to the
notice. The notice stated that if both Lyondell and Millennium wished to exercise their rights to purchase, they could do so pro rata. Occidental also advised Millennium that it expected to enter into a securities purchase agreement with Lyondell to
purchase Lyondell securities for cash, which Lyondell would use to purchase Occidentals partner subsidiaries in Equistar.
On May 31, 2002, Lyondell, in a formal response to Occidentals April 19, 2002 notice, advised Occidental that it wished to purchase all the stock of
Occidentals partner subsidiaries or, if Millennium also elected to participate, its pro rata share. Also on May 31, 2002, Lyondell, Occidental, Millennium and Equistar entered into a settlement agreement. In that agreement, among other things,
(1) Millennium agreed not to exercise its right of first option to participate in the purchase of Occidentals partner subsidiaries in Equistar, (2) Millennium agreed to waive and release any and all claims it might have that the transactions
between Lyondell and Occidental did not comply with the requirements of the Equistar governing documents and the parties represented and agreed that the transactions did comply with those requirements, (3) Lyondell, Occidental and Millennium agreed
that Millennium and Occidental and their affiliates would be released from indemnity agreements they had made regarding indebtedness of Equistar following the closing of Lyondells purchase of Occidentals partner subsidiaries and (4)
Millennium and Lyondell agreed to make certain changes to the Equistar governing 



documents. Many of the foregoing provisions also applied to subsidiaries of the parties, which also signed the settlement agreement. The settlement agreement
confirmed that the right of first option and standstill provisions described above would continue to be effective after Lyondells purchase of Occidentals partner subsidiaries on substantially the same terms as they had been before the
purchase, except that Lyondell and Millennium would be the only parent entities under the new provisions.
On July 8, 2002, Lyondell and Occidental executed definitive agreements for Lyondells sale of securities to Occidental for $440 million in cash and
for Occidentals sale of the stock of its partner subsidiaries to Lyondell for $440 million in cash. Both transactions were completed on August 22, 2002, following approval by Lyondells shareholders. 

Since completion of those transactions, Lyondells subsidiaries have
owned 70.5% of Equistar and Millenniums subsidiaries have owned the other 29.5%. As a result of the transactions, Occidental beneficially owns approximately 25% of the outstanding Lyondell shares and two executive officers of Occidental are
members of Lyondells board of directors. 

In the fall of
2002, representatives of Lyondell and Millennium met several times to discuss the possibility of an acquisition by Lyondell of Millenniums interest in Equistar. The parties were unable to agree about valuation and structural issues.

In June 2003, William M. Landuyt, who was then the chairman
and chief executive officer of Millennium, called Dan F. Smith, the president and chief executive officer of Lyondell, and raised the potential of reconsidering strategic alternatives between the two companies. Mr. Smith said that he remained
interested in pursuing those matters. 

In late July 2003, Mr.
Smith called Worley H. Clark, Jr., who had recently become Millenniums chairman following the resignation of Mr. Landuyt, to congratulate Mr. Clark on his appointment as chairman. Mr. Smith also discussed Lyondells interest in acquiring
Millenniums 29.5% stake in Equistar and, alternatively, the possibility of a business combination of Lyondell and Millennium. Mr. Clark said he was always interested in discussing the subject of enhancing shareholder value.
Subsequently, Mr. Lee, who had become Millenniums chief executive
officer, called Mr. Smith. Mr. Lee said Millennium might be interested in selling its Equistar interest to Lyondell, but that Millennium would expect to receive greater value than Lyondell had paid Occidental for its interest and that Millennium
would prefer to receive cash rather than Lyondell stock. Mr. Smith then expressed an interest in discussing not only a potential Equistar transaction but also a business combination of Lyondell and Millennium. Mr. Lee said that he would be willing
to consider any option that was beneficial to Millenniums shareholders, but advised that Millenniums board of directors believed that Millennium needed to focus on improving Millenniums financial condition in the near term.

On August 13, 2003, Mr. Clark sent a letter to Dr.
William T. Butler, Lyondells chairman, stating that, among other things, Millennium wanted to explore all possible ideas for improving Equistars performance and to ensure that there would not be a cash call on the partners that could
further influence Millenniums credit ratings. Mr. Clark also said that Millennium wanted to evaluate with Lyondell the possibility of selling Equistar as a whole. 

On August 27, 2003, Dr. Butler replied to Mr. Clark with a letter saying that Lyondells board of directors would
discuss Mr. Clarks letter in due course, but that Lyondells board had recently endorsed Lyondell managements strategic plan, which, among other things, confirmed that Equistar is a core business for Lyondell. He encouraged
Millennium to offer to Lyondells management any suggestions Millennium might have for improving Equistars performance.
On September 3, 2003, Mr. Smith and other Lyondell representatives met with Messrs. Clark and Lee in
Houston. At the meeting, the parties discussed Equistars governance and operations. Afterwards, Mr. Smith and Mr. Clark agreed to schedule a meeting in the near future to discuss the possibility of a business combination of Lyondell and
Millennium and, alternatively, the possibility of an acquisition by Lyondell of Millenniums interest in Equistar. 

On October 13, 2003, Mr. Smith and T. Kevin DeNicola, Lyondells chief financial officer, met with Mr. Lee and John E. Lushefski, Millenniums
chief financial officer, in Baltimore to discuss the possibility of a business combination of Lyondell and Millennium and, alternatively, the possibility of an acquisition by Lyondell of Millenniums interest in Equistar. At the meeting the
Millennium representatives suggested there be further meetings to provide members of Millenniums board of directors with an opportunity to learn more about Lyondell and Equistar and their management personnel. 

On December 10, 2003, the Equistar Partnership Governance Committee held a
meeting in Houston. In addition to Millenniums management representatives on the committee, Mr. Clark and David J.P. Meachin, another independent director of Millennium, attended the meeting. After the meeting, Mr. Smith and Mr. Clark agreed
to meet again soon to further discuss strategic alternatives for the companies. 

On December 17, 2003, Messrs. Smith and DeNicola met with Mr. Clark in Chicago. At the meeting, Mr. Smith said that Lyondell was interested in exploring the possibility of a business combination between the companies.
The participants also discussed Equistars governance and Equistars long-range plan, and the Lyondell representatives offered their views regarding a possible combination of the companies.
On January 12, 2004, Mr. DeNicola and Kerry A. Galvin, Lyondells
general counsel, met with Mr. Lushefski and William Carmean, Millenniums general counsel, in Red Bank, New Jersey. The participants discussed the merits of a combination, the potential for significant cost savings and efficiencies and the
level of a potential premium for Millenniums shareholders. They also explored structural and timing issues that would need to be addressed in any potential business combination. 

On January 19, 2004, Mr. Smith sent a letter to Mr. Clark confirming Lyondells interest in exploring with Millennium
the feasibility and desirability of a stock-for-stock business combination between Lyondell and Millennium and to offer Lyondells views on what some of the particulars of such a transaction might be. The letter stated that, although
Lyondells analysis was ongoing, Lyondell believed, based on the information it had reviewed to date, that it could achieve an exchange ratio in the range of 0.95 to 1.05 shares of Lyondell common stock for each share of Millennium common
stock. The letter said the expression of interest was subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence investigations and also that any transaction would be subject to board of directors, shareholder and regulatory approvals, as well as
satisfactory definitive documentation. The letter further stated that, in light of the discussions between the parties, it was Lyondells understanding that the letter did not contravene the standstill agreement described above.
Millenniums board of directors, with all directors present, met on
January 23, 2004. During this meeting, Millenniums board of directors discussed Lyondells expression of interest. Millenniums board of directors appointed a special committee of the board of directors to consider Lyondells
letter and make a recommendation to Millenniums chairman as to Millenniums appropriate response. The special committee discussed the advisability and feasibility of entering into a business combination with Lyondell or selling
Millenniums interest in Equistar to Lyondell. On January 27, 2004, Mr. Clark called Mr. Smith to inform him of the creation of the special committee of the board of directors, and Mr. Smith relayed that information to Lyondells board of
directors in a memorandum dated January 28, 2004. 

At a
regularly scheduled meeting on February 5, 2004, Lyondells board of directors discussed the possibility of a transaction with Millennium, and authorized management to continue to explore the possibility. 



The special committee appointed by Millenniums board of directors held meetings on February 1, 8
and 11, 2004 to consider the feasibility and advisability of a potential business combination between Millennium and Lyondell or a potential acquisition by Lyondell of Millenniums interest in Equistar. The special committee also considered the
standstill agreement between the companies. The special committee concluded by making certain recommendations incorporated into the February 12, 2004 letter from Mr. Clark to Mr. Smith, described below.