URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1046501/000119312508174435/0001193125-08-174435.txt

-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 HNgkB8lxZXjK4ehTxlJQ5K5qhdonsqWdrBTT3JEDxwBjuNqPab560448dhT9rPgs
 OuAbsG2hWeHk+MUjL7E2PA==

0001193125-08-174435.txt : 20080812

0001193125-08-174435.hdr.sgml : 20080812

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-08-174435
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	SC 14D9
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080812
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080812

SUBJECT COMPANY:	

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BUCA INC /MN
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001046501
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				411802364
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1227

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 14D9
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-56397
		FILM NUMBER:		081008643

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 NICOLLET MALL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3043
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6122882382

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 NICOLLET MALL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3043
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BUCA INC /MN
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001046501
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				411802364
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1227

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 14D9

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 NICOLLET MALL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3043
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6122882382

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 NICOLLET MALL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3043
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403

SC 14D9

dsc14d9.htm

SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT

Solicitation/Recommendation Statement

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

SCHEDULE 14D-9 

SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT UNDER

SECTION 14(d)(4) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

BUCA, INC. 

(Name of Subject Company) 

BUCA, INC. 

(Name of Person Filing
Statement) 

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

(Title of Class of Securities) 

(CUSIP Number of Class of Securities) 

John T. Bettin

Chief Executive Officer and President 

BUCA, Inc. 

1300 Nicollet Mall, Suite 5003 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 55403 

(612)
288-2382 

(Name, Address and Telephone Numbers of Person Authorized to Receive Notice and 

Communications on Behalf of the Person Filing Statement) 

Copies to: 

Douglas P. Long 

Faegre & Benson LLP 

2200 Wells Fargo Center 

90 South Seventh Street 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402-3901 

Phone: (612) 766-7000 

Fax:
(612) 766-1600 

 

Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications made before the commencement of a tender offer. 

Item 1.

Subject Company Information. 

(a) 
Name and
Address. 
The name of the subject company is BUCA, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (BUCA or the Company). The address of the principal executive offices of the Company is 1300 Nicollet Mall, Suite 5003, Minneapolis,
Minnesota, 55403 and the Companys telephone number is (612) 225-3400. 

(b) 
Securities. 
The title of the class of equity
securities to which this Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (together with the exhibits and annexes, this Schedule) relates is the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock and the shares of the Common Stock being referred to collectively as the Shares). As of the close of business on July 31, 2008, there were 21,408,901 Shares issued and outstanding. 

Item 2.

Identity and Background of Filing Person. 

(a) 
Name and Address.
 The Company is the person filing this Schedule. The name, business address and business telephone number of the Company are set forth in Item 1(a) above. The Companys website address is
www.bucainc.com. The information on the Companys website should not be considered a part of this Schedule. 

(b) 
Tender
Offer.
 This Schedule relates to the tender offer by BUCA Financing, LLC (Purchaser), a Florida limited liability company and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Planet Hollywood International, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(Parent or Planet Hollywood), disclosed in the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO dated August 12, 2008 (as amended or supplemented from time to time and together with the exhibits thereto, the Schedule
TO), to purchase all of the outstanding Shares at a purchase price of $0.45 per Share (the Offer Price), net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, less any required withholding taxes, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated August 12, 2008 (the Offer to Purchase) and in the related Letter of Transmittal (the Letter of Transmittal, which together with the Offer to Purchase, each as may be
amended or supplemented from time to time, collectively constitute the Offer ). The Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal are being mailed with this Schedule and are filed as Exhibits (a)(1)(A) and (a)(1)(B) to this Schedule,
respectively, and are incorporated in this Schedule by reference. 

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger
dated as of August 5, 2008 (as such agreement may be amended from time to time, the Merger Agreement), among Parent, Purchaser and the Company. There is no financing condition to the Offer. The Offer is conditioned upon, among other
things, the satisfaction of the Minimum Condition (as described below). The Minimum Condition requires that the number of Shares that has been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer represent at least a majority of
the then total number of issued and outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis. The Offer also is subject to other conditions set forth in Section 15 of the Offer to Purchase. The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, for the making
of the Offer and further provides that following the consummation of the Offer and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and in accordance with the Minnesota Business Corporation Act (the
MBCA), Purchaser will merge with and into the Company (the Merger) and the Company will continue as the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation). In the Merger, each Share outstanding immediately prior to
the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), other than Shares held by (i) Planet Hollywood, the Purchaser, any of their respective subsidiaries or any subsidiary of BUCA, which Shares will be cancelled and shall cease to
exist or (ii) stockholders who properly demanded appraisal of such Shares under Minnesota law with respect to such Shares) will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive $0.45, without interest thereon and less any required
withholding taxes. Following the Effective Time, the Company will continue as an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. A copy of the Merger Agreement is filed as Exhibit (e)(1) to this Schedule and is incorporated in this Schedule by
reference. 

As set forth in the Schedule TO, the address of the principal executive office of Parent is 7598 West Sand Lake Road,
Orlando, FL 32819, and its telephone number is 407-363-7827, and the address of the principal 

executive office of Purchaser is located at the same address as the Parents principal executive office listed above, and its telephone number at that
address is the same telephone number as Parents telephone number listed above. 

Item 3.

Past Contacts, Transactions, Negotiations and Agreements. 

Except as described in this Schedule, in BUCA, Inc.s Information Statement attached to this Schedule as Annex I (the Information Statement) or as otherwise incorporated by reference in this Schedule, to the knowledge
of the Company as of the date of this Schedule, there are no material agreements, arrangements or understandings nor any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the Company or its affiliates and: (i) the Companys executive
officers, directors or affiliates; or (ii) Parent, Purchaser or their respective executive officers, directors or affiliates relating to the Offer or the Merger. Certain executive officers and directors of the Company have interests in the
Offer and Merger that are described below, which present them with certain conflicts of interest. 

The information contained in Item 4
below is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, the Information Statement is being furnished to the Companys shareholders pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
and Rule 14f-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act, in connection with Purchasers right (after Purchaser accepts for payment and pays for Shares tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer) to designate persons to the Board of
Directors of the Company (the BUCA Board) other than at a meeting of the shareholders of the Company. The Information Statement is incorporated in this Schedule by reference, which includes information from the following sections of
Annex I: Director Compensation; Executive Compensation; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management; and Transactions with Related Persons. In considering the recommendation of the
BUCA Board with respect to the Offer, the Companys shareholders should be aware that certain executive officers and directors of the Company and certain other parties have interests in the Offer that are described in the sections that are
incorporated herein by reference that may present them with certain potential conflicts of interest. 

The Board was aware of the foregoing
and considered them along with other matters described below in Item 4(b) The Solicitation or RecommendationBackground and Reasons for the Recommendation. 

The Subject Company, its Executive Officers, Directors or Affiliates. 

The following is a
discussion of all known material agreements, arrangements, understandings and any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the Company and its affiliates that relate to the Offer. Additional material agreements, arrangements, understandings
and actual or potential conflicts of interest between the Company and its affiliates that are unrelated to the Offer are discussed in the Information Statement. 

(a)

Interests of Certain Persons 

Certain members of
management and the BUCA Board may be deemed to have certain interests in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement that are different from or in addition to the interests of the Companys shareholders generally. The BUCA Board was
aware of these interests and considered that such interests may be different from or in addition to the interests of the Companys shareholders generally, among other matters, in approving the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby. As described below, consummation of the Offer will constitute a change in control of the Company under the employment agreements between the Company and each of its executive officers and other key employees. Pursuant to the Executive
Severance Plan (as defined below), certain executives will be entitled to payments of certain amounts if, following the Offer, the Company terminates the employment of such employee without cause (as defined below) or the employee terminates his or
her employment with good reason (as defined below). 

(b)

Executive Severance Plan 

Effective December 20,
2007, the BUCA Board approved the BUCA, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (the Executive Severance Plan). The Executive Severance Plan provides severance benefits in the event of a participants involuntary termination of employment
without cause or, if occurring within one year after a change in control, the employees termination without cause or for good reason. The Executive Severance Plan provides for severance payments equal to a certain number of months of the
employees base salary, as established by the Compensation Committee of the BUCA Board. The Executive Severance Plan also provides for the payment of COBRA premiums on behalf of the participant for that period. Severance payments under the
Executive Severance Plan are conditioned on the employees entering into an employment agreement that contains covenants against competition and solicitation, as well as releasing the Company from all claims related to his or her employment. In
connection with the adoption of the Executive Severance Plan, the Company entered into revised employment agreements with each of John T. Bettin, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and President, Dennis J. Goetz, the Companys Chief
Financial Officer, and Richard G. Erstad, the Companys General Counsel and Secretary. The revised employment agreements provide that all severance shall be under the terms of the Executive Severance Plan. The amount of severance for
Mr. Bettin remained unchanged from his prior agreement at the greater of the number of full months remaining in his employment term or twelve. Each of Messrs. Goetz and Erstad are eligible for six months of severance prior to a change of
control and twelve months on or after a change of control. 

Under the Executive Severance Plan, change in control is defined to
include a change in control of the type required to be disclosed under Securities and Exchange Commission proxy rules, an acquisition by a person or group of 30% of the outstanding voting stock of the Company, acquisition by a person of stock that
constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the Company, replacement, during any 12 consecutive month period, of a majority of the members of the BUCA Board with members not endorsed by a majority of the BUCA
Board before the date of appointment or election; cause is defined as (1) an act or acts of dishonesty undertaken by the participant and intended to result in material personal gain or enrichment of the participant or others at the
expense of the Company; (2) gross misconduct or gross neglect that is willful or deliberate on the participants part; (3) the conviction of the participant of a felony; (4) the material breach of any terms and conditions of any
written employment, non-disclosure, non-solicitation, non-competition, assignment of inventions or similar agreement between the participant and the Company, or of any material written policy of the Company relating to conflict of interest, business
ethics, insider trading, or discrimination and harassment, which breach has not been cured by the participant within 30 days after written notice thereof to the participant from the Company; or (5) misconduct by the participant that is deemed
by a majority of the BUCA Board to have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, properties, or financial condition of the Company, taken as a whole; and good reason is defined to include a material diminution in
the participants authority, duties or responsibility; a material reduction in the participants base salary; a mandatory relocation to a location more than 50 miles outside the city in which he or she is principally based; or the material
breach by the Company of any written employment or similar agreement pursuant to which the participant provides services to the Company. 

In addition, all of the Companys executive officers hold stock appreciation rights, stock options and restricted stock that would become immediately exercisable upon a change in control. 

In connection with the approval by the BUCA Board of the Offer and the Merger, the Compensation Committee of the BUCA Board approved the foregoing
employment agreements that incorporate the terms of the Executive Severance Plan and certain other employment compensation, severance or other benefits arrangements to shareholders of the Company who are also service providers to the Company for the
purpose of the non-exclusive safe-harbor of Rule 14d-10(d) under the Exchange Act. 

(c)

Merger Consideration 

If the Companys directors and
executive officers were to tender any Shares that they own for purchase pursuant to the Offer, they would receive for those Shares the same cash consideration on the same terms and conditions as the other shareholders of the Company. As of
August 4, 2008, the Companys directors and executive officers owned 1,308,421 Shares in the aggregate (excluding Company Options to purchase 960,248 shares and 203,200 shares of Restricted Stock). If the directors and executive officers
were to tender all of their Shares and Restricted Stock for purchase pursuant to the Offer and those Shares were accepted for purchase and purchased by Purchaser, the directors and executive officers would receive an aggregate of $677,998 in cash,
without interest, less any required withholding taxes. 

(d)

Acceleration of Company Options and Restricted Stock 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, all Company Options (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and all Restricted Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that are outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger, whether
vested or unvested, will vest in full and be cancelled promptly after the consummation of the Merger. In exchange for such cancellation, the holders of such Company Options and Restricted Stock, including the Companys directors and executive
officers, will receive, with respect to each Company Option or Restricted Stock, as applicable, a cash payment (less any applicable withholding taxes and without interest) equal to (1) in the case of a Company Option, the product of
(x) the number of shares subject to such Company Option, and (y) the excess of the merger consideration over the applicable exercise price per share of such Company Option and (2) in the case of Restricted Stock, the Offer Price times
the number of shares of Restricted Stock held by the holder. 

As of August 4, 2008, the Companys directors and executive
officers held in the aggregate Company Options to purchase 960,248 Shares, all of which have exercise prices in excess of the Offer Price. No Company Option held by any of the Companys executive officer or director would result in any merger
consideration. The Companys directors and executive officers hold in the aggregate 203,200 shares of Restricted Stock. Each holder of Restricted Stock who is a director or executive officer will receive the Offer Price multiplied by the number
of shares of Restricted Stock held by the holder. 

(e)

Vesting of Stock Appreciation Units 

Pursuant to the
Merger Agreement, each Stock Appreciation Unit (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that is outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Offer, whether vested or unvested, shall be cancelled. In exchange for such cancellation, each
holder of a cancelled Stock Appreciation Unit, including the Companys executive officers, shall be entitled to receive from the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time, an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the
excess, if any, of (x) the merger consideration over (y) the base price per share of such Stock Appreciation Unit, multiplied by the number of Shares subject to such Stock Appreciation Unit as of consummation of the Offer. 

As of August 4, 2008, the Companys executive officers held 350,000 Stock Appreciation Units, all of which have a base price per share of
$1.00. No Stock Appreciation Unit held by any executive officer would result in any merger consideration. 

(f)

Summary of Payments to Executive Officers and Directors 

The table below sets forth, as of August 4, 2008, the last business day before the Company entered into the Merger Agreement, the amounts payable to the Companys executive officers if the executive officers (1) tendered all
of the Shares that the executive officers own, (2) received remuneration for the cash-out of Restricted Stock at the time of the Merger, and (3) were terminated without cause or terminated their employment for good reason and received
consideration pursuant to the Executive Severance Plans. 

Current Executive Officers

Number of
Shares
Owned

Value of
Shares
Owned

Accelerated Vesting
of Restricted Stock

Potential
Payments
Pursuant
to
Executive
Severance Plan
after
Termination

Total

Number of
Shares to
Restricted
Stock

Value of
Restricted
Stock

John T. Bettin

  

$

  

  

$

450,000

$

450,000

Dennis J. Goetz

4,958

$

2,231

13,700

$

6,165

$

214,200

$

222,596

Richard G. Erstad

  

$

  

49,500

$

22,275

$

204,130

$

226,405

Totals

4,958

$

2,231

63,200

$

28,440

$

868,330

$

899,001

The table below sets forth, as of August 4, 2008, the last business day before the Company
entered into the Merger Agreement, the amounts payable to the Companys non-employee directors if the non-employee directors (1) tendered all of the Shares that the directors own, and (2) received remuneration for the cash-out of
Restricted Stock at the time of the Merger. 

Non-Employee Directors

Number of
Shares
Owned

Value of
Shares
Owned

Cash-Out of Restricted Stock

Total

Restricted
Stock Held

Value of
Restricted
Stock

Wallace B. Doolin

6,686

$

3,009

140,000

$

63,000

$

66,009

Paul J. Zepf

22,874

$

10,293

  

  

$

10,293

Sidney J. Feltenstein

20,000

$

9,000

  

  

$

9,000

John P. Whaley

1,253,903

*

$

564,256

  

  

$

564,256

James T. Stamas

  

  

  

  

  

Fritzi P. Woods

  

  

  

  

  

*

The Shares owned by Mr. Whaley include (1) 14,565 Shares held by Whaley Family LP; (2) 413,232 Shares beneficially owned by Norwest Equity Partners V, L.P.;
(3) 273,000 Shares beneficially owned by Norwest Equity Partners, VI, LP; and (4) 546,000 Shares beneficially owned by Norwest Equity Partners, VII, LP. Mr. Whaley is a managing administrative partner of each of Itasca Partners V,
LLP, the general partner of Norwest Equity Partners V, L.P.; Itasca LBO Partners VI, LLP, the general partner of Norwest Equity Partners VI, LP; and Itasca LBO Partners VII, LLP, the general partner of Norwest Equity Partners VII, LP. By virtue of
his positions with each of these entities, Mr. Whaley may be deemed to beneficially own the Shares held by such entities. 

The foregoing summary is not intended to be complete and such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which has been filed as Exhibit (e)(1) to this Schedule and is incorporated is incorporated in
this Schedule by reference, and the Executive Severance Plan, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2007. 

(f)

Indemnification of Executive Officers and Directors 

Section 521 of the MBCA requires a corporation to provide for indemnification of employees, directors and officers except to the extent limited by the corporations charter documents. The Companys charter documents do not
limit the extent of the indemnification provided for in Section 521. Pursuant to the MBCA and the 

Companys Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (as amended, the Company Charter), directors do not have personal liability to the
Company for monetary damages, except for liability (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders; (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law; (iii) under Section 302A.559 or 80A.76 of the Minnesota Statutes; (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit; or (v) for any act or omission occurring prior to
the date when the provision in the Companys Charter became effective. In addition, the Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended, the Company Bylaws) provide for the indemnification of the Companys officers and directors to
the fullest extent permitted by Section 521 of the MBCA. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, for a period of six years from the
Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to honor and fulfill the indemnification obligations of the Company to the current and former directors, officers (the Covered Persons) and employees under the Company Charter
and Company Bylaws and under the provisions of the MBCA. 

For a period of at least six years after the Effective Time, the Parent shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect either the current policy of directors and officers liability insurance maintained by the Company or a run-off policy or endorsement with respect to the current policy of
directors and officers liability insurance covering claims asserted within 6 years after the Effective Time arising from facts or events that occurred at or before the Effective Time. The Covered Persons are intended third party
beneficiaries of Section 6.5 of the Merger Agreement. 

The Purchaser, its Executive Officers, Directors or Affiliates. 

The following is a discussion of all known material agreements, understandings and any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the
Company and Purchaser or Parent relating to the Offer. There are not other material agreements, understandings and actual or potential conflicts of interest between the Company or its affiliates and the Purchaser.

(a)

The Merger Agreement 

The summary of the Merger Agreement
and the descriptions of the terms and conditions of the Offer and related procedures and withdrawal rights contained in Sections 1, 2, 3, 4 and 11 of the Offer to Purchase are incorporated in this Schedule by reference. The summary and description
are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which has been filed as Exhibit (e)(1) to this Schedule and is incorporated in this Schedule by reference. 

The Merger Agreement governs the contractual rights between the Company, Parent and Purchaser in relation to the Offer and the Merger. The Merger
Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to this Schedule to provide information regarding the terms of the Merger Agreement and is not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about the Company or Parent in the Companys or
Parents public reports filed with the SEC. In particular, the Merger Agreement and this summary of terms are not intended to be, and should not be relied upon as, disclosures regarding any facts or circumstances relating to the Company or
Parent. The representations and warranties have been negotiated with the principal purpose of establishing the circumstances in which Purchaser may have the right not to consummate the Offer, or a party may have the right to terminate the Merger
Agreement, if the representations and warranties of the other party prove to be untrue due to a change in circumstance or otherwise, and allocate risk between the parties, rather than establish matters as facts. The representations and warranties
also may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to shareholders. 

(b)

Appointment of Directors 

The Merger Agreement provides
that upon Purchaser accepting for payment and paying for any Shares tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer (the Acceptance Time), and at all times thereafter, Parent will be entitled to designate a number of the Companys
directors, rounded up to the next whole number on the BUCA Board, equal to the total number of directors on the BUCA Board (after giving effect to the directors appointed as a result of designations by Purchaser pursuant to this sentence) multiplied
by the percentage of Shares beneficially owned by Parent, Purchaser or any of their affiliates relative to the total number of outstanding Shares. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company will take all actions reasonably necessary to
effect the appointment of the Parents director designees to the BUCA Board, each board of directors (or similar body) of each subsidiary of BUCA and each committee (or similar body) of the board of each subsidiary of BUCA. The BUCA Board, upon
Parents request following the Acceptance Time, and at all times thereafter, will cause the number of Parents designees (rounded up to the next whole number) to constitute the same percentage as is on the BUCA Board of each committee of
the BUCA Board to the extent permitted by applicable law and the rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market. Until the Effective Time, the Company also will be required to maintain at least the number of independent directors, as defined by the
Marketplace Rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market, as may be required by the Marketplace Rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market or federal securities laws, at least one of whom must be an audit committee financial expert, as defined in
Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K. The independent directors as of the date of the Merger Agreement who remain on the BUCA Board (together with their successors under certain circumstances) will be Continuing Directors for purposes of
the Merger Agreement and will constitute a committee of the BUCA Board. After Parents designees are elected or appointed to the BUCA Board and until the Effective Time, approval by a majority of the Continuing Directors will be required to
(i) for Company to amend or terminate the Merger Agreement or take any action under Merger Agreement; (ii) to exercise or waive any of the Companys rights, benefits or remedies under the Merger Agreement, or (iii) to amend the
Company Charter or Company Bylaws, in each case if such action adversely affects, or reasonably would be expected to adversely affect, the Companys shareholders, other than Parent or Purchaser. 

The foregoing summary concerning representation on the BUCA Board does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Merger Agreement, which has been filed as Exhibit (e)(1) to this Schedule and is incorporated in this Schedule by reference. 

(c)

The Confidentiality Agreement 

The following summary of
the Confidentiality Agreement, as amended, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined below), which has been filed as Exhibits (e)(3)(A) to this Schedule and is
incorporated in this Schedule by reference. 

In connection with the process leading to the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company
and Bay Harbour Management, L.C. (Bay Harbour), an affiliate of Parent, entered into a Confidentiality Agreement dated as of February 19, 2008, as amended from time to time (the Confidentiality Agreement). The
Confidentiality Agreement is substantially similar to other confidentiality agreements that the Company entered into with other prospective acquirers of the Company. Pursuant to the Confidentiality Agreement, as a condition to being furnished
confidential information by the Company, Bay Harbour agreed that it and Parent would, among other things, (a) use such confidential information solely for the purpose of evaluating a transaction between the Company and Parent and (b) for a
period of eighteen months from the date of the Confidentiality Agreement, not to propose to the Company or any other person any transaction relating to the Companys securities or security holders unless the Company so requested or to acquire,
advise or encourage any other person in acquiring, directly or indirectly, control of the Company or beneficial ownership of two percent or more of any of the Companys securities, businesses or assets (the Standstill Restrictions).
The Standstill Provisions (as well as the comparable provisions of the confidentiality agreements between the Company and other prospective acquirers) terminate upon certain circumstances, including the commencement of, or public 

announcement of an intention to commence, a tender offer to acquire beneficial ownership of more than 50% of the Shares. Parent also agreed not to employ or
solicit for employment certain Company employees, subject to certain exceptions, for a period of eighteen months from the date of the agreement. 

(d)

Financing Agreement and Warrant 

In connection with the
Merger Agreement and the Offer, the Purchaser entered into a credit agreement with the Company (the Credit Agreement) whereby the Purchaser loaned the Company $3,500,000. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company issued to the
Purchaser a warrant representing the right to purchase up to 4,281,775 shares of common stock of the Company. The summary of the Credit Agreement and the warrant contained in Section 11 of the Offer to Purchase are incorporated in this Schedule
by reference. The summary and description of the Credit Agreement and the warrant is qualified in their entirety by reference to the Credit Agreement and the warrant, which have been filed as Exhibits (e)(4) and (e)(5), respectively, to this
Schedule and are incorporated in this Schedule by reference. 

Item 4.

The Solicitation or Recommendation. 

Recommendation. 

The BUCA Board recommends that you accept the Offer and tender your Shares into the Offer. After careful consideration by the BUCA Board,
including a thorough review of the Offer with its outside legal and financial advisors and the Companys senior management, at a meeting held on August 1, 2008, the BUCA Board, among other things, unanimously: 

(i)

authorized the execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement and all of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger;

(ii)

determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer, the Merger, the Credit Agreement and the issuance of the warrant, are advisable
and in the best interests of the Companys shareholders; 

(iii)

approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer, the Merger, the Credit Agreement and the issuance of the warrant, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth therein, and in accordance with the MBCA; and 

(iv)

recommended that the Companys shareholders accept the Offer, tender their Shares into the Offer, approve the Merger and adopt the Merger Agreement. 

In particular, the BUCA Board believes that the Offer offers premium value to the Companys shareholders on an accelerated timetable, and is
likely to be completed. A letter to the Companys shareholders communicating the BUCA Boards recommendation that the shareholders accept the Offer, tender their Shares into the Offer, approve the Merger and adopt the Merger Agreement is
filed herewith as Exhibit (a)(2)(A) and is incorporated in this Schedule by reference in its entirety. 

Background and Reasons for the
Recommendation. 

(a)

Recommendation 

The BUCA Board unanimously recommends that
you accept the Offer, tender your shares to the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer and approve and adopt the Merger Agreement if approval and adoption by the shareholders is required by the MBCA. 

(b)

Background and Reasons for the Recommendation 

Background of the Offer 

In its ongoing effort to enhance shareholder value, in early 2007 the BUCA Board interviewed
several investment banks to help the BUCA Board identify and consider potential restaurant concepts for acquisition by the Company. The BUCA Board decided to look to this brand acquisition strategy rather than focus solely on internal Company growth
because (1) the Buca di Beppo unit sales at such time were at a level that raised concerns about a strategy that relied solely on this brand for continued growth and (2) of the risks and long lead times involved in developing new
restaurant concepts. The BUCA Board believed that a new concept could help the Company with expansion in existing markets, creating greater operations and management efficiencies in these existing markets. In addition, given the strength and depth
of the Companys management team, the BUCA Board believed that the Company had the capacity and ability to offer substantial integration benefits for another growing restaurant concept. While discussed, the Company did not seriously consider at
that time a possible sale or other similar business combination transaction involving the Company. 

After interviewing several investment
banks, the Company retained Piper Jaffray & Co. (Piper Jaffray) in April 2007 to assist it in exploring acquisition possibilities and capital for growth. The related engagement letter with Piper Jaffray was executed on
August 10, 2007. Piper Jaffray contacted a number of acquisition candidates to assess their interest in a transaction with the Company. During this period, the Company executed confidentiality agreements with several parties and performed a
preliminary diligence review with respect to those parties. The BUCA Board had several meetings at which possible acquisitions were discussed with Piper Jaffray and management of the Company. 

At the BUCA Board meeting held on October 5, 2007, the BUCA Board again discussed the Companys acquisition strategy and possible acquisition
candidates. In addition, the BUCA Board discussed with Piper Jaffray the possibility of pursuing other strategic alternatives, including a private sale of Company equity securities to raise additional capital and a sale or other similar business
combination involving the Company. The BUCA Board determined to continue with the acquisition strategy as the best alternative to enhance shareholder value. At the meeting, Faegre & Benson reviewed with the directors their fiduciary duties
under Minnesota law in connection with exploring various strategic alternatives available to the Company. 

While the Company had
preliminary discussions with several parties, none of these possible acquisitions were ultimately pursued by the Company. 

During 2007, the
price of the Companys common stock experienced a significant decline. On January 3, 2007, the closing price per share was $4.96, on September 4, 2007 it was $2.32, and by December 17, 2007, the closing price per share was $0.65
per share. In addition, the Company continued to experience difficulty in meeting the financial covenants under its credit agreement. The Company had been in breach of various financial covenants under its credit agreement for each of the first
three quarters of fiscal 2007 and expected that it also would be in breach for the fourth quarter. The Company entered into amendment and waiver agreements with its lender regarding the credit agreement breaches for each of the first three quarters
of fiscal 2007. These amendments and waivers generally included waiving the breaches, adjusting the covenants and the payment of a waiver fee by the Company. The fees paid escalated during 2007, from $25,000 for the amendment and waiver dated
May 4, 2007 to $75,000 for the amendment and waiver dated November 2, 2007. 

In December 2007, the Company began discussions with
its lender regarding the expected covenant breaches in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 and the anticipated cash availability needs of the Company for 2008. In connection with these discussions, and at the request of its lender, the Company
provided the lender with a revised cash forecast for 2008. Under the revised forecast, the Company projected significant cash needs during the first quarter of fiscal 2008 and the need for amendments to the credit agreement to help the Company meet
its liquidity requirements throughout 2008. From these discussions, the lender insisted that the Company engage a restructuring advisor to review the Companys business plan for 2008. The Company engaged a restructuring 

advisor on December 26, 2007. The advisor conducted a business analysis and review that focused principally on (1) attempting to validate
managements 2008 business plan and turnaround strategy and the working capital projections being furnished to the Companys lender and (2) assist the Company in its relationship with the Companys lender. 

Given these circumstances, at the request of the BUCA Board, on December 20, 2007, Piper Jaffray discussed with the BUCA Board possible strategic
alternatives available to the Company. The alternatives discussed were (1) continuing to run the business substantially as it had in the past, (2) raising additional capital through either an equity offering or debt refinancing,
(3) entering into a sale transaction and (4) pursuing a restructuring of the Company through a voluntary bankruptcy filing. At this meeting, the BUCA Board determined to further explore alternatives, including a possible sale of the
Company, in an effort to maximize shareholder value. The BUCA Board also retained Piper Jaffray as its financial adviser to assist it in exploring the Companys strategic alternatives, subject to negotiation and execution of a mutually
acceptable engagement letter. The Company and Piper Jaffray executed an engagement letter on March 10, 2008. Under the terms of the engagement letter, the Company paid a retainer fee of $75,000 upon execution thereof, currently owes Piper
Jaffray $430,000 for services performed to date under the engagement letter and expects to pay additional fees of $495,000 upon the closing of the Offer (plus reimbursement of expenses, if any). See Item 5 of this Schedule for a discussion of
certain terms of the engagement letter, including of the compensation to be paid to Piper Jaffray. 

On December 21, 2007, we announced
publicly that the BUCA Board had decided to explore strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value, including but not limited to the raising of capital, a recapitalization, and the combination, sale or merger of the Company. 

On January 8, 2008, the Company announced a reduction in workforce eliminating a number of positions at the Companys headquarters. In
addition, the Company began more aggressive discussions with landlords of underperforming restaurants regarding the potential for rent reductions or possible closures.

On January 8, 2008, the Company announced that comparable store sales
for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 decreased 2.4%. 

In January and February 2008, the Company prepared a descriptive memorandum to be
provided to potential acquirers. The memorandum discussed the Company and its operations and financial performance. Concurrently with the preparation of the memorandum, Piper Jaffray and the Company identified potential acquirers to be contacted
about their interest in a transaction with the Company, including both strategic buyers that were participants in, or likely to be interested in entering, the restaurant industry, and financial buyers that would likely view acquiring the Company as
an attractive investment opportunity. Piper Jaffray contacted 125 potential acquirers to ascertain their level of interest in a transaction with a company that had the characteristics of Buca. Of this number, 56 potential acquirers, including Planet
Hollywood, expressed an interest in exploring a transaction with the Company. The Company entered into a confidentiality and standstill agreement with each of the 56 parties, including Bay Harbour, a significant shareholder of and lender to Planet
Hollywood, and provided each of them with a copy of the descriptive memorandum and a letter setting forth bidding instructions and a timeline for submitting preliminary indications of interest in acquiring Buca. 

On February 8, 2008, the Company received notice from NASDAQ stating that because the Companys shares had traded at below $1.00 per share for
a 30-day period, the Companys common stock would be delisted if, after a period of 180 days, the shares had not then met the minimum trading price requirement. On March 10, 2008, the Company and its lender entered into another amendment
and waiver of the credit agreement to address covenant breaches for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 and to reset certain of the financial covenants for subsequent periods. The Company paid a waiver fee of $150,000 to the lender in connection with
the amendment and waiver. On March 11, 2008, the Company reported a net loss of $5.3 million, or ($0.26) per share, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. For the fiscal year 2007, the Company reported a net loss of $16.2 million, or ($0.79) per
share. 

In March 2008, the Company received preliminary, non-binding indications of interest from 11 of the 56
parties that had received the descriptive memorandum, including Planet Hollywood. The preliminary indications of interest contemplated acquisitions of the Company at valuations ranging from $0.10 to $1.50 per Share, with the consideration in each
case to be paid in cash. Planet Hollywood submitted a preliminary indication of interest at $1.30 per Share. On March 26, 2008, the BUCA Board reviewed the preliminary indications of interest that the eleven potential acquirers had submitted
and authorized the Company to invite the seven potential acquirers that indicated interest at the higher levels, including Planet Hollywood, to participate in a due diligence review of the Company. 

Each of the seven potential acquirers that were invited met separately in Minneapolis, Minnesota, with Company management, together with representatives
of Piper Jaffray, and were provided with access to the Companys electronic data room. Following the meetings, the Company requested that each of the seven parties submit a formal acquisition proposal and include in the proposal their comments
on a draft merger agreement provided by the Company. The draft merger agreement contemplated an acquisition structure that provided for an initial cash tender offer followed by a second-step merger. 

Six of the potential acquirers submitted a formal written acquisition proposal in May 2008. One party declined to submit a proposal. These formal
proposals provided for acquisitions of the Company at valuations ranging from $0.22 to $1.20 per Share, with all of the proposals providing for cash consideration. Two of the proposals did not include comments on the draft merger agreement and one
included a financing contingency. The Planet Hollywood proposal contemplated a purchase price of $1.20 per share and proposed that the structure be changed to eliminate the tender offer and utilize a one-step merger structure. In addition, Planet
Hollywoods other comments to the draft merger agreement were extensive and raised serious concerns as to whether an acceptable agreement could be reached with Planet Hollywood. Planet Hollywoods proposal contemplated receiving needed
equity from Bay Harbour and requested exclusivity for 45 days. Most of the other five proposals also requested some period of exclusivity. 

On April 8, 2008, the Company announced that comparative store sales for the first quarter of fiscal 2008 had decreased 2.5% and that revenue had decreased 4.3% from the same period in 2007. 

The BUCA Board met on May 15, 2008 to discuss the six formal written proposals it had received. At this meeting, Faegre & Benson again
discussed with the directors their fiduciary duties under Minnesota law in connection with pursuing a sale transaction. The BUCA Board instructed Piper Jaffray to undertake further discussions with all of the six potential acquirers and to focus on
the top three in an effort to increase the proposed purchase price and to address other issues or concerns with their proposals. In discussions with Planet Hollywood, in addition to price discussions, the focus was on acquisition structure,
emphasizing the Companys preference for a two-step tender offer, addressing the extensive comments to the draft agreement, exploring the financial viability of Planet Hollywood and the level of commitment from Bay Harbour, and the speed with
which Planet Hollywood could complete its remaining diligence. Bay Harbour had strongly indicated that its commitment would only be for the benefit of Planet Hollywood and that the Company would not be able to rely on the commitment or be a
beneficiary thereof. The discussions with the other potential acquirers focused on increasing their proposed purchase prices, eliminating the financing contingency in one of the proposals and understanding and minimizing the time period to complete
diligence and sign a definitive agreement. The BUCA Board did not grant any of the potential acquirers any period of exclusivity. 

Throughout May and June, the Company and Piper Jaffray continued negotiations with the six potential acquirers. After the May 15, 2008 meeting of the BUCA Board, the BUCA Board had another approximately 22 meetings that involved
reports from Piper Jaffray, Faegre & Benson and management regarding the status of the acquisition discussions and the terms proposed, and the BUCA Board provided direction to its advisers regarding the negotiations. On May 21, 2007,
Planet Hollywood provided a revised mark-up of the draft merger agreement that accepted a two-step tender offer structure and otherwise eliminated the comments that caused the most concerns from their earlier draft. In addition, at the request of
Piper Jaffray on the Companys behalf, Planet 

Hollywood provided the Company with certain financial information about Planet Hollywood. However, Bay Harbour continued to insist that the Company not be a
party or beneficiary of its equity commitment to Planet Hollywood. Finally, Planet Hollywood stated that they were unwilling to continue to work on the proposed transaction without a period of exclusivity of approximately 45 days. During this time,
two of the other potential acquirers each increased their proposed purchase price to $1.20 per Share. However, one of these potential acquirers subsequently experienced difficulty in generating the necessary liquidity to complete an acquisition of
the Company, and the other, after performing additional diligence regarding the Company, reduced the proposed purchase price in a transaction to $0.75 per Share and then later to $0.20 per Share. This later reduction by this potential acquirer
reflected, at least in part, the fact that one of the equity participants being relied upon by the party decided to not participate in a transaction. 

Throughout this period of potential transaction discussions, the BUCA Board received reports from management and Piper Jaffray regarding operations, financial results and expectations, and the Companys current
and projected liquidity requirements. The BUCA Board received updates regarding the Companys relationship with its lender and of its growing concerns regarding the ability of the Company to satisfy the covenants under the credit agreement and
to generate the cash needed to fund operations. The lender was very interested in the progress of the Companys sales process with Piper Jaffray and requested frequent status reports. During this time, the Company took steps to conserve cash,
including delaying restaurant lease payments and other payables. In addition, in an effort to raise additional funds for working capital purposes, the Company entered into an agreement in April 2008 for the sale and simultaneous leaseback of the
Companys one remaining owned restaurant location. In discussing the sale-leaseback transaction with the Companys lender and seeking its consent to the transaction, the lender ultimately took the position that it was unwilling to provide
such consent unless a substantial portion of the proceeds were used for the repayment of amounts outstanding under the credit agreement and a resulting permanent reduction in availability under the credit agreement. On May 13, 2008, the Company
and the lender agreed to an amendment and waiver that would permit the sale-leaseback transaction but on terms that restricted the Companys ability to use the cash proceeds. The amendment also waived certain financial covenant breaches under
the credit agreement for the first quarter of fiscal 2008. However, the purchasing party under the sale-leaseback agreement terminated the agreement, as permitted under its terms, on June 10, 2008. Without the proceeds from the sale-leaseback,
management and the BUCA Board discussed the serious liquidity conditions facing the Company, particularly in the short-term. Based upon cash forecasts, management discussed with the BUCA Board the likelihood that without additional financing or
consummation of a transaction, the Company would not be able to meet working capital needs in early August 2008. In addition, the BUCA Board discussed with Piper Jaffray the possibility of pursuing a bankruptcy filing as an alternative to addressing
the Companys pressing liquidity issues. 

With the termination of the sale-leaseback and without an imminent sale transaction, the
BUCA Board instructed Piper Jaffray to contact parties that might be willing to provide bridge financing to the Company and to discuss the possibility of such financing with the Companys lender. One of the potential acquirers other than Planet
Hollywood expressed interest in providing bridge financing to the Company. However, the terms proposed were not acceptable. In addition, Piper Jaffray contacted a number of potential parties regarding their interest in providing bridge financing to
the Company. The Companys lender informed the Company that it was unlikely that it would consent to any bridge financing that was not done with and in conjunction with the execution of a merger agreement. In addition, in response to the
Companys request for additional availability under the credit agreement, the Companys lender informed the Company in early July 2008 that it was willing to increase such availability but only in an amount of $600,000, and only through
July 29, 2008. In addition, the Companys lender requested immediate payment of a $100,000 fee in connection with the amendment and required that the Company engage a restructuring consultant on or before July 9, 2008. These terms
were not acceptable to the Company, and the Company and the lender did not enter into the proposed amendment. 

In late June, Piper Jaffray
had discussions once again with all of the six potential acquirers to assess their current interest in a transaction with the Company. From these discussions, and of those parties that continued to have a significant interest and expressed an
ability to then finance an acquisition, Planet Hollywood expressed a 

continuing interest with the highest valuation at $0.70 per Share. One of the six parties, while remaining interested, informed the Company that it was
beginning a process of trying to raise needed equity from a number of sources. This party had not reduced its initial indication from $1.20 per Share, but had not done any significant diligence regarding the Company for several weeks, and the BUCA
Board, after discussion with Piper Jaffray, did not have any real confidence that the party would be able to achieve such financing, let alone on a time schedule that worked for the Company. In addition, Planet Hollywood had significantly reduced
the time it expected to need to complete diligence and be in a position to finalize a transaction. Based on these discussions, the BUCA Board authorized entering into an exclusivity agreement with Planet Hollywood that provided Planet Hollywood with
an initial 10 business days of exclusivity, but with a possible extension until the termination of the agreement provided that Planet Hollywood was then diligently working toward the execution of definitive agreements. The terms of the exclusivity
agreement did permit the Company to continue to seek and enter into discussions regarding bridge financing with other parties. The exclusivity agreement was terminable by either party if a definitive merger agreement had not been executed within 20
business days after the date of the exclusivity letter. 

Representatives of Planet Hollywood came to the offices of the Company in
Minneapolis, Minnesota, on Monday, June 30, 2008 and remained there through Wednesday, July 2, 2008 to conduct additional business and legal diligence. Planet Hollywood also had discussions with management, together with representatives of
Piper Jaffray, on July 8 and 9, 2008 in Las Vegas, Nevada. In addition, the Companys outside legal counsel, Faegre & Benson, discussed the draft merger agreement with legal counsel for Planet Hollywood. 

On July 6, 2008, Piper Jaffray requested that Planet Hollywood provide bridge financing to the Company. On July 7, 2008, Planet Hollywood
informed Piper Jaffray that they would be willing to provide bridge financing on terms acceptable to Planet Hollywood and that Planet Hollywood would provide the Company with a proposal. On July 9, 2008, Planet Hollywood informed the Company
that it was willing to proceed with a transaction at $0.65 per share. In addition, at the Companys request, on July 9, 2008, Planet Hollywood provided the Company with a draft term sheet summarizing the terms on which Planet Hollywood
contemplated providing bridge financing to the Company. The terms contemplated a revolving bridge loan of up to $4 million, with an interest rate of 15%, together with a warrant entitling Planet Hollywood to purchase shares of common stock of the
Company in an amount equal to 20% of the number of outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis and with an exercise of $.01 per share. It also required several modifications to the agreement with the Companys senior lender. The Company later
received drafts of such bridge loan documentation and the warrant. 

On July 14, 2008, the Company provided Planet Hollywood with
comparable store sales information for the June 2008 financial reporting period and the first two weeks of the July financial reporting period. Comparable store sales in for the June period were down 6.5% and for the first two weeks of the July
period were down 14.2%, each as compared to the same periods in fiscal 2007. Planet Hollywood expressed significant concern over these results. Planet Hollywood requested additional financial information and stated that it was not willing to proceed
until it had time to further analyze the results to see if sales stabilized. Planet Hollywood did not define the period that it needed prior to making any decisions regarding a transaction. 

On July 17, 2008, the BUCA Board met and discussed the current status of discussions with Planet Hollywood. In addition, management provided an
update on the Companys significant liquidity issues, expectations and risks to sales in the next few weeks, and the increasing concerns being raised by the Companys lender. The BUCA Board instructed Piper Jaffray to discuss with Planet
Hollywood the need to proceed promptly with a transaction without delay. In addition, the BUCA Board instructed Piper Jaffray and management to discuss the possibility of obtaining financing, whether in connection with a bankruptcy filing or not,
from its lender if the Company was unable to reach an agreement with Planet Hollywood on the merger and the needed bridge financing on a timetable that permitted the Company to meet its payment obligations to vendors, employees and others.

Piper Jaffray had discussions with Planet Hollywood and Bay Harbour on July 17 and 18, 2008. On July 18, 2008, Planet Hollywood
stated that it was willing to proceed promptly, subject to completion of documentation 

(including the bridge financing and proposed amendments to the Companys credit agreement) at a price per share of $0.45. In response, the BUCA Board
advised Piper Jaffray to respond to Planet Hollywood by requesting they proceed promptly with the proposed transaction, including accelerating discussions with the Companys lender regarding the bridge financing and any necessary intercreditor
terms. The BUCA Board also instructed Piper Jaffray to request a $0.50 per Share purchase price. On July 22, 2008, Piper Jaffray requested a $0.50 per Share purchase price from Planet Hollywood. At that time, Planet Hollywood informed Piper
Jaffray that due to the financial risks to Planet Hollywood caused by the changes in the bridge loan term sheet required by the lender, $0.45 per Share was the maximum price that Planet Hollywood was willing to pay. 

The Companys representatives continued to work on documents with representatives of Planet Hollywood and Planet Hollywood continued discussions
with the Companys lender. Drafts were exchanged and negotiated of the proposed bridge financing, including drafts of the warrant Planet Hollywood was requiring as part of the bridge financing, and of an amendment to the Companys credit
agreement that waived certain financial covenant breaches and provided the terms for the continuation of the lending relationship between the lender and the Company through a closing of the proposed merger. 

On August 1, 2008, the BUCA Board met again. Members of the Companys management, Piper Jaffray and Faegre & Benson updated the BUCA
Board on the status of negotiations with Planet Hollywood, including the proposed resolution of the remaining issues regarding the Merger Agreement. Faegre & Benson reviewed with the BUCA Board its fiduciary duties in connection with such a
transaction as well as the other provisions of the most recent draft of the Merger Agreement that had previously been distributed to the members of the BUCA Board. Management and Piper Jaffray discussed with the BUCA Board the terms of the proposed
bridge financing, including the issuance of the warrants in connection with the financing, and the terms of the proposed amendment to the Companys credit agreement. Piper Jaffray made a presentation to the BUCA Board describing the financial
aspects of the proposed transaction and rendered to the BUCA Board its oral opinion (which opinion was subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated August 1, 2008) that the $0.45 per Share cash consideration to be received by
the holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer and the Merger, is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders of Company Common Stock as of the date of its opinion. At the meeting, the BUCA Board appointed a Special Committee,
consisting of all independent directors on the BUCA Board for purposes of Section 302A.673 of the MBCA. The Special Committee was given the authority to, among other things, evaluate and consider the proposal from Planet Hollywood and recommend
to the full BUCA Board the advisability of the Merger and other transactions. The BUCA Board then recessed to give the Compensation Committee and the Special Committee an opportunity to meet separately with representatives of Piper Jaffray and
Faegre & Benson. Mr. Doolin and Mr. Bettin, the two members of the BUCA Board who were not members of the Special Committee, left the meeting. 

A meeting of the Compensation Committee of the BUCA Board was convened to review and consider the effect of the proposed transaction on various equity incentive arrangements of the Company. The Compensation Committee
reviewed the actions it previously had taken regarding certain agreements in place between the Company and certain of its employees, including the previous restricted stock grants, approved certain employment compensation, severance and other
employee benefit arrangements that previously had been approved and implemented, subject to the approval of the Special Committee of the proposed transaction with Planet Hollywood. Following these actions, the Compensation Committee meeting was
adjourned. 

A meeting of the Special Committee followed, and at that meeting the Special Committee members reviewed, with the assistance of
representatives of Piper Jaffray and Faegre & Benson, the terms of the Merger Agreement and the bridge financing and the financial analysis discussed during the meeting of the full BUCA Board. After this discussion and questions by members
of the Special Committee to representatives of Faegre & Benson and Piper Jaffray, the Special Committee unanimously adopted resolutions stating that the transactions contemplated by the Offer, the Top-Up Option, the Merger Agreement, the
Merger, the bridge financing and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were fair and advisable and in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders, approving the Offer, the Top-Up Option, the Merger Agreement, the
Merger and 

the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the bridge financing agreement, including the warrant, and recommending that the BUCA Board
approve the same. Following these actions, the Special Committee meeting was adjourned. 

Following the adjournment of the Special Committee
meeting, the full BUCA Board reconvened. The Special Committee reported to the BUCA Board that it had approved the Offer, the Top-Up Option, the Merger Agreement, the Merger, the bridge financing and the other transaction contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, the bridge financing agreement, including the warrant, and the 14th amendment to the credit agreement, and that the Special Committee recommended that the BUCA Board approve such agreements and transactions. The actions of the
Compensation Committee with respect to various compensation-related matters also were reported to the BUCA Board. Following further discussion among the members of the BUCA Board, the BUCA Board unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, authorized
the execution, delivery and performance of, and declared advisable, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer, the Top-Up Option, the bridge financing, including the warrant, and the Merger, and resolved to
recommend that the shareholders accept the Offer, tender their Shares into the Offer, approve the Merger and adopt the Merger Agreement. Following this approval, the BUCA Board directed management and the Companys advisors to finalize the
Merger Agreement and directed management to execute the Merger Agreement on behalf of the Company. The BUCA Board then adjourned its meeting. 

Following the completion of the BUCA Board meeting, representatives of Planet Hollywood and its legal advisors and the Company and its legal advisors finalized the terms of the definitive Merger Agreement, the bridge financing agreement and
the 14th amendment to the credit agreement. 

A public announcement concerning the execution of the definitive Merger Agreement was made
shortly after the signing of the agreement on August 5, 2008. 

Reasons for the Recommendation 

At a special meeting of the BUCA Board on August 1, 2008, the BUCA Board approved the Merger Agreement, and determined to recommend the transactions
contemplated in the Merger Agreement (that is, the Offer and the Merger) to the Companys shareholders. In evaluating the Offer and the Merger, the BUCA Board consulted with the Companys senior management and legal and financial advisors
and, in reaching its decision to recommend that the Companys shareholders accept the Offer, tender their Shares to Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, approve the Merger and adopt the Merger Agreement, if approval of the Merger and adoption by
the Companys shareholders is required by applicable law in order to consummate the Merger, the BUCA Board considered a number of factors, including the following: 



the significant liquidity issues facing the Company, the Companys repeated defaults under its credit agreement and the inability of the Company to receive
from its lender the accommodations necessary for the Company to continue as an independent company, the fact that Piper Jaffray pursued numerous alternative sources of financing, all of which were unsuccessful, and the risk of the effect of a
bankruptcy filing or liquidation on shareholder value; 



the Merger will provide BUCA shareholders a premium for their shares compared to the market price of our Common Stock, as set forth in the analysis of Piper
Jaffray; 



the BUCA Boards belief, after considering the possible alternatives to the Merger, the auction process conducted by Piper Jaffray that canvassed the market of
the most likely prospective purchasers and the bidding process between Planet Hollywood and other bidders, that no other buyer would be likely to provide a superior value to the shareholders; 



Planet Hollywoods provision of bridge financing, which satisfied the Companys immediate liquidity and working capital needs;



the increasingly difficult economic environment in which the Company operates, including increasing fuel and commodity costs and decreasing consumer confidence,
which have contributed to poor financial performance by the Company; 



the presentations of Piper Jaffray at various board meetings and its final presentation at the August 1, 2008 meeting, including the opinion of Piper Jaffray
as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be paid to the holders of the Companys Common Stock; 



the BUCA Boards knowledge of the Companys business, operations, assets, financial condition, operating results and prospects, which the BUCA Board
considered in light of the premium offered under the terms of the Merger Agreement; 



the limitations the Company suffered and could likely continue to suffer as a public company, including its limited trading volume and diminished research attention
from analysts, all of which adversely affect the trading market and the value of the Companys Common Stock; 



the possible delisting of the Company by NASDAQ due to the Companys failure to comply with NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4450(a)(5), which requires the bid price of
the Companys Common Stock to be above the minimum $1.00 per share required for continued listing; 



as discussed in this proxy statement under Dissenters Rights, the fact that Minnesota law entitles the Companys shareholders who do not vote
in favor of the Merger and who file a written objection with the Company to obtain the fair value of their shares, as determined by a court, if the Merger is completed; 



the fact that the consideration to be received by the Companys shareholders in the transaction will consist entirely of cash and that the consideration was
determined through arms length negotiations between the Company and Planet Hollywood; 



the benefits to the Companys employees from Planet Hollywoods covenant contained in the Merger Agreement to provide current employees who continue to be
employees of the Company after the merger with certain employee benefits no less favorable than those provided to similarly situated employees of Planet Hollywood for at least through December 31, 2008; 



the fact that the Merger Agreement, which prohibits the Company and its directors, employees, representatives and agents from initiating or soliciting any inquiries
or the making of any proposal or offer with respect to an acquisition proposal, engaging in negotiations concerning an acquisition proposal, and providing any confidential information or data to any person relating to an acquisition proposal, does
permit the Company to furnish information to, or to participate in discussions and negotiations with, any person or entity that makes an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to modify or withdraw its recommendation of the merger or recommend an
alternative acquisition proposal and terminate the Merger Agreement, if the board determines after consultation with its legal and financial advisers that to do otherwise would constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to shareholders under
applicable law; although, as described above, the BUCA Board did not believe that a superior third-party proposal would be made; 



the conditions to the closing of the Offer and the Merger, including the fact that the obligations of Planet Hollywood under the Merger Agreement are not subject to
a financing condition; and 



the BUCA Boards concern that the debt markets could deteriorate further in the future, with the effect that the per-share price offered to the Companys
shareholders in the transaction may not be available in the foreseeable future. 

The BUCA Board also considered a variety
of risks and other potentially negative factors concerning the Offer and the Merger. These included the following: 



the Companys only recourse in the event of a wrongful termination or material breach of the Merger Agreement is against Planet Hollywood, a company without
significant liquid assets; 



that the cash consideration to be received by a shareholder will generally be taxable to the shareholder in an amount equal to the excess of $0.45 over the
shareholders tax basis in his or her shares of the Companys Common Stock; 



the potential conflicts of interest of the Companys management, including accelerated vesting of restricted stock grants and the potential payments under the
Executive Severance Plan; 



following the Merger, the Companys shareholders will cease to participate in any future earnings growth of the Company or benefit from any increase in the
value of the Company; 



the fact that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, without Planet Hollywoods consent, the Company must generally conduct our business in the ordinary course and
the fact that the Company is subject to a variety of other restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to completion of the Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement, which may restrict the Companys ability to conduct business or
preclude actions that would be advisable if the Company were to remain an independent company; 



the common stock warrants provided to Purchaser in connection with the bridge financing, if exercised, would cause substantial dilution to the Companys
current shareholders; 



the common stock warrants and the bridge loan could present additional obstacles to any party seeking to propose a superior proposal under the terms of the Merger
Agreement; and 



under the terms of the bridge loan, upon a termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, the Company will be required to prepay the bridge loan
in full, together with an additional amount, as liquidated damages, equal to 30% of the principal balance of the loan at the time of such termination; such payments, if required to be made upon a termination of the Merger Agreement, would have a
significant adverse impact on the Companys liquidity. 

(c)

Intent to Tender 

To the best of the Companys
knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, all of the Companys executive officers, directors and affiliates currently intend to tender or cause to be tendered all Shares held of record or beneficially owned by them pursuant to the Offer and, if
necessary, to vote such shares in favor of the Merger. The foregoing does not include any Shares over which, or with respect to which, any such executive officer, director or affiliate acts in a fiduciary or representative capacity or is subject to
the instructions of a third party with respect to such tender. 

Item 5.

Person/Assets, Retained, Employed, Compensated or Used. 

The Company engaged Piper Jaffray to act as its financial advisor and, if requested, to render to the BUCA Board an opinion as to fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Shares of the consideration to be paid in a merger
or other acquisition transaction. 

The full text of Piper Jaffrays written opinion, dated August 1, 2008, which sets forth,
among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations of the scope of review undertaken by Piper Jaffray in rendering its opinion, is attached as Annex II and is incorporated in its entirety herein by
reference. You are urged to, and should, carefully read the Piper Jaffray opinion in its entirety. The Piper Jaffray opinion addressed only the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date of the opinion, to holders of Shares of $0.45
per share in cash to be paid in the Offer and the Merger. The Piper Jaffray opinion was directed to the BUCA Board and was not intended to be, and does not constitute, advice or a recommendation to any shareholder as to whether or not such
shareholder should tender Shares pursuant to the Offer or how such shareholder should vote or act with respect to the Merger or any other matter. Piper Jaffray was not requested to opine as to, and Piper Jaffrays opinion does not address, the
business decision to proceed with or effect the Offer and the Merger or the merits of the Offer and the Merger relative to any alternative business strategy or transaction that may be available to the Company. 

In connection with rendering the opinion described above and performing its related financial analyses,
Piper Jaffray, among other things: 



reviewed and analyzed the financial terms of a draft of the Merger Agreement dated July 30, 2008; 



reviewed and analyzed certain financial and other data with respect to the Company which was publicly available; 



reviewed and analyzed certain information, including financial forecasts, relating to the business, earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of the
Company that were furnished to Piper Jaffray by the Company; 



conducted discussion with members of senior management and representatives of the Company concerning financial and other data with respect to the Company which was
publicly available and certain information, including financial forecasts, relating to the business, earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of the Company that were furnished to Piper Jaffray by the Company;



reviewed the current and historical reported prices and trading activity of Company Common Stock and similar information for certain other companies deemed by Piper
Jaffray to be comparable to the Company; 



compared the financial performance of the Company with that of certain other publicly-traded companies that Piper Jaffray deemed relevant;



reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of certain business combination transactions that Piper Jaffray deemed relevant; and



reviewed the premiums paid, to the extent publicly available, of certain business combination transactions that Piper Jaffray deemed relevant.

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by Piper Jaffray in connection with the
preparation of its fairness opinion, which opinion was reviewed with the BUCA Board at a meeting held on August 1, 2008 and formally delivered in writing later that day. The preparation of analyses and a fairness opinion is a complex analytic
process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, this summary does not purport to be a complete
description of the analyses performed by Piper Jaffray or its presentation to the BUCA Board on August 1, 2008. 

This summary includes
information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses presented by Piper Jaffray, the tables must be read together with the text of each analysis summary and considered as a whole. The tables alone do not
constitute a complete summary of the financial analyses. Considering any portion of such analyses and of the factors considered, without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying
Piper Jaffrays opinion. The order in which these analyses are presented below, and the results of those analyses, should not be taken as any indication of the relative importance or weight given to these analyses by Piper Jaffray or the BUCA
Board. Except as otherwise noted, the following quantitative information, to the extent that it is based on market data, is based on market data as it existed on or before July 31, 2008, and is not necessarily indicative of current market
conditions. 

Selected Publicly Traded Companies Analysis. 

Piper Jaffray reviewed certain financial data, ratios and valuation multiples for the Company and compared them to corresponding financial data, ratios
and valuation multiples for certain publicly traded companies operating in the restaurant industry sector which Piper Jaffray believed were similar to the Companys business and financial profile. Piper Jaffray selected companies based on
information obtained by searching SEC filings, 

public company disclosures, press releases, industry and popular press reports, databases and other sources and by applying the following criteria: casual
dining restaurant companies that primarily operate company-owned restaurants. 

Based on such criteria, Piper Jaffray identified and
analyzed the following sixteen selected companies: 



Benihana Inc., 



BJs Restaurants Inc., 



Buffalo Wild Wings Inc., 



California Pizza Kitchen Inc., 



The Cheesecake Factory Incorporated, 



Darden Restaurants Inc., 



Famous Daves of America Inc., 



Granite City Food & Brewery Ltd., 



J. Alexanders Corp., 



Kona Grill Inc., 



OCharleys Inc., 



PF Changs China Bistro Inc., 



Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Inc., 



Ruby Tuesday, Inc., 



Steak n Shake Co. and 



Texas Roadhouse Inc. 

Piper Jaffray
compared valuation multiples for the Company derived from its aggregate enterprise value based on the Offer Price to be paid in the Offer and the Merger, on the one hand, to valuation multiples for the selected companies derived from their market
valuation and actual revenue and earnings data, on the other hand: 

BUCA, Inc.

Selected Publicly Traded Companies

7/31/2008
Closing
Price

Transaction
Price
(1)

Minimum

1st Quartile

Mean

Median

3rd Quartile

Maximum

Enterprise value as a multiple of last twelve months revenue
(2)

0.1x

0.1x

0.4x

0.5x

0.7x

0.7x

0.9x

1.5x

Enterprise value as a multiple of last twelve months EBITDA
(2)(3)

7.1x

8.0x

3.9x

5.2x

6.3x

5.9x

7.2x

10.9x

Price as a multiple of last twelve months earnings per share

NM

NM

8.6x

13.5x

17.2x

15.0x

22.3x

27.2x

(1)

Based on $0.45 per share. 

(2)

Last twelve months for the Company is as of June 29, 2008 and for the selected companies is based on the most recent publicly reported twelve month period prior to
July 31, 2008. 

(3)

EBITDA refers to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. 

Piper Jaffray, among other things, calculated the ratio of enterprise value to revenue for each of the selected companies
for the last twelve months to obtain a range of valuation multiples. Piper Jaffray also calculated the enterprise value to EBITDA ratio for each of the selected companies for the last twelve months to obtain a range of valuation multiples. Piper
Jaffray also calculated the price-to-earnings ratio for each of the selected companies for the last twelve months to obtain a range of valuation multiples. 

Selected M&A Transaction Analysis. 

Piper Jaffray reviewed transactions involving target
companies that it deemed comparable to the Company. Piper Jaffray selected companies based on information obtained by searching SEC filings, public company disclosures, press releases, industry and popular press reports, databases and other sources
and by applying the following criteria: 



casual dining restaurant companies that primarily operate company-owned restaurants; and 



transactions that were announced between January 1, 2004 and the date of Piper Jaffrays opinion. 

Based on these criteria, Piper Jaffray identified the following 13 transactions: 

Date Announced

Acquiror

Target

April 28, 2008

G&R Acquisition, Inc.

Max & Ermas Restaurants, Inc.

July 5, 2007

Fox & Hound Restaurant Group

Champps Entertainment, Inc.

June 18, 2007

Sun Capital Partners, Inc.

Friendly Ice Cream Corp.

November 6, 2006

Bain Capital LLC / Catterton Partners

OSI Restaurant Partners, LLC

August 18, 2006

Sun Capital Partners, Inc.

Real Mex Restaurants, Inc.

August 18, 2006

Lone Star Funds

Lone Star Steakhouse & Saloon, Inc.

July 25, 2006

Buffets, Inc.

Ryans Restaurant Group, Inc.

May 19, 2006

The Briad Group

Main Street Restaurant Group, Inc.

December 12, 2005

Newcastle Partners LP / Steel Partners LLC

Fox & Hound Restaurant Group

December 8, 2005

Wellspring Capital Management LLC

Dave & Busters Inc.

September 6, 2005

Castle Harlan Inc.

The Restaurant Co. (Perkins Restaurant & Bakery)

January 11, 2005

Centre Partners Management LLC

Uno Restaurant Holdings Corp.

June 14, 2004

Bob Evans Farms

SWH Corporation (Mimis Caf)

Piper Jaffray calculated the enterprise value to revenue for the last twelve months preceding each
transaction and enterprise value to EBITDA for the last twelve months preceding each transaction. Piper Jaffray then compared the results of these calculations with similar calculations for the Offer and the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement. The analysis indicated the following multiples: 

Selected Precedent Transactions

BUCA. Inc.
(1)

Minimum

1st Quartile

Mean

Median

3rd Quartile

Maximum

Enterprise value as a multiple of last twelve months revenue
(2)

0.1x

0.3x

0.6x

0.7x

0.7x

0.8x

1.1x

Enterprise value as a multiple of last twelve months EBITDA
(2)

8.0x

5.6x

6.3x

8.0x

7.9x

8.7x

12.3x

(1)

Based on $0.45 per share. 

(2)

Revenue and EBITDA for the last twelve months for the Company is as of June 29, 2008. Revenue and EBITDA for the last twelve months for the selected companies is based on the
most recent publicly reported twelve month period preceding each transaction. EBITDA refers to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. 

A comparable M&A transaction analysis generates an implied value of a company based on publicly
available financial terms of selected change of control transactions involving companies that share certain characteristics with the company being valued. However, no company or transaction utilized in the comparable transaction analysis is
identical to the Company or the Offer and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Premium Paid Analysis. 

Piper Jaffray reviewed publicly available information for selected completed or pending merger or buyout transactions to determine the premiums (or
discounts) paid in the transactions over recent trading prices of the target companies prior to the date of the Piper Jaffray opinion. Piper Jaffray selected one set of these transactions, which we refer to in the table below as the Restaurant
Transactions, by searching SEC filings, public company disclosures, press releases, industry and popular press reports, databases and other sources and by applying the following criteria: 



transactions in which the target company was a publicly traded company operating in the restaurant industry; and 



transactions announced between January 1, 2004 and July 31, 2008. 

Piper Jaffray selected another set of these transactions, which we refer to in the table below as the Broad Transactions, by searching SEC filings,
public company disclosures, press releases, industry and popular press reports, databases and other sources and by applying the following criteria: 



transactions in which the target company was a publicly traded company, other than those companies operating in the healthcare, technology, telecommunications and
financial industries; 



transactions in which the target company had an enterprise value between $25 million and $100 million; and 



transactions announced from January 1, 2004 through July 31, 2008. 

Piper Jaffray performed its analysis on 17 transactions that satisfied the first set of criteria set forth above in which the target was a publicly
traded company operating in the restaurant industry and the 51 transactions that satisfied the broader set of criteria set forth above, and the table below shows a comparison of premiums (or discounts) paid in these transactions to the premium that
would be paid to the Companys shareholders based on the $0.45 per share offer price payable in the Offer and the Merger: 

Premium Over Closing Price

BUCA, Inc.
Offer
Premium

Minimum

1st Quartile

Mean

Median

3rd
Quartile

Maximum

Restaurant Transactions

One day before date of opinion
(1)

55.2

%

-17.6

%

5.8

%

27.5

%

23.3

%

42.3

%

116.1

%

One week before date of opinion
(2)

40.6

%

-14.5

%

13.6

%

29.5

%

26.2

%

39.7

%

111.8

%

Four weeks before date of opinion
(3)

18.4

%

-16.4

%

12.0

%

29.3

%

25.4

%

42.2

%

100.3

%

Broad Transactions

One day before date of opinion
(1)

55.2

%

-28.8

%

10.7

%

33.0

%

23.5

%

40.3

%

214.8

%

One week before date of opinion
(2)

40.6

%

-28.8

%

10.1

%

34.9

%

26.2

%

40.9

%

214.8

%

Four weeks before date of opinion
(3)

18.4

%

-16.4

%

12.8

%

39.4

%

30.1

%

48.0

%

214.8

%

(1)

Companys premium based on closing price of $0.29 on July 31, 2008. 

(2)

Companys premium based on closing price of $0.32 on July 24, 2008. 

(3)

Companys premium based on closing price of $0.38 on July 3, 2008. 

Miscellaneous. 

The summary set forth above does not contain a complete description of the analyses performed by Piper Jaffray, but does summarize the material analyses performed by Piper Jaffray in rendering its opinion. The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Piper Jaffray believes that its analyses and the summary set forth above must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of its analyses or of the summary, without considering the analyses as a whole or all of the factors included in its analyses, would create an incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses set forth in the Piper Jaffray
opinion. In arriving at its opinion, Piper Jaffray considered the results of all of its analyses and did not attribute any particular weight to any factor or analysis. Instead, Piper Jaffray made its determination as to fairness on the basis of its
experience and financial judgment after considering the results of all of its analyses. The fact that any specific analysis has been referred to in the summary above is not meant to indicate that this analysis was given greater weight than any other
analysis. No company or transaction used in the above analyses as a comparison is directly comparable to the Company or the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

A discounted cash flow analysis is a traditional valuation methodology used to derive a valuation of an asset by calculating the present
value of estimated future cash flows of the asset. Present value refers to the current value of future cash flows or amounts and is obtained by discounting those future cash flows or amounts by a discount rate that takes into
account macro-economic assumptions and estimates of risk, the opportunity cost of capital, expected returns and other appropriate factors. Due to the Companys financial condition and lack of liquidity at the time Piper Jaffray delivered its
opinion, the projections provided by Company management to Piper Jaffray, which were not otherwise publicly available, were only achievable pursuant to a recapitalization transaction that would be significantly dilutive to the Companys equity
holders. Moreover, these projections did not take any such dilution into account. As a result, these projections did not provide a basis on which Piper Jaffray could produce a meaningful discounted cash flow analysis. Accordingly, Piper Jaffray did
not include a discounted cash flow analysis in the valuation analysis of the Company described above. 

Piper Jaffray performed its analyses
solely for purposes of providing its opinion to the BUCA Board. In performing its analyses, Piper Jaffray made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters. 

Piper Jaffrays opinion was one of many factors taken into consideration by the BUCA Board in making the determination to approve the Merger
Agreement and recommend that the shareholders tender their Shares in connection with the Offer. The above summary does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by Piper Jaffray in connection with the opinion and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the written opinion of Piper Jaffray attached as Annex II hereto. 

Piper Jaffray has relied upon
and assumed, without assuming liability or responsibility for independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information that was publicly available or was furnished, or otherwise made available, to it or discussed with or reviewed
by or for it. Piper Jaffray has further relied upon the assurances of the management of the Company that the financial information provided has been prepared on a reasonable basis in accordance with industry practice and that they are not aware of
any information or facts that would make any information provided to Piper Jaffray incomplete or misleading. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, for the purpose of its opinion, Piper Jaffray has assumed that with respect to financial
forecasts, estimates and other forward-looking information reviewed by it, that such information has been reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of the Company as to
the expected future results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Piper Jaffray expresses no opinion as to any such financial forecasts, estimates or forward-looking information or the assumptions on which they were based. With the
consent of the Company, Piper Jaffray has relied on advice of the outside counsel and the independent accountants to the Company, and on the assumptions of the management of the Company, as to all accounting, legal, tax and financial reporting
matters with respect to the Company and the Merger Agreement. 

Piper Jaffray assumed that the Offer and the Merger would be completed on the terms set forth in the
draft of the Merger Agreement reviewed by Piper Jaffray, without amendments and with satisfaction of all covenants and conditions without any waiver. Piper Jaffray assumed that all the necessary regulatory approvals and consents required for the
Offer and the Merger will be obtained in a manner that will not adversely affect the Company or the contemplated benefits of the Offer and the Merger. 

Piper Jaffray did not perform any appraisals or valuations of specific assets or liabilities of the Company and has not evaluated the solvency of the Company. Piper Jaffray expresses no opinion regarding the
liquidation value of the Company or any other entity. Piper Jaffray did not undertake any independent analysis of any pending or threatened litigation, regulatory action, possible unasserted claims or other contingent liabilities, to which the
Company, or any of its respective affiliates, is a party or may be subject. At the direction of the Company, and with its consent, Piper Jaffrays opinion made no assumption concerning, and therefore did not consider, the possible assertions of
claims, or the outcomes or damages arising out of any such matters. 

Piper Jaffrays opinion was necessarily based on the information
available to it and the facts and circumstances as they existed and were subject to evaluation as of the date of the opinion. Events occurring after the date of the opinion could materially affect the assumptions used by Piper Jaffray in preparing
its opinion. Piper Jaffray expresses no opinion as to the prices at which Shares may trade following announcement of the transaction or at any future time. Piper Jaffray has not undertaken to reaffirm or revise its opinion or otherwise comment upon
any events occurring after the date of its opinion and does not have any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion. 

Piper
Jaffray was not requested to opine as to, and the opinion does not address, the basic business decision to proceed with or effect the Offer or the Merger, the merits of the transaction compared to any alternative business strategy or transaction
that may be available to the Company, Planet Hollywoods or Purchasers ability to fund the consideration, any other terms contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the fairness of the amount or nature of the compensation to the
Companys officer, directors or employees, or any class of such persons, relative to the consideration to be received by holders of the Shares. Piper Jaffrays opinion does not address the fairness or merits of the secured term loan
agreement entered into by and between Planet Hollywood and the Company. 

Piper Jaffray is a nationally recognized investment banking firm
and is regularly engaged as a financial advisor in connection with mergers and acquisitions, underwritings and secondary distributions of securities and private placements. The BUCA Board selected Piper Jaffray to render its fairness opinion in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement on the basis of its experience and reputation in acting as a financial advisor in connection with mergers and acquisitions. 

Piper Jaffray acted as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the Offer and the Merger and will receive an estimated fee of approximately
$1,000,000 from the Company, which is contingent upon the consummation of the Offer. Piper Jaffray also received a non-refundable retainer in the amount of $75,000 and is owed fees of $325,000 from the Company for providing its opinion and $105,000
in connection with the Companys receipt of the bridge financing, all of which will be credited against the fee for financial advisory services. The opinion fee was not contingent upon the consummation of the Offer or the Merger. The Company
has also agreed to indemnify Piper Jaffray against certain liabilities and to reimburse it for certain expenses in connection with its services. Piper Jaffray has in the past provided financial advice and investment banking services to the Company
and may continue to do so and has received and may receive, fees for rendering such services. In the ordinary course of its business, Piper Jaffray and its affiliates may actively trade securities of the Company and Planet Hollywood for its own
account or the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, Piper Jaffray may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities. Piper Jaffray may also in the future provide investment banking services and financial advisory services to
the Company, Planet Hollywood or entities affiliated with the Company or Planet Hollywood, for which it would expect to be compensated.

Except as described above, neither the Company nor any person acting on its behalf has employed, retained
or compensated, or currently intends to employ, retain, or compensate, any person to make solicitations or recommendations in connection with the Offer or the Merger. 

Item 6.

Interest in Securities of the Subject Company. 

No
transactions in the Companys Common Stock have been effected during the 60 days prior to the date of this Schedule by the Company, or to the knowledge of the Company, by any executive officer, director or affiliate of the Company. 

During the 60 days prior to the date of this Schedule, no Company Options were granted to any executive officer, director, affiliate or subsidiary of
the Company. 

Item 7.

Purposes of the Transaction and Plans or Proposals. 

Except as indicated in Items 3 and 4 above, the Company is not undertaking or engaged in any negotiations in response to the Offer that relate to a tender offer or other acquisition of the Companys securities by the Company or any
other person. 

Except as indicated in Items 3 and 4 above, the Company is not undertaking or engaged in any negotiations in response to the
Offer that relate to, or would result in, (i) any extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or liquidation, involving the Company; (ii) any purchase, sale or transfer of a material amount of assets by the Company or
(iii) any material change in the present dividend rate or policy, or indebtedness or capitalization of the Company. 

Except as
indicated in Items 3 and 4 above, there are no transactions, resolutions of the Board, agreements in principle or signed contracts in response to the Offer that relate to or would result in one or more of the matters referred to in this Item 7.

Item 8.

Additional Information. 

Section 14(f) Information
Statement 

The Information Statement attached as Annex I to this Schedule is being furnished in connection with the possible
designation by Purchaser, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, of certain persons to be appointed to the BUCA Board, other than at a meeting of the Companys shareholders as described in Item 3 above and in the Information Statement, and is
incorporated in this Schedule by reference. 

Top-Up Option 

BUCA granted the Purchaser an option to purchase from BUCA the number of shares of BUCA Common Stock (the Top-Up Option Shares) equal to the number of Shares that, when added to the number of Shares owned
by the Purchaser at the time of exercise of the Top-Up Option, constitutes one share more than 90% of the number of Shares that would be outstanding immediately after the issuance of Shares pursuant to the exercise of the Top-Up Option. 

The exercise price for the Top-Up Option is equal to the Offer Price. The exercise of the Top-Up Option by Purchaser is subject to certain conditions.
The Merger Agreement provides that the Top-Up Option shall be exercisable only once, at such time as Planet Hollywood and Purchaser, directly or indirectly, own at least 50% of the total number of Shares then outstanding and on or prior to the 20th
business day after the Expiration Date and has otherwise purchased all Shares validly tendered in the Offer. In addition, the Purchaser shall, concurrently with the exercise of the Top-Up Option, give written notice to BUCA that Purchaser intends to
consummate the Merger. 

Vote Required to Approve the Merger and Section 302A.621 of the MBCA 

The BUCA Board has approved the Offer, the Merger and the Merger Agreement in accordance with the MBCA. Under Section 302A.621 of the MBCA, if
Purchaser acquires, pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, including the Top-Up Option, at least 90% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, Purchaser will be able to effect the Merger after consummation of the Offer without a vote by the
Companys shareholders as a Short-Form Merger. If Purchaser acquires less than 90% of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock will be required under the
MBCA to effect the Merger. 

State Takeover Laws 

The Company is incorporated under the laws of the State of Minnesota. Section 302A.671 of the MBCA establishes various disclosure and stakeholder-approval requirements to be met by individuals or companies
attempting a takeover of an issuing public corporation such as the Company. Further, Section 673 of the MBCA provides that an issuing public corporation such as the Company generally may not engage in certain business combinations
with any person that becomes an interested shareholder by acquiring beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the voting stock of that corporation for a period of four years following the date that the person became an interested shareholder. However,
because the Board and a special committee (the Special Committee) have approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the restrictions of Sections 671 and 673 of the MBCA are inapplicable to the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger. 

Takeover Disclosure Statute 

The Minnesota Takeover Disclosure Law, Minnesota Statutes Sections 80B.01-80B.13, by its terms requires certain disclosures and the filing of certain
disclosure material with the Minnesota Commissioner of Commerce with respect to any offer for a corporation, such as the Company, that has its principal place of business in Minnesota and a certain number of shareholders resident in Minnesota. The
Purchaser intends to file a registration statement with the Commissioner on or about the date this Schedule is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although the Commissioner does not have an approval right with respect to the Offer,
the Commissioner does review the disclosure material for the adequacy of such disclosure and is empowered to suspend summarily the Offer in Minnesota within three days of such filing if the Commissioner determines that the registration statement
does not (or the material provided to beneficial owners of the Shares residing in Minnesota does not) provide full disclosure. If such summary suspension occurs, a hearing must be held (within 10 days of the summary suspension) as to whether to
permanently suspend the Offer in Minnesota, subject to corrective disclosure. If the Commissioner takes action under the Takeover Disclosure Law, such action could have the effect of delaying the Offer. 

Fair Price Provision 

Section 302A.675 of the MBCA provides that a purchaser generally may not acquire shares of a Minnesota publicly held corporation from a shareholder within two years following the purchasers last purchase of shares of the same
class pursuant to a takeover offer, including, but not limited to, acquisitions made by purchase, exchange or merger, unless the selling shareholder is afforded, at the time of the proposed acquisition, a reasonable opportunity to dispose of the
shares to the purchaser upon substantially equivalent terms as those provided in the earlier takeover offer. However, because the BUCA Board and the Special Committee have approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the
restrictions of Section 302A.675 are inapplicable to the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger. 

Dissenters Rights 

No dissenters rights are available in connection with the Offer. However, under Minnesota law, shareholders who do not sell their Shares in the Offer will have the right, by fully complying with the applicable
provisions of Sections 302A.471 and 302A.473 of the MBCA, which are attached as Annex III to this Schedule, to dissent with respect to the Merger and to receive payment in cash for the fair value of their shares after the Merger is
completed. The term fair value means the value of the shares immediately before the effective time of the Merger and may be less than, equal to or greater than the price per share to be paid in the Merger. 

To be entitled to payment, the dissenting shareholder must not accept the Offer, must file with the Company, prior to the vote on the Merger, a written
notice of intent to demand payment of the fair value of the dissenting shareholders Shares, must not vote in favor of the Merger and must satisfy the other procedural requirements of the MBCA. 
Any shareholder contemplating the exercise of
dissenters rights should review carefully the provisions of Sections 302A.471 and 302A.473 of the MBCA, particularly the procedural steps required to perfect such rights, and should consult legal counsel. Dissenters rights will be lost
if the procedural requirements of the statute are not fully and precisely satisfied. 

If a vote of the Companys shareholders is
required to approve the Merger under the MBCA, the notice and proxy statement for the shareholders meeting will again inform each shareholder of record as of the record date of the meeting (excluding persons who tender all of their Shares
pursuant to the Offer if such Shares are purchased in the Offer) of their dissenters rights and will include a copy of Sections 302A.471 and 302A.473 of the MBCA and a summary description of the procedures to be followed to obtain payment of
fair value for their Shares. If a vote of the shareholders is not required to approve the Merger, the Surviving Corporation will send a notice to those persons who are shareholders of the Surviving Corporation immediately prior to the effective time
of the Merger which, among other things, will include a copy of Sections 302A.471 and 302A.473 of the MBCA and a summary description of the procedures to be followed to obtain payment of fair value for their Shares. 

Dissenters rights cannot be exercised at this time. The information set forth above is for informational purposes only with respect to
alternatives available to shareholders if the Merger is consummated. Shareholders who will be entitled to dissenters rights in connection with the Merger will receive additional information concerning dissenters rights and the procedures
to be followed in connection therewith before such shareholders have to take any action relating thereto. 

This foregoing
description of dissenters rights is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Sections 302A.471 and 302A.473 of the MBCA attached to this Schedule as Annex III. 

Item 9.

Exhibits

Exhibit No.

Description

(a)(1)(A)

Offer to Purchase, dated August 12, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(A) to the Schedule TO).

(a)(1)(B)

Letter of Transmittal (including Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) on Substitute Form W-9) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(B) to the Schedule
TO).

(a)(1)(C)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(C) to the Schedule TO).

(a)(1)(D)

Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(D) to the Schedule TO).

(a)(1)(E)

Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(5)(E) to the Schedule TO).

(a)(1)(F)

Information Statement Pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 14f-1 thereunder (incorporated by reference to Annex I attached to this Schedule 14D-9).

(a)(2)(A)

Letter to Shareholders from the Chief Executive Officer of BUCA dated August 12, 2008.

(a)(5)(A)

Press Release issued by the Company on August 5, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the 8-K filed by the Company on August 11, 2008).

(a)(5)(C)

Opinion of Piper Jaffray & Co., to the Board of Directors of BUCA, Inc., dated August 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Annex II attached to this Schedule 14D-9).

(e)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 12, 2008, between BUCA, Planet Hollywood and the Purchaser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the 8-K filed by the Company on
August 11, 2008).

(e)(2)

BUCA, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2007.)

(e)(3)

Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2008, between BUCA, Inc. and Bay Harbour Management, L.C.

(e)(4)

Credit Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2008, by and among BUCA and each of its subsidiaries that are signatories hereto and the Purchaser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
the 8-K filed by the Company on August 11, 2008.)

(e)(5)

Warrant to Purchase Common Shares of BUCA dated as of dated as of August 5, 2008, by and among BUCA and each of its subsidiaries that are signatories hereto and the Purchaser (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the 8-K filed by the Company on August 11, 2008.)

ANNEX IInformation Statement Pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
Rule 14f-1 

ANNEX IIOpinion of Piper Jaffray & Co., to the Board of Directors of BUCA, Inc., dated August 1, 2008. 

ANNEX IIIDissenters Rights under the Minnesota Business Corporation Act 

SIGNATURE 

After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct. 

BUCA, Inc.

Date: August 12, 2008

By:

/
S
/    J
OHN
 T.
B
ETTIN        

Name:

John T. Bettin

Title:

President and Chief Executive Officer

ANNEX I 

BUCA, INC. 

1300 Nicollet Mall, Suite 5003 

Minneapolis, MN 55403 

(612) 288-2382

INFORMATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(f) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND RULE 14f-1 THEREUNDER

This Information Statement (this Information Statement) pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Rule 14f-1 thereunder is being mailed on or about August 12, 2008 to the shareholders of BUCA, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (BUCA or the Company). This Information
Statement relates to the tender offer by BUCA Financing, LLC (Purchaser), a Minnesota corporation and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Planet Hollywood International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent or Planet
Hollywood), to the holders of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock, and the shares of Common Stock being referred to collectively as the Shares), of BUCA (the Company
Shareholders). Unless the context indicates otherwise, in this Information Statement, the terms us, we and our refer to the Company. You are receiving this Information Statement in connection with the
possible election of persons designated by Purchaser to at least a majority of the seats on the board of directors of BUCA (the Board of Directors or BUCA Board). Such designation would be made pursuant to an Agreement and
Plan of Merger, dated as of August 5, 2008 (the Merger Agreement), entered into by and among Parent, Purchaser and the Company. A copy of the Merger Agreement has been filed with the SEC as an exhibit to a Current Report on
Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 11, 2008. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser is offering to purchase all of the
Shares of Company, at a purchase price of $0.45 per Share (the Offer Price), net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon and less any required withholding taxes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with the Offer to Purchase, each as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, collectively constitute the Offer). Unless extended in accordance with the
terms and conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, the Offer is scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Tuesday, September 9, 2008, at which time, if all conditions to the Offer have been satisfied or waived,
Purchaser will purchase all Shares validly tendered pursuant to the Offer and not properly withdrawn. Copies of the Offer to Purchase and the accompanying Letter of Transmittal are being mailed to the Company Shareholders and are filed as exhibits
to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by Purchaser and Parent with the SEC on August 12, 2008, and as exhibits to the Schedule 14D-9 (the Schedule 14D-9) filed by the Company with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 12, 2008. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Schedule 14D-9. 

Following the consummation of the Offer, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, and upon approval by a
shareholder vote, if required, Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company with the Company as the surviving corporation (the Merger). At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each Share (other than
Shares owned by Parent and Purchaser (not held on behalf of thirds parties), shares owned by any subsidiary of Parent (other than Purchaser), or the Company and Shares held by shareholders who are entitled to and who have properly demanded appraisal
of such Shares under the Minnesota Business Corporation Act (the MBCA)) that is not tendered pursuant to the Offer will be converted into the right to receive cash in the amount equal to the Offer Price and all of those Shares will cease
to be outstanding, will automatically be cancelled and will cease to exist. Following the Effective Time, the Company will continue as an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. 

The Merger Agreement provides that upon Purchaser accepting for payment and paying for any Shares tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer (the
Acceptance Time), and at all times thereafter, Purchaser 

I-1 

will be entitled to designate a number of the Companys directors (the Purchaser Designees), rounded up to the next whole number on the BUCA
Board, equal to the total number of directors on the BUCA Board (after giving effect to the directors appointed as a result of designations by Purchaser pursuant to this sentence) multiplied by the percentage of Shares beneficially owned by Parent,
Purchaser or any of their affiliates relative to the total number of outstanding Shares. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company will take all actions reasonably necessary to effect the appointment of the Purchasers director
designees to the BUCA Board, each board of directors (or similar body) of each subsidiary of BUCA and each committee (or similar body) of the board of each subsidiary of BUCA to the extent permitted by applicable law and the rules of The NASDAQ
Stock Market (NASDAQ). 

Until the Effective Time, the Company will be required to maintain at least the number of
independent directors, as defined by the Marketplace Rules of NASDAQ, as may be required by the Marketplace Rules of NASDAQ or federal securities laws, at least one of whom must be an audit committee financial expert, as
defined in Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K. The independent directors as of the date of the Merger Agreement who remain on the BUCA Board will be Continuing Directors for purposes of the Merger Agreement. After Parents designees are elected
or appointed to the BUCA Board and until the Effective Time, approval by a majority of the Continuing Directors will be required to (i) for Company to amend or terminate the Merger Agreement or take any action under Merger Agreement;
(ii) to exercise or waive any of the Companys rights, benefits or remedies under the Merger Agreement, or (iii) to amend the Company Charter or Company Bylaws, in each case if such action adversely affects, or reasonably would be
expected to adversely affect, the Companys shareholders, other than Parent or Purchaser. The Companys obligations to appoint Purchaser Designees to the BUCA Board are subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and
Rule 14f-1 thereunder. 

This Information Statement is required by Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1
thereunder in connection with the appointment of the Purchaser Designees to the BUCA Board. 

YOU ARE URGED TO READ THIS ENTIRE
INFORMATION STATEMENT CAREFULLY. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE NOT SOLICITING YOUR PROXY. NO VOTE OR OTHER ACTION BY OUR SHAREHOLDERS IS REQUIRED IN RESPONSE TO THIS INFORMATION STATEMENT. 

The information contained in this Information Statement (including information incorporated in this Information Statement by reference) concerning
Parent, Purchaser and Purchaser Designees has been furnished to us by Parent, and the Company assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information. 

I-2 

PURCHASER DESIGNEES 

Purchaser has informed the Company that it will choose the Purchaser Designees from the list of persons set forth in the following table. The following table, prepared from information furnished to the Company by
Parent, sets forth, with respect to each individual who may be designated by Purchaser as a Purchaser Designee, the name, age of the individual as of August 12, 2008, present principal occupation and employment history during the past five
years. Parent has informed the Company that each such individual is a U.S. citizen (except for Mr. Robert Earl) and has consented to act as a director of the Company, if so appointed or elected. If necessary, Purchaser may choose
additional or other Purchaser Designees, subject to the requirements of Rule 14f-1 under the Exchange Act. Unless otherwise indicated below, the business address of each such person is c/o Planet Hollywood International, Inc., 7598 W. Sand Lake
Road, Orlando, Florida 32819. 

Parent has informed the Company that none of the individuals listed below has, during the past five years,
(i) filed a petition under federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law or has been appointed by a court a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer for the business or property of such person or any partnership in which he or she was a
general partner of or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer, (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding or (iii) been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding that resulted in a
judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, U.S. federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of U.S. federal or state securities laws.

Name of Purchaser

Designee

Age

Present Principal Occupation or Employment Material Positions Held
During
the Past Five Years

Robert Earl

Robert Earl is the founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Parent and the co-chairman of the Planet Hollywood Resort &
Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada. In 1977, Mr. Earl founded President Entertainment, a company specializing in theme restaurants. Mr. Earl became Chief Executive Officer of Hard Rock Caf in 1988. During this same time period Mr. Earl was also a
Director of Pelican Group PLC.

In 2003, Mr. Earl became joint venture partners with
London Clubs with the joint ventures purchase of the casino named 50 St. James, now operating under the name Fifty. Additionally in 2003, Mr. Earl announced a partnership with Lord Sandwich, the 11th Earl of Sandwich,
to launch sandwich shops around the world, utilizing the name Earl of Sandwich. 

In August 2003, Mr. Earl, along with joint venture partners, Bay Harbour Management L.C. and Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, purchased the Aladdin Resort and Casino located in Las Vegas.

Mr. Earl became a shareholder and board member in the Everton soccer club in October
2006.

Mr. Earl is a citizen of the United Kingdom.

I-3 

Name of Purchaser

Designee

Age

Present Principal Occupation or Employment Material Positions Held
During
the Past Five Years

Doug Teitelbaum

Mr. Teitelbaum became a director of Parent effective May 9, 2000. Since 1996, Mr. Teitelbaum has been co-owner and managing partner of Bay Harbour
Management, L.C., an SEC registered Investment Advisor that specializes in acquisitions of distressed companies, with a business address of 885 Third Avenue, 34
th
 Floor, New York, NY 10022.

In August 2004, Mr.
Teitelbaum, along with joint venture partners Robert Earl and Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, purchased the Aladdin Resort and Casino located in Las Vegas.

From 1994 through 1996, Mr. Teitelbaum was a managing director in the High Yield and Distressed Securities Group at Bear, Stearns, Inc. Prior to that time, Mr. Teitelbaum
was a partner at Dabney/Resnick, Inc., an investment banking firm.

Thomas Avallone

Mr. Avallone has served as director, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Parent and several of its affiliates (including the Earl of Sandwich affiliate) in
Orlando, Florida since 1994. Mr. Avallone has been involved in the restaurant industry for over 25 years. From July 1987 until 1994, Mr. Avallone served as Chief Financial Officer of Hard Rock Caf and Rank Leisure USA. Prior to serving in
those positions, Mr. Avallone, a certified public accountant, was a Senior Manager at Laventhol and Horwath CPAs, a public accounting firm, specializing in the entertainment and leisure industry. Mr. Avallone is a member of the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants.

Martha H. McIntosh

Ms. McIntosh was named Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Parent in March 2005. Ms. McIntosh is a member of the executive leadership team and has oversight and management
responsibility for all legal and regulatory strategies and services, and is responsible for all aspects of Parents legal affairs around the world. From February 2002 to August 2004, Ms. McIntosh served as advertising counsel for the Home
Shopping Network (HSN), with a business address and phone number of 1 HSN Drive, St. Petersburg, Florida, (727) 872-1000, where she managed regulatory compliance and advertising matters related to print, television and on-line
advertising. McIntosh joined HSN from the law firm of Gray Robinson where she provided legal services to emerging businesses, developers and landowners, entrepreneurs, individuals, lending institutions, commercial landlords and tenants in
matters of acquisition, financing, development, sales, and leasing of major commercial projects, including hotel projects and sale leaseback transactions. Ms. McIntosh is a member of the Florida Bar Association and the North Carolina Bar
Association.

I-4 

Name of Purchaser

Designee

Age

Present Principal Occupation or Employment Material Positions Held
During
the Past Five Years

Joshua Revitz

In July 2001 Joshua Revitz joined Bay Harbour Management, L.C., with a business address of 885 Third Avenue, 34
th
 Floor, New York, NY 10022. Prior to joining Bay Harbour, Mr. Revitz was an investment banker at Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. operating within their Real Estate, Gaming, Lodging and Leisure Group working on
transactions involving the underwriting and issuance of leveraged loans, high yield bonds and asset-backed securities, in addition to advising on mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts and bankruptcy restructurings. Mr. Revitz currently serves
on the board of directors of NextG Networks, Inc. Mr. Revitz graduated Magna Cum Laude from Tufts University, earning a Bachelor of Arts in Economics.

None of the Purchaser Designees is a director of, or holds any position with the Company. Parent
has advised the Company that to the best knowledge of Parent, except as disclosed in the Offer to Purchase with respect to Messrs. Earl and Avallone, none of the Purchaser Designees beneficially owns any securities (or rights to acquire any
securities) of the Company or has been involved in any transactions with the Company or any of its directors, executive officers or affiliates that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules of the SEC. Parent has advised the Company that to
the best knowledge of Parent, none of the Purchaser Designees has any family relationship with any director, executive officer or key employees of the Company. If the conditions to the Offer are satisfied and the Purchaser does purchase a majority
of the outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Company will be a controlled company as defined by Marketplace Rule 4350(c)(5) of the NASDAQ Stock Market and it is the Purchasers intent to complete the Merger and delist the
Company as soon as possible thereafter. Until the Merger is completed the Company and Parent will ensure that at all times the Company will maintain the correct ratio of independent directors on the BUCA Board required for purposes of the
Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market and the federal securities laws. 

It is expected that some of the Purchaser Designees may
assume office at any time following the purchase by Purchaser of a majority of outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

CERTAIN
INFORMATION CONCERNING BUCA 

The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 30,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
$0.01, and 5,000,000 shares of undesignated stock, par value $0.01 per share. As of the close of business on July 31, 2008, there were 21,408,901 Shares issued and outstanding and no shares of undesignated stock outstanding. The BUCA
Board currently consists of seven members. 

Only the holders of our Common Stock are entitled to vote at a meeting of our shareholders.
Each share of Common Stock entitles the record holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. 

I-5 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 

Set forth below are the name, age, position, tenure and business experience for the past five years for each director of the Company as of
August 12, 2008: 

Name

Age

Position with the Company

Wallace B. Doolin

Chairman of the Board

John T. Bettin

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director

Richard G. Erstad

General Counsel and Secretary

Dennis J. Goetz

Chief Financial Officer

Sidney J. Feltenstein

Director

James T. Stamas

Director

John P. Whaley

Director

Fritzi P. Woods

Director

Paul J. Zepf

Director

None of the above executive officers is related to each other or to any of our other directors. 

Wallace B. Doolin
 joined BUCA, Inc. in November 2004 and served as our Chief Executive Officer until January 31, 2008. Mr. Doolin joined our Board of
Directors in November 2004 as Chairman and continues to hold that position. Mr. Doolin has more than 35 years of restaurant industry experience. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Doolin served as Chief Executive Officer of La Madeleine Bakery
Caf and Bistro, a 64-restaurant chain, which he helped reengineer and reposition the brand and prepare for its next stage of growth. Prior to joining La Madeleine, Mr. Doolin served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Carlson
Restaurants Worldwide (CRW) and TGI Fridays (Fridays) from 1994 to 2002 and as Senior Vice President and Executive Vice President of CRW and Fridays from 1989 to 1993. During his more than 13 years with CRW
and Fridays, he oversaw Fridays growth from 135 U.S. restaurants to more than 700 units in 57 countries. He also was responsible for the acquisition of Pick Up Stix, which brought CRWs restaurant total to 770. From 1984 to 1986,
Mr. Doolin served as President of Applebees. From 1972 to 1989, he held senior leadership positions at W.R. Graces Restaurant Division, Flakey Jakes, Inc., and Steak and Ale Restaurants. Mr. Doolin has received the IFMA
Silver Plate and NRN Golden Chain awards. He is a board member emeritus of the National Restaurant Association and past chairman of its Education Foundation and a member of the board of Caribou Coffee Company. He also is chairman of the ALIMA Fund,
a fund for international children through Share Our Strength, a leading childrens anti-hunger organization. 

John T. Bettin
 joined BUCA, Inc.
in September 2006 as our President, became our Chief Executive Officer on February 1, 2008 and became a director on February 12, 2008. Mr. Bettin began his career at Houlihans, part of Gilbert/Robinson, where he progressed from
Corporate Executive Chef and Director of Culinary to Vice President of Operations to Senior Vice President of Concept Development. In 1994, he became Executive Vice President of Operations for Capital Restaurant Concepts and, from 1998 to 2005, was
President of Mortons of Chicago, a restaurant company. While at Mortons he led and directed operations, purchasing, marketing, finance, information services, human resources and training. In 2005, Mr. Bettin joined Potbelly Sandwich
Works, a restaurant company, as its Chief Operations Officer and Senior Vice President. 

Richard G. Erstad
 joined BUCA, Inc. in April 2005 as our
General Counsel and Secretary. Mr. Erstad had previously been an attorney with the corporate group of Faegre & Benson LLP, a law firm, from 1996 to 2005, where his practice focused on securities law and mergers and acquisitions,
including representing BUCA, Inc. on a variety of matters. He is a member of the Minnesota Bar. 

Dennis J. Goetz
 joined BUCA, Inc. in August
2005 as our Chief Accounting Officer. He was named our Chief Financial Officer in November 2007. Mr. Goetz previously served as Senior Director, Central Accounting to Reporting from February 2004 to August 2005 and Director, Corporate
Development & Planning from February 2001 to February 2004 for Carlson, a worldwide hospitality, marketing and travel company. 

I-6 

Sidney J. Feltenstein
 joined BUCA, Inc. in September 2003 as a director. Mr. Feltenstein served as Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer of Yorkshire Global Restaurants, the company that operated the restaurant brands A&W Restaurants and Long John Silvers, from 1995 to 2002. Mr. Feltenstein has served in a variety of operations and
marketing management positions including Chief Marketing Officer for Dunkin Donuts and Executive President of Worldwide Marketing for the Burger King Corporation. He is currently Chairman of Sagittarius Brands, Inc., a restaurant holding company.
Mr. Feltenstein is active on various boards, and has served as chairman of the International Franchise Association. 

James T. Stamas
 joined
BUCA, Inc. in October 2005 as a director. Mr. Stamas has served as Dean of the School of Hospitality at Boston University since 1995. From 1973 to 1988, he was with Omni Hotels where he retired as Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative
Officer. Prior to that, he held positions with Sonesta Hotels and Raytheon Company. In 1988, he founded Stamas Partners, a management consulting company providing human resources and organizational development services to the hospitality industry.
He has served as Chairman of the Executive Board for the Whittemore School of Business and Economics at the University of New Hampshire. He is a former director of Yorkshire Restaurants and Panatech Research & Development Corp. 

John P. Whaley
 has served as a director of BUCA, Inc. since 1996 and as Lead Director since March 2005. He is a partner of Norwest Equity Partners and Norwest
Venture Partners and has been a partner or officer of these and affiliated private equity investment funds since 1977. Mr. Whaley is also a director of several privately held companies. 

Fritzi G. Woods
 joined BUCA, Inc. in September 2005 as a director. Since 2003, Ms. Woods has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of PrimeSource
Food Service Equipment, Inc., the nations eleventh largest food service equipment distribution company. From 1998 to 2002, Ms. Woods was with The Dallas Morning News, a newspaper company and a subsidiary of Belo Corporation, a diversified
media company, where she served as Executive Vice President Sales and Marketing and Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Ms. Woods was Manufacturing Controller and Finance Manager for Motorola in Austin, Texas and worked as an auditor for
Arthur Andersen & Co. Ms. Woods is active on various boards and is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Paul J. Zepf
 has served as a
director of BUCA, Inc. since 1998 and served as Lead Director from July 2003 to March 2005. He is currently a Managing Director of Lazard Alternative Investments LLC, a merchant banking business, and a Managing Principal of its subsidiary, Corporate
Partners LLC. He was previously a Managing Director of each of Lazard Frres & Co. LLC, a financial advisory and asset management firm, Centre Partners Management L.L.C., and Corporate Advisors, L.P., where he had been employed since
1989. 

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provide that the Board of Directors be divided into three classes of as nearly equal size as possible.
Our board is divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. Messrs. Bettin, Whaley and Feltenstein are Class III directors whose terms expire at the annual shareholders meeting in 2008. Ms. Woods and Mr. Stamas are Class
I directors whose terms expires at the annual shareholders meeting in 2009. Messrs. Doolin and Zepf are Class II directors whose terms expire at the annual shareholders meeting in 2010. 

At each annual meeting of shareholders, the successors to directors whose terms then expire will be elected to serve for a full term of three years. If
the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible. A nominee elected to fill a vacancy in a class will hold office
for a term that will coincide with the remaining term of that class. This classification of the board may delay or prevent changes in our control or in our management. 

I-7 

Board Meetings During Fiscal 2007 

The Board of Directors met 14 times during fiscal 2007. The SEC rules require disclosure of those directors who attended fewer than 75% of the aggregate
total of meetings of the board and board committees on which the director served during the last fiscal year. No director attended fewer than 75% of the aggregate total of these meetings. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

No member of the compensation committee has ever been an officer or employee of our company or of any of our subsidiaries or affiliates. None of our executive officers has served on the board of directors or on the
compensation committee of any other entity, any officers of which served either on our board of directors or on our compensation committee. 

Attendance at Annual Shareholders Meeting 

One director attended our annual shareholders meeting in 2007.
Additional information concerning the board, including committee charters and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, employees and representatives, is available at www.bucainc.com. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Director Independence

Our board has determined that each of Messrs. Stamas, Zepf, Whaley and Feltenstein and Ms. Woods is independent as that term
is defined under the applicable independence listing standards of the NASDAQ. Accordingly, a majority of our board is independent. In determining that Ms. Woods is independent, our board considered restaurant equipment purchases we have made
from her employer in the ordinary course of business. 

Lead Director 

In fiscal 2003, our board created the position of Lead Director of the board. Our current Lead Director, Mr. Whaley, has served in that capacity
since March 2005. The principal responsibilities of the Lead Director include: 



chairing the board in the absence of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; 



meeting with directors annually on a one-on-one basis to assess areas where the board and/or committees can operate more effectively; 



organizing and presiding over executive sessions to review the companys performance and management effectiveness; 



communicating to management as appropriate the results of private discussions among independent directors; and 



developing plans for management succession. 

Communications with Directors 

You can contact our full board, our Lead Director, our independent directors as a
group or any of the directors individually by writing to our Secretary at 1300 Nicollet Mall, Suite 5003, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55403. All communications will be compiled by the Secretary and all will be submitted to the addressees on a periodic
basis. 

BOARD COMMITTEES 

Our board has three standing committees, the principal functions and composition of which are described below. Each committee operates under a charter, a copy of each is available on our website at www.bucainc.com. 

Governance and Nominating Committee 

The
governance and nominating committee of the board, comprised of Messrs. Stamas (Chair), Feltenstein, Whaley and Zepf and Ms. Woods, is responsible for (1) overseeing corporate governance matters; (2) approving 

I-8 

director nominees to be considered for election by shareholders and for election by the board to fill any vacancy or newly created directorship;
(3) making recommendations to the board concerning the appropriate size and composition of the board and each board committee, and the establishment of new board committees; (4) developing and administering a board and committee evaluation
process; and (5) developing and implementing director orientation and continuing education policies. The governance and nominating committee met two times during fiscal 2007. All members of the governance and nominating committee satisfy the
applicable independence listing standards of the NASDAQ and have no relationship with the Company that, in the opinion of the board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment. 

Our board, acting upon the recommendation of the governance and nominating committee, adopted a director nominee selection policy, which covers the
director nominee selection process and director selection criteria. 

Under the policy, the governance and nominating committee will select
nominees for directors pursuant to the following process: 



the identification of director candidates by the governance and nominating committee based upon suggestions from current directors and senior management,
recommendations by shareholders and possibly a director search firm; 



a review of the candidates qualifications by the governance and nominating committee to determine which candidates best meet the boards required and
desired criteria; 



interviews of interested candidates among those who best meet these criteria by the Chair of the governance and nominating committee or the entire committee;



a report to the board by the governance and nominating committee on the selection process; and 



formal nomination by the governance and nominating committee for inclusion in the slate of directors for the annual meeting of shareholders or appointment by the
board to fill a vacancy during the intervals between shareholder meetings. 

The governance and nominating committee will
reassess the qualifications of a director, including the directors past contributions to the board and the directors attendance and contributions at board and committee meetings, prior to recommending a director for reelection to another
term. 

The governance and nominating committee will consider director candidates recommended by shareholders. Shareholders who wish to
recommend director candidates for consideration by the governance and nominating committee may do so by submitting a written recommendation to our Secretary at 1300 Nicollet Mall, Suite 5003, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55403. Submissions must include a
written recommendation, biographical information concerning the recommended individual, including age, a description of the recommended individuals past five years of employment history and any past and current board memberships. The
submission must be accompanied by a written consent of the individual to stand for election if nominated by the governance and nominating committee and to serve if elected by the board or the shareholders, as applicable. Alternatively, shareholders
may directly nominate a person for election to our board by complying with the procedures set forth in our bylaws, any applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any applicable laws. 

Candidates for director nominees are reviewed in the context of the current composition of the board, our operating requirements and the long-term
interests of our shareholders. 

I-9 

The governance and nominating committee will consider, at a minimum, the following factors in
recommending to our board potential new board members, or the continued service of existing members in addition to other factors it deems appropriate based on the current needs and desires of the board: 



demonstrated character and integrity; an inquiring mind; experience at a strategy/policy setting level; sufficient time to devote to the affairs of the company; and
high-level managerial experience; 



whether the member or potential member is subject to a disqualifying factor, such as, relationships with competitors, customers, suppliers, contractors, counselors
or consultants, or recent previous employment with the company; 



the members or potential members independence; 



whether an existing member has reached any applicable retirement age or a term limit; 



whether the member or potential member assists in achieving a mix of board members that represents a diversity of background and experience, including with respect
to age, gender, international background, race and specialized experience; 



whether the member or potential member, by virtue of particular experience, technical expertise, or specialized skills, will add specific value as a board member;
and 



any factors related to the ability and willingness of a new member to serve, or an existing member to continue his or her service. 

In addition to the above factors, our board has also adopted certain board policies which provide that no board member may simultaneously serve on the
boards of directors of more than three other public companies without receiving the prior approval of the governance and nominating committee. In addition, no employee director may simultaneously serve on more than one other public company board.
Our audit committee charter also provides that no audit committee member may simultaneously serve on the audit committees of more than two other public companies. 

Compensation Committee 

The compensation committee of the board is currently comprised of Messrs. Feltenstein
(Chair), Stamas, Whaley and Zepf and Ms. Woods, each of whom is an independent director under NASDAQ listing standards. The compensation committee is responsible for (1) discharging the responsibilities of the board with respect to all
forms of compensation of our executive officers and oversight of our employee stock purchase plan and stock incentive plans; and (2) reporting to the shareholders regarding the companys executive compensation practices and policies. The
compensation committee met five times during fiscal 2007. 

A director may serve on the compensation committee only if the board determines
that he or she: 



is a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 



satisfies the requirements of an outside director for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code; and 



is independent as that term is defined in the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market and has no relationship with the company that, in
the opinion of the board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment. 

The compensation committee operates
under a written charter adopted by the BUCA Board, which can be found on the Companys website at www.bucainc.com on the Corporate Governance page of the Investor Relations section. 

I-10 

Audit Committee 

The audit committee of the board, currently comprised of Ms. Woods (Chair) and Messrs. Feltenstein, Stamas, Whaley and Zepf, is responsible for overseeing our accounting and financial reporting process and the
audits of our financial statements. The audit committee met four times during fiscal 2007. 

All members of the audit committee are
independent as that term is defined in the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Section 301 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the SEC rules adopted pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our board has determined
that at least one member of our audit committee, Ms. Woods, is an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined under Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated by the SEC in furtherance
of Section 407. Ms. Woods is independent, as that term is defined under the NASDAQ listing standards. 

The responsibilities of
the audit committee are set forth in the audit committee charter, adopted by our audit committee on April 25, 2000, as amended and restated on March 5, 2004 and as amended on February 15, 2007. 

REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 

The
role of the Companys Audit Committee, which is composed of five independent non-employee directors, is one of oversight of the companys management and the companys independent registered public accounting firm in regard to the
companys financial reporting and the companys controls respecting accounting and financial reporting. In performing its oversight function, the Audit Committee relied upon advice and information received in its discussions with the
companys management and independent registered public accounting firm. 

The Audit Committee has (1) reviewed and discussed the
companys audited financial statements for the year ended December 30, 2007 with the companys management; (2) discussed with the companys independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed
by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as amended, regarding communication with audit committees (AICPA Professional Standards, Vol. 1. AU sec. 380); (3) received the written disclosures and the letter from the companys
independent accountants required by Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1 (Independence Discussions with Audit Committees); and (4) discussed with the companys independent accountants the independent accountants
independence. 

Based on the review and discussions with management and the companys independent registered public accounting firm
referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be included in the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2007 for filing with the SEC.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

Sidney J. Feltenstein 

James T. Stamas 

John P. Whaley 

Fritzi G. Woods 

Paul J. Zepf 

I-11 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of July 31, 2008 by: 



each shareholder known by us to beneficially own more than five percent of our common stock, 



each of our directors, 



our executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table below, and 



all of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

Except as otherwise noted below, each of the shareholders identified in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock beneficially owned by the person. 

Shares Beneficially
Owned (1)

Name of Beneficial Owner

Number

Percent

State of Wisconsin Investment Board (2)

3,017,200

14.1

%

Heartland Advisors, Inc. (3)

1,950,000

9.1

%

Prentice Capital Management, LP (4)

1,664,632

7.8

%

Dimensional Fund Advisors, Inc. (5)

1,566,829

7.3

%

AWM Investment Company, Inc. (6)

3,092,000

17.0

%

Norwest Equity Partners V, L.P. (7)

1,294,818

6.0

%

Sidney J. Feltenstein (8)

50,250

*

James T. Stamas (9)

27,000

*

John P. Whaley (7)

1,294,818

6.0

%

Fritzi G. Woods (10)

27,000

*

Paul J. Zepf (11)

63,957

*

Wallace B. Doolin (12)

896,686

4.2

%

John T. Bettin (13)

40,000

*

Stephen B. Hickey (14)

112,000

*

All directors and executive officers as a group (10 persons)

2,583,869

12.1

%

*

Less than 1% 

(1)

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC that generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting
power and/or investment power with respect to those securities and includes shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options that are immediately exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated, the
persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them. Percentage ownership calculations are based on 21,408,901 shares of common stock outstanding as of
July 31, 2008. 

(2)

Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 8, 2008. The address of State of Wisconsin Investment Board is P.O. Box 7842, Madison, Wisconsin 53707.

(3)

Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on June 10, 2008. These securities may be deemed beneficially owned within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 by (1) Heartland Advisors, Inc. by virtue of its investment discretion and voting authority granted by certain clients, which may be revoked at any time; and (2) William J. Nasgovitz, as a result of his ownership interest in
Heartland Advisors, Inc. Heartland Advisors, Inc. has shared voting power and shared investment power with respect to 1,950,000 shares of common stock. Each of Heartland Advisors, Inc. and Mr. Nasgovitz specifically disclaims beneficial
ownership of any shares reported on the schedule. The address of Heartland Advisors, Inc. is 789 North Water Street, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202. 

I-12 

(4)

Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2008. Prentice Capital Management, LP has shared voting power and shared investment power with respect to 1,664.632
shares of common stock. Prentice Capital Management, LP serves as investment manager to a number of investment funds (including Prentice Capital Partners, LP, Prentice Capital Partners GP, LP, Prentice Capital Offshore, Ltd., Prentice Special
Opportunities Offshore, Ltd. And Prentice Special Opportunities Master, L.P.) and manages investments for certain entities in managed accounts with respect to which it has voting and dispositive authority over the shares reported. Michael Zimmerman
is the managing member of (1) Prentice Management GP, LLC, the general partner of Prentice Capital Management, (2) Prentice Capital GP, LLC, the general partner of certain investment funds and (c) Prentice Capital GP II, LLC, the
managing member of Prentice Capital GP II, LP, which is the general partner of certain investment funds. As such, he may be deemed to control Prentice Capital Management and certain of the investment funds and therefore may be deemed to be the
beneficial owner of the securities reported above. Each of Mr. Zimmerman and Prentice Capital Management disclaims beneficial ownership of all of the Shares reported in the schedule. The address of Prentice Capital Management, LP is 623 Fifth
Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

(5)

Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 6, 2008. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP (formerly, Dimensional Fund Advisors Inc.) (Dimensional), an investment
advisor registered under Section 203 of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, furnishes investment advice to four investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and serves as investment manager to certain other
commingled group trusts and separate accounts. These investment companies, trusts and accounts are the Funds. In its role as investment advisor or manager, Dimensional possesses investment and/or voting power over the securities of the
company that are owned by the Funds and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of the company held by the Funds. However, all securities reported on the schedule are owned by the Funds. Dimensional disclaims beneficial ownership of
such securities. The address for Dimensional Fund Advisors Inc. is 1299 Ocean Avenue, 11th Floor, Santa Monica, California 90401. 

(6)

Based on a Form 4 filed on July 1, 2008 by Austin W. Marxe (Marxe) and David M. Greenhouse (Greenhouse), who are the controlling principals of AWM
Investment Company, Inc. (AWM), the general partner of and investment adviser to Special Situations Cayman Fund, L.P. (Cayman). AWM also serves as the general partner of MGP Advisers Limited Partnership (MGP), the
general partner of Special Situations Fund III QP, L.P. (SSFQP). Marxe and Greenhouse are also members of M.G. Advisers L.L.C. (MG), the general partner of and investment adviser to Special Situations Private Equity Fund,
L.P. (SSPE). Marxe and Greenhouse have shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 3,092,000 shares of common stock. This amount includes 755,233 shares of common stock owned by Cayman, 1,671,477 shares owned by
SSFQP and 655,290 shares owned by SSPE. The address of AWM Investment Company, Inc. is 527 Madison Avenue, Suite 2600, New York, NY 10022. 

(7)

Includes (1) options for the purchase of 40,915 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days granted to John P. Whaley; (2) 14,565 shares of common stock held by
Whaley Family LP; (3) 413,232 shares of common stock beneficially owned by Norwest Equity Partners V, L.P.; (4) 273,000 shares of common stock beneficially owned by Norwest Equity Partners, VI, LP; and (5) 546,000 shares of common
stock beneficially owned by Norwest Equity Partners, VII, LP. Mr. Whaley is a managing administrative partner of each of Itasca Partners V, LLP, the general partner of Norwest Equity Partners V, L.P.; Itasca LBO Partners VI, LLP, the general
partner of Norwest Equity Partners VI, LP; and Itasca LBO Partners VII, LLP, the general partner of Norwest Equity Partners VII, LP. By virtue of his positions with each of these entities, Mr. Whaley may be deemed to beneficially own the
securities held by such entities. Mr. Whaley disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. The address of Norwest Equity Partners V, L.P. is 3600 IDS Center, 80 South 8th Street, Minneapolis,
Minnesota 55402. 

(8)

Includes options for the purchase of 30,250 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days granted to Mr. Feltenstein. 

(9)

Consists of options for the purchase of 27,000 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days granted to Mr. Stamas. 

I-13 

(10)

Consists of options for the purchase of 27,000 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days granted to Ms. Woods. 

(11)

Includes options for the purchase of 41,083 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days granted to Mr. Zepf. Of such amount, Mr. Zepf disclaims beneficial ownership
of options to purchase 5,833 shares of common stock; these options are beneficially owned by Centre Partners Management LLC. 

(12)

Includes options for the purchase of 750,000 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days granted to Mr. Doolin and 140,000 shares of restricted stock, which shares vest
and the related restrictions expire on December 31, 2009. Mr. Doolin ceased being an executive officer on January 31, 2008. 

(13)

Consists of options for the purchase of 40,000 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days granted to Mr. Bettin. 

(14)

Includes 1,000 shares owned by Mr. Hickeys wife and options for the purchase of 95,000 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days granted to Mr. Hickey.
Mr. Hickey ceased being an executive officer on January 31, 2008. 

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
REPORTING COMPLIANCE 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially
own more than 10% of our Common Stock, to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and beneficial owners of more than 10% of our Common Stock are required by SEC regulations to
furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of such reports and written representations from our executive officers and directors, we believe that our executive officers and directors complied with
Section 16(a) filing requirements during the most recent fiscal year. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

We use a combination of cash and stock-based compensation to attract and retain qualified directors to serve on our board. In setting director
compensation, we consider the significant amount of time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties to the company, their legal exposure as directors, as well as the level of skill we require of members of the board. Directors who are our
employees do not receive additional compensation for serving on our board or board committees. Directors who are not our employees receive compensation for board service as follows: 

Quarterly Retainer:

A quarterly retainer of $6,000 ($7,500 in case of Lead Director).

Attendance Fees:

A fee of $2,000 for each board or committee meeting attended if (1) such board committee meeting is not held on the same day as a board meeting and (2) the duration of the committee
meeting is two hours or longer. Each non-employee director will receive a fee of $500 ($1,000 for the chair of a committee who presides over a committee meeting) for attending each committee meeting with a duration of less than two
hours.

Stock Options:

An annual grant of stock options to purchase shares of our common stock, the amount of which are determined annually by the board. No such grant was made in fiscal 2007. Each new non-employee
director first elected to the board receives a one-time grant of stock options to purchase 20,000 shares of our common stock.

I-14 

The table below summarizes the compensation paid by the company to non-employee directors for fiscal
2007. Compensation information for Wallace B. Doolin, our former Chief Executive Officer, is set forth in the Summary Compensation Table above. 

Name

Fees Earned or Paid in
Cash ($)

Option Awards ($)

Total ($)

Sidney J. Feltenstein

$

48,000

  

$

48,000

James T. Stamas

44,500

  

44,500

John P. Whaley

52,500

  

52,500

Fritzi G. Woods

46,000

  

46,000

Paul J. Zepf

45,500

  

45,500

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The table below summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each
of our named executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 30, 2007 and December 31, 2006. 

Name and

Principal Position

Year

Salary
($)

Bonus
($)

Stock
Awards
($) (1)

Option
Awards
($) (1)

Non-Equity
Incentive Plan
Compensation
($)

All Other
Compensation
($)

Total
($)

Wallace B. Doolin (2)

557,680

  

83,776

  

  

39,144

(3)

680,600

Chairman and Chief

Executive Officer

544,673

  

  

  

145,159

37,819

727,651

John T. Bettin

President and Chief

Executive Officer (5)

352,766

  

  

124,760

  

62,160

(4)

539,686

Stephen B. Hickey (2)

225,000

35,000

23,290

76,680

  

44,775

(6)

404,745

Chief Marketing Officer

225,000

  

27,400

76,680

69,345

14,193

412,618

(1)

Amounts reflect the dollar amount recognized for financial statement reporting purposes for the fiscal year, in accordance with FAS 123(R) and thus may include amounts from awards
granted in and prior to the reported fiscal year. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in footnote 15 to our audited financial statements. 

(2)

Ceased employment with the company on January 31, 2008. 

(3)

Consists of disability insurance premiums of $21,145, car allowance of $15,000, a tax gross-up, health insurance premiums and an annual physical. 

(4)

Consists of an allowance of $50,000, car allowance of $12,000 and a tax gross-up. 

(5)

Appointed as Chief Executive Officer on February 1, 2008. Fiscal year 2006 figures are not shown for Mr. Bettin as he was not a named executive officer during this period.

(6)

Consists of travel allowance of $29,905, car allowance of $12,000, a tax gross-up and health insurance premiums. 

Employment Agreements 

We have entered into
employment agreements with each of our named executive officers. We believe the practice of using employment agreements to be a market practice for positions of this level of responsibility and are consistent with our objective to attract and retain
key talent. The employment agreements provide the named executive officers with the assurances and specifics of the terms of his or her employment with us. The employment agreements provide us with assurance that the executives are fully devoted to
our interests and 

I-15 

clarify the expectations of the parties. The principal compensation terms of those agreements are summarized below; the agreements themselves have been filed
with the SEC and can be obtained through our website. 

Wallace B. Doolin
We entered into an employment agreement with Wallace B. Doolin in
October 2004, which was amended in July 2007. Under the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Doolins base salary for 2007 was established at $568,000. Mr. Doolin was eligible to receive a yearly bonus of up to up to a maximum
of 50% of his annual base salary for that year based upon certain performance targets established by our compensation committee. The employment agreement provided that if Mr. Doolin was terminated without cause or, after a change in
control, Mr. Doolin resigned because of a substantial reduction or alteration in his duties, base salary or for certain other reasons, Mr. Doolin would have received a severance payment equal to his base salary for the greater of 24 months
and the number of months left prior to the end of the current employment term, except that if such termination occurs with less than 12 months remaining in the employment term, Mr. Doolin would have received a severance payment equal to his
base salary for the remaining term plus 12 months. Mr. Doolin would have also received an amount equal to the prior years base cash bonus earned, if any. Mr. Doolin would have received similar payments if termination had occurred
because of his death or disability. Under the terms of the agreement, any such severance payment was to be made on a monthly basis over that number of months used in determining the severance payment. The employment agreement also provided
Mr. Doolin with certain benefits, including car allowance and life insurance. The employment agreement contained confidentiality, noncompete and nonsolicitation covenants from Mr. Doolin. 

Mr. Doolins employment with the Company was terminated under the terms of a separation agreement the Company entered into with Mr. Doolin. Under the
terms of the separation agreement, Mr. Doolin will remain on our Board of Directors as a director and Chairman until a successor is duly elected or appointed. We agreed to pay to Mr. Doolin a total of $583,000 in 12 equal monthly
installments following his separation, which payments may accelerate upon a change of control (as defined in the separation agreement). Mr. Doolin is eligible for continued health benefits and disability income benefits for 12 months following
his separation. Mr. Doolins continued service on the Board of Directors following his termination constitutes employment for purposes of vesting and exercise of his restricted stock and stock options. Mr. Doolin is subject to a
covenant not to compete with the Company for a period of one year following his separation. Mr. Doolin will receive no compensation or benefits (other than ordinary expense reimbursement) for his service on our board for one year following his
separation. 

John T. Bettin
We entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Bettin in September 2006 having an initial employment term
running through September 30, 2009. In December 2007, we amended the employment agreement. Unless terminated at least 90 days prior to the end of any term, the employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms. Under the
terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Bettins annualized base salary was established at $355,500 in 2007. Mr. Bettin also is eligible for annual incentive bonuses up to a maximum of 50% of his base salary upon our obtaining certain
annual performance targets. The employment agreement provides for certain payments upon termination of employment or a change in control pursuant to the BUCA, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, as described below. The Employment Agreement also provides
Mr. Bettin with certain benefits, including an allowance of $100,000, which has been paid by the company, and a $1,000 per month car allowance. The Employment Agreement contains confidentiality, noncompete and nonsolicitation covenants from
Mr. Bettin. 

Stephen B. Hickey
We entered into an employment agreement with Steven B. Hickey in January 2004, which was amended and
restated in December 2005 and in December 2006 to extend the term of the employment agreement and to ensure his continued service to our business as he transitions to retirement. Under the terms of the agreement, Mr. Hickey served as our
Chief Marketing Officer through January 31, 2008. The agreement established Mr. Hickeys base salary for 2007 at $225,000. Mr. Hickey was eligible to receive a yearly bonus of up to up to a maximum of 50% of his annual base
salary based upon certain performance criteria established by the board. The agreement provided that we shall pay to Mr. Hickey a retention bonus of $35,000 on or before January 15, 2008 if Mr. Hickey remained our employee in
good standing through December 31, 2007. We also 

I-16 

agreed to pay Mr. Hickey an aggregate of $25,000 in commuting expenses in nine equal monthly installments beginning in April 2007. Under the terms of
the agreement, if we were to have terminated Mr. Hickeys employment for cause or if Mr. Hickey terminated his employment (except as a result of a change in control), he would have received no additional compensation or termination
benefits. If Mr. Hickey was terminated because of death or physical or mental disability, he or his estate would have been entitled to a termination payment of 12 months base salary then in effect, payable in 12 equal monthly
installments. If Mr. Hickey terminated his employment upon 30 days prior written notice following a change in control of the company, because his duties were substantially reduced or negatively altered without his prior written consent,
or if Mr. Hickeys employment was terminated by us without cause following a change in control or within 180 days prior to a change in control and the termination was related to the change in control, he would have been entitled to a
termination payment of 12 months base salary then in effect, payable in 12 monthly installments and either the continuation of his health benefits for 12 months or the payment by the company of his COBRA payments during the COBRA period. If
Mr. Hickey terminated employment as a result of a change in control, but his duties had not been substantially reduced or negatively altered, he would have been entitled to a termination payment of 12 months base salary then in effect,
payable in 12 monthly installments. If Mr. Hickey was terminated by us without cause and not associated with a change in control, he would have been entitled to a termination payment of six months base salary then in effect, payable in
six monthly installments. We paid none of these termination benefits to Mr. Hickey in connection with his termination of employment as our Chief Marketing Officer. The employment agreement provided for benefits, including providing
Mr. Hickey with health insurance. The employment agreement also contained confidentiality, noncompete and nonsolicitation covenants from Mr. Hickey. Mr. Hickey continues to serve as a consultant to the Company. Mr. Hickeys
continued service to the Company as a consultant constitutes employment for purposes of vesting and exercise of his restricted stock and stock options. 

On December 20, 2007, we adopted the BUCA, Inc. Executive Severance Plan. The plan was adopted to comply with recent tax law changes and to provide common definitions and terms for severance among all executives.
The plan is designed to provide severance benefits in the event of a participants involuntary termination of employment without cause or, if occurring within one year after a change in control, the employees termination without cause or
for good reason as defined in the plan. The plan provides for severance payments equal to a certain number of months of the employees base salary, as established by the compensation committee of our board. The plan also provides for the
payment of COBRA premiums on behalf of the participant for that period. In connection with payments relating to terminations other than for cause prior to a change in control, the plan also provides for the reduction in such payments by the amount
of compensation received if the participant is hired by another employer (unless such compensation is less than a certain threshold amount). 

Severance payments under the plan are conditioned on the employees entering into an agreement that contains covenants against competition and solicitation, as well as releasing us from all claims related to his or her employment. The
plan also provides that if the board determines that a participant engaged in dishonest, disloyal, fraudulent, criminal or other wrongful activity during his or her employment that results in or is likely to result in a material loss or injury to
our business, financial condition or reputation, the participant shall forfeit his or her rights to future payments under the plan, cease being eligible for welfare benefits under the plan and we shall have the right to recover any such amounts
previously paid to the participant under the plan. 

Messrs. Doolin and Hickey were not participants in the plan. The number of months of
severance for Mr. Bettin under the plan is the greater of the number of full months remaining in his employment term or twelve. 

I-17 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table sets forth certain information concerning the value of outstanding equity awards held by the named executive officers at the end of
fiscal 2007. 

Stock Awards

Option Awards

Name

Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options
# Exerciseable

Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options
# Unexerciseable

Option
Exercise
Price
($)

Option
Expiration
Date

Market Value of
Shares or Units
of Stock that
Have Not Vested
($) (1)

Wallace B. Doolin

150,000

  

3.99

Oct. 13, 2014(2)

133,000

150,000

  

4.39

Oct. 13, 2014

  

150,000

  

4.83

Oct. 13, 2014

  

150,000

  

5.31

Oct. 13, 2014

  

150,000

  

5.84

Oct. 13, 2014

  

John T. Bettin

40,000

160,000

5.38

Sept. 6, 2016

  

Stephen B. Hickey

60,000

40,000

6.10

Feb. 10, 2014(3)

14,250

15,000

  

5.48

Jul. 20, 2015

(1)

Based on the closing sale price of our common stock of $0.95 per share at December 28, 2007, the last trading date of the fiscal year. 

(2)

All shares will vest on December 31, 2009. 

(3)

All shares vested on July 21, 2008. 

TRANSACTIONS
WITH RELATED PERSONS 

From January 1, 2007 until the date of this Information Statement, there has not been any transaction or
series of similar transactions, nor is there currently proposed any transaction or series of similar transactions, to which we were, are, or would be a party, and in which the amount involved exceeded or would exceed the lesser of $120,000 or one
percent of the average of the companys total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any of our directors or executive officers, any holder of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities or any member of
the immediate family of any of these persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

MERGER AGREEMENT 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Company Options and Restricted Stock (each term as defined in the Merger Agreement) that are outstanding immediately
prior to the consummation of the Merger, whether vested or unvested and including all such equity awards held by the Companys executive officers and directors, will vest in full and be cancelled promptly after the consummation of the Merger.
In exchange for such cancellation, the holders of such Company Option or Restricted Stock, including the Companys directors and executive officers, will receive, with respect to each Company Option or Restricted Stock, as applicable, a cash
payment (less any applicable withholding taxes and without interest) equal to (1) in the case of a Company Option the product of (x) the number of shares subject to such Company Option, and (y) the excess of the merger consideration
over the applicable exercise price per share of such Company Option; (2) in the case of a Restricted Stock, the Offer Price times the Restricted Stock held by the holder. See the section entitled Acceleration of Company Options and
Restricted Stock in the Schedule 14D-9, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

I-18 

ANNEX II 

345 California Street, Suite 2400 San Francisco, CA 94104

Tel: (415) 277-1500

Tel: (800) 981-1203

Fax: (415) 277-1552

Piper Jaffray & Co. Since 1895. Member SIPC and
NYSE.

August 1, 2008 

Board of Directors 

BUCA, Inc. 

1300 Nicollet Mall,
Suite 5003 

Minneapolis, MN 55403 

Members of the Board:

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share (the Company Common Stock) of BUCA, Inc. (the Company), of the Consideration (as defined below) pursuant to a proposed Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement), to be entered into among the Company,
Planet Hollywood International, Inc. (Acquiror) and BUCA Financing, LLC (Merger Sub), a newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquiror. The Agreement provides that, among other things, (i) Merger Sub will commence a
cash tender offer (the Tender Offer) for all of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock at a purchase price of $0.45 per share in cash (the Consideration) and (ii) subsequent to the Tender Offer, Merger
Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the Merger, and together with the Tender Offer, the Transaction), pursuant to which each outstanding share of Company Common Stock not previously tendered, other than shares of
Company Common Stock owned by the Acquiror, Merger Sub or any of their respective subsidiaries or by any subsidiary of the Company or as to which dissenters rights have been perfected, will be converted into the right to receive the
Consideration. The terms and conditions of the Transaction are more fully set forth in the Agreement. 

In connection with our review of the
Transaction, and in arriving at our opinion, we have: (i) reviewed and analyzed the financial terms of a draft of the Agreement dated July 30, 2008; (ii) reviewed and analyzed certain financial and other data with respect to the
Company which was publicly available, (iii) reviewed and analyzed certain information, including financial forecasts, relating to the business, earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of the Company that were furnished to us by
the Company; (iv) conducted discussions with members of senior management and representatives of the Company concerning the matters described in clauses (ii) and (iii) above; (v) reviewed the current and historical reported
prices and trading activity of Company Common Stock and similar information for certain other companies deemed by us to be comparable to the Company; (vi) compared the financial performance of the Company with that of certain other
publicly-traded companies that we deemed relevant; (vii) reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of certain business combination transactions that we deemed relevant, and (viii) reviewed the premiums paid, to the
extent publicly available, of certain business combination transactions that we deemed relevant. 

We have relied upon and assumed, without
assuming liability or responsibility for independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information that was publicly available or was furnished, or otherwise made available, to us or discussed with or reviewed by or for us. We have
further relied upon the assurances of the management of the Company that the financial information provided has been prepared on a reasonable basis in accordance with industry practice, and that they are not aware of any information or facts that
would make any information provided to us incomplete or misleading. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, for the purpose of this opinion, we have assumed that with respect to financial forecasts, estimates and other forward-looking
information reviewed by us, that such information has been reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of the Company as to the expected future results of operations and
financial condition of the Company. We express no opinion as to any such financial forecasts, estimates or forward-looking information or the assumptions on which they were based. 

II-1 

BUCA, Inc. 

August 1, 2008

 Page

We have relied, with your consent, on advice of the outside counsel and the independent accountants to the Company, and on the assumptions of the management
of the Company, as to all accounting, legal, tax and financial reporting matters with respect to the Company and the Agreement. 

In
arriving at our opinion, we have assumed that the executed Agreement will be in all material respects identical to the last draft reviewed by us. We have relied upon and assumed, without independent verification, that (i) the representations
and warranties of all parties to the Agreement and all other related documents and instruments that are referred to therein are true and correct, (ii) each party to such agreements will fully and timely perform all of the covenants and
agreements required to be performed by such party, (iii) the Transaction will be consummated pursuant to the terms of the Agreement without amendments thereto and (iv) all conditions to the consummation of the Transaction will be satisfied
without waiver by any party of any conditions or obligations thereunder. Additionally, we have assumed that all the necessary regulatory approvals and consents required for the Transaction will be obtained in a manner that will not adversely affect
the Company or the contemplated benefits of the Transaction. 

In arriving at our opinion, we have not performed any appraisals or
valuations of any specific assets or liabilities (fixed, contingent or other) of the Company, and have not been furnished or provided with any such appraisals or valuations, nor have we evaluated the solvency of the Company under any state or
federal law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. The analyses performed by us in connection with this opinion were going concern analyses. We express no opinion regarding the liquidation value of the Company or any other entity.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we have undertaken no independent analysis of any pending or threatened litigation, regulatory action, possible unasserted claims or other contingent liabilities, to which the Company or any of its
affiliates is a party or may be subject, and at the direction of the Company and with its consent, our opinion makes no assumption concerning, and therefore does not consider, the possible assertion of claims, outcomes or damages arising out of any
such matters. 

This opinion is necessarily based upon the information available to us and facts and circumstances as they exist and are
subject to evaluation on the date hereof; events occurring after the date hereof could materially affect the assumptions used in preparing this opinion. We are not expressing any opinion herein as to the price at which shares of Company Common Stock
may trade following announcement of the Transaction or at any future time. We have not undertaken to reaffirm or revise this opinion or otherwise comment upon any events occurring after the date hereof and do not have any obligation to update,
revise or reaffirm this opinion. 

We have been engaged by the Company to act as its financial advisor and we will receive a fee from the
Company for providing such services, a significant portion of which is contingent upon the consummation of the Transaction. We will also receive a fee in connection with providing this opinion. This opinion fee is not contingent upon the
consummation of the Transaction. The Company has also agreed to indemnify us against certain liabilities and reimburse us for certain expenses in connection with our services. We have, within the past two years, provided financial advisory and other
investment banking services to the Company and its affiliates and may continue to do so and have received, and may receive, fees for the rendering of such services. In addition, in the ordinary course of our business, we and our affiliates may
actively trade securities of the Company and the Acquiror for our own account or the account of our customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities. We may also, in the future, provide investment banking
and financial advisory services to the Company, the Acquiror or entities that are affiliated with the Company or the Acquiror, for which we would expect to receive compensation. 

Consistent with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, Piper Jaffray has adopted policies and procedures to establish and maintain the
independence of Piper Jaffrays research departments and personnel. As 

II-2 

BUCA, Inc. 

August 1, 2008

 Page

a result, Piper Jaffrays research analysts may hold views, make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect
to the Company and the Transaction and other participants in the Transaction that differ from the views of Piper Jaffrays investment banking personnel. 

This opinion is provided to the Board of Directors of the Company in connection with its consideration of the Transaction and is not intended to be and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of the
Company as to how such stockholder should tender its shares in connection with the Transaction or how such stockholder should vote on any matter relating to the Transaction or any other matter. Except with respect to the use of this opinion with the
Schedule 14D-9 relating to the Tender Offer or any proxy statement relating to the Merger in accordance with our engagement letter with the Company, this opinion shall not be disclosed, referred to, published or otherwise used (in whole or in part),
nor shall any public references to us be made, without our prior written approval. This opinion has been approved for issuance by the Piper Jaffray Opinion Committee. 

This opinion addresses solely the fairness, from a financial point of view, to holders of Company Common Stock of the proposed Consideration set forth in the Agreement and does not address any other terms or agreement
relating to the Transaction or any other terms of the Agreement. This opinion does not address the fairness or merits of the secured term loan agreement to be entered into by and between the Acquiror and the Company contemporaneously with the
execution of the Agreement. We were not requested to opine as to, and this opinion does not address, the basic business decision to proceed with or effect the Transaction, the merits of the Transaction relative to any alternative transaction or
business strategy that may be available to the Company, Acquirors or Merger Subs ability to fund the Consideration or any other terms contemplated by the Agreement or the fairness of the amount or nature of compensation to the
Companys officers, directors or employees, or any class of such persons, relative to the Consideration to be received by holders of Company Common Stock. 

Based upon and subject to the foregoing and based upon such other factors as we consider relevant, it is our opinion that the Consideration to be received by the holders of Company Common Stock pursuant to the
Transaction is fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Company Common Stock as of the date hereof. 

Sincerely, 

PIPER JAFFRAY & CO. 

II-3 

ANNEX III 

DISSENTERS RIGHTS UNDER THE MINNESOTA BUSINESS CORPORATION ACT 

302A.471. Rights of dissenting shareholders

Subdivision 1. Actions creating rights.
 A shareholder of a corporation may dissent from, and obtain payment for the fair value
of the shareholders shares in the event of, any of the following corporate actions: 

(a) unless otherwise provided in
the articles, amendment of the articles that materially and adversely affects the rights or preferences of the shares of the dissenting shareholder in that it: 

(1) alters or abolishes a preferential right of the shares; 

(2) creates, alters, or abolishes a right in respect of the redemption of the shares, including a provision respecting a sinking fund for
the redemption or repurchase of the shares; 

(3) alters or abolishes a preemptive right of the holder of the shares to
acquire shares, securities other than shares, or rights to purchase shares or securities other than shares; 

(4) excludes or
limits the right of a shareholder to vote on a matter, or to cumulate votes, except as the right may be excluded or limited through the authorization or issuance of securities of an existing or new class or series with similar or different voting
rights; except that an amendment to the articles of an issuing public corporation that provides that section 302A.671 does not apply to a control share acquisition does not give rise to the right to obtain payment under this section; or 

(5) eliminates the right to obtain payment under this subdivision; 

(b) a sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition of property and assets of the corporation that requires shareholder approval under
section 302A.661, subdivision 2, but not including a disposition in dissolution described in section 302A.725, subdivision 2, or a disposition pursuant to an order of a court, or a disposition for cash on terms requiring that all or substantially
all of the net proceeds of disposition be distributed to the shareholders in accordance with their respective interests within one year after the date of disposition; 

(c) a plan of merger, whether under this chapter or under chapter 322B, to which the corporation is a constituent organization, except as
provided in subdivision 3, and except for a plan of merger adopted under section 302A.626; 

(d) a plan of exchange, whether
under this chapter or under chapter 322B, to which the corporation is a party as the corporation whose shares will be acquired by the acquiring organization, except as provided in subdivision 3; 

(e) a plan of conversion adopted by the corporation; or 

(f) any other corporate action taken pursuant to a shareholder vote with respect to which the articles, the bylaws, or a resolution
approved by the board directs that dissenting shareholders may obtain payment for their shares. 

Subd. 2. Beneficial owners.

(a) A shareholder shall not assert dissenters rights as to less than all of the shares registered in the name of the shareholder, unless the shareholder dissents with respect to all the shares that are beneficially owned by another person
but registered in the name of the shareholder and discloses the name and address of each beneficial owner on whose behalf the shareholder dissents. In that event, the rights of the dissenter shall be determined as if the shares as to which the
shareholder has dissented and the other shares were registered in the names of different shareholders. 

(b) A beneficial
owner of shares who is not the shareholder may assert dissenters rights with respect to shares held on behalf of the beneficial owner, and shall be treated as a dissenting shareholder under the terms of this section and section 302A.473, if
the beneficial owner submits to the corporation at the time of or before the assertion of the rights a written consent of the shareholder. 

III-1 

Subd. 3. Rights not to apply.
 (a) Unless the articles, the bylaws, or a resolution approved
by the board otherwise provide, the right to obtain payment under this section does not apply to a shareholder of (1) the surviving corporation in a merger with respect to shares of the shareholder that are not entitled to be voted on the
merger and are not canceled or exchanged in the merger or (2) the corporation whose shares will be acquired by the acquiring organization in a plan of exchange with respect to shares of the shareholder that are not entitled to be voted on the
plan of exchange and are not exchanged in the plan of exchange. 

(b) If a date is fixed according to section 302A.445,
subdivision 1, for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote on an action described in subdivision 1, only shareholders as of the date fixed, and beneficial owners as of the date fixed who hold through shareholders,
as provided in subdivision 2, may exercise dissenters rights. 

(c) Notwithstanding subdivision 1, the right to obtain
payment under this section, other than in connection with a plan of merger adopted under section 302A.621, is limited in accordance with the following provisions: 

(1) The right to obtain payment under this section is not available for the holders of shares of any class or series of shares that is
listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ Global Market, or the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 

(2) The applicability of clause (1) is determined as of: 

(i) the record date fixed to determine the
shareholders entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the meeting of shareholders to act upon the corporate action described in subdivision 1; or 

(ii) the day before the effective date of corporate action described in subdivision 1 if there is no meeting of shareholders. 

(3) Clause (1) is not applicable, and the right to obtain payment under this section is available pursuant to subdivision 1, for the
holders of any class or series of shares who are required by the terms of the corporate action described in subdivision 1 to accept for such shares anything other than shares, or cash in lieu of fractional shares, of any class or any series of
shares of a domestic or foreign corporation, or any other ownership interest of any other organization, that satisfies the standards set forth in clause (1) at the time the corporate action becomes effective. 

Subd. 4. Other rights.
 The shareholders of a corporation who have a right under this section to obtain payment for their shares, or who would have
the right to obtain payment for their shares absent the exception set forth in paragraph (c) of subdivision 3, do not have a right at law or in equity to have a corporate action described in subdivision 1 set aside or rescinded, except when the
corporate action is fraudulent with regard to the complaining shareholder or the corporation. 

302A.473. Procedures for asserting dissenters
rights 

Subdivision 1. Definitions.
 (a) For purposes of this section, the terms defined in this subdivision have the
meanings given them. 

(b) Corporation means the issuer of the shares held by a dissenter before the corporate
action referred to in section 302A.471, subdivision 1 or the successor by merger of that issuer. 

(c) Fair value of
the shares means the value of the shares of a corporation immediately before the effective date of the corporate action referred to in section 302A.471, subdivision 1. 

(d) Interest means interest commencing five days after the effective date of the corporate action referred to in section
302A.471, subdivision 1, up to and including the date of payment, calculated at the rate provided in section 549.09 for interest on verdicts and judgments. 

Subd. 2. Notice of action.
 If a corporation calls a shareholder meeting at which any action described in section 302A.471, subdivision 1 is to be voted upon, the notice of the meeting shall inform each
shareholder of 

III-2 

the right to dissent and shall include a copy of section 302A.471 and this section and a brief description of the procedure to be followed under these
sections. 

Subd. 3. Notice of dissent.
 If the proposed action must be approved by the shareholders and the corporation holds a
shareholder meeting, a shareholder who is entitled to dissent under section 302A.471 and who wishes to exercise dissenters rights must file with the corporation before the vote on the proposed action a written notice of intent to demand the
fair value of the shares owned by the shareholder and must not vote the shares in favor of the proposed action. 

Subd. 4. Notice of
procedure; deposit of shares.
 (a) After the proposed action has been approved by the board and, if necessary, the shareholders, the corporation shall send to (i) all shareholders who have complied with subdivision 3, (ii) all
shareholders who did not sign or consent to a written action that gave effect to the action creating the right to obtain payment under section 302A.471, and (iii) all shareholders entitled to dissent if no shareholder vote was required, a
notice that contains: 

(1) the address to which a demand for payment and certificates of certificated shares must be sent in
order to obtain payment and the date by which they must be received; 

(2) any restrictions on transfer of uncertificated
shares that will apply after the demand for payment is received; 

(3) a form to be used to certify the date on which the
shareholder, or the beneficial owner on whose behalf the shareholder dissents, acquired the shares or an interest in them and to demand payment; and 

(4) a copy of section 302A.471 and this section and a brief description of the procedures to be followed under these sections. 

(b) In order to receive the fair value of the shares, a dissenting shareholder must demand payment and deposit certificated shares or
comply with any restrictions on transfer of uncertificated shares within 30 days after the notice required by paragraph (a) was given, but the dissenter retains all other rights of a shareholder until the proposed action takes effect.

Subd. 5. Payment; return of shares.
 (a) After the corporate action takes effect, or after the corporation receives a valid
demand for payment, whichever is later, the corporation shall remit to each dissenting shareholder who has complied with subdivisions 3 and 4 the amount the corporation estimates to be the fair value of the shares, plus interest, accompanied by:

(1) the corporations closing balance sheet and statement of income for a fiscal year ending not more than 16 months
before the effective date of the corporate action, together with the latest available interim financial statements; 

(2) an
estimate by the corporation of the fair value of the shares and a brief description of the method used to reach the estimate; and 

(3) a copy of section 302A.471 and this section, and a brief description of the procedure to be followed in demanding supplemental payment. 

(b) The corporation may withhold the remittance described in paragraph (a) from a person who was not a shareholder on the date the action dissented from was first announced to the public or who is dissenting on
behalf of a person who was not a beneficial owner on that date. If the dissenter has complied with subdivisions 3 and 4, the corporation shall forward to the dissenter the materials described in paragraph (a), a statement of the reason for
withholding the remittance, and an offer to pay to the dissenter the amount listed in the materials if the dissenter agrees to accept that amount in full satisfaction. The dissenter may decline the offer and demand payment under subdivision 6.
Failure to do so entitles the dissenter only to the amount offered. If the dissenter makes demand, subdivisions 7 and 8 apply. 

III-3 

(c) If the corporation fails to remit payment within 60 days of the deposit of
certificates or the imposition of transfer restrictions on uncertificated shares, it shall return all deposited certificates and cancel all transfer restrictions. However, the corporation may again give notice under subdivision 4 and require deposit
or restrict transfer at a later time. 

Subd. 6. Supplemental payment; demand.
 If a dissenter believes that the amount remitted under
subdivision 5 is less than the fair value of the shares plus interest, the dissenter may give written notice to the corporation of the dissenters own estimate of the fair value of the shares, plus interest, within 30 days after the corporation
mails the remittance under subdivision 5, and demand payment of the difference. Otherwise, a dissenter is entitled only to the amount remitted by the corporation. 

Subd. 7. Petition; determination.
 If the corporation receives a demand under subdivision 6, it shall, within 60 days after receiving the demand, either pay to the dissenter the amount demanded or agreed to by
the dissenter after discussion with the corporation or file in court a petition requesting that the court determine the fair value of the shares, plus interest. The petition shall be filed in the county in which the registered office of the
corporation is located, except that a surviving foreign corporation that receives a demand relating to the shares of a constituent domestic corporation shall file the petition in the county in this state in which the last registered office of the
constituent corporation was located. The petition shall name as parties all dissenters who have demanded payment under subdivision 6 and who have not reached agreement with the corporation. The corporation shall, after filing the petition, serve all
parties with a summons and copy of the petition under the rules of civil procedure. Nonresidents of this state may be served by registered or certified mail or by publication as provided by law. Except as otherwise provided, the rules of civil
procedure apply to this proceeding. The jurisdiction of the court is plenary and exclusive. The court may appoint appraisers, with powers and authorities the court deems proper, to receive evidence on and recommend the amount of the fair value of
the shares. The court shall determine whether the shareholder or shareholders in question have fully complied with the requirements of this section, and shall determine the fair value of the shares, taking into account any and all factors the court
finds relevant, computed by any method or combination of methods that the court, in its discretion, sees fit to use, whether or not used by the corporation or by a dissenter. The fair value of the shares as determined by the court is binding on all
shareholders, wherever located. A dissenter is entitled to judgment in cash for the amount by which the fair value of the shares as determined by the court, plus interest, exceeds the amount, if any, remitted under subdivision 5, but shall not be
liable to the corporation for the amount, if any, by which the amount, if any, remitted to the dissenter under subdivision 5 exceeds the fair value of the shares as determined by the court, plus interest. 

Subd. 8. Costs; fees; expenses. 
(a) The court shall determine the costs and expenses of a proceeding under subdivision 7, including the
reasonable expenses and compensation of any appraisers appointed by the court, and shall assess those costs and expenses against the corporation, except that the court may assess part or all of those costs and expenses against a dissenter whose
action in demanding payment under subdivision 6 is found to be arbitrary, vexatious, or not in good faith. 

(b) If
the court finds that the corporation has failed to comply substantially with this section, the court may assess all fees and expenses of any experts or attorneys as the court deems equitable. These fees and expenses may also be assessed against a
person who has acted arbitrarily, vexatiously, or not in good faith in bringing the proceeding, and may be awarded to a party injured by those actions. 

(c) The court may award, in its discretion, fees and expenses to an attorney for the dissenters out of the amount awarded to the dissenters, if any. 

III-4 

EX-99.A2A

dex99a2a.htm

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Letter to Shareholders

Exhibit(a)(2)(A) 

August 12, 2008 

Dear Shareholder: 

We are pleased to inform you that on August 5, 2008, BUCA, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the
Company), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended from time to time, the Merger Agreement), with Planet Hollywood International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Planet Hollywood), and BUCA
Financing, LLC, a Florida limited liability company and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Planet Hollywood (Purchaser). 

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement and subject to the conditions set forth in Purchasers Offer to Purchase dated August 12, 2008 and related materials enclosed with this letter, Purchaser today is commencing a cash tender offer
(the Offer) to purchase all of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company (the Shares), at a purchase price of $0.45 per Share, net to the holder in cash (subject to applicable withholding tax), without
interest. Unless subsequently extended, the Offer is currently scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on September 9, 2008. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, a majority of the Companys outstanding Shares, on a fully-diluted basis, being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer. If successful, the Offer will
be followed by the merger of Purchaser with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Planet Hollywood. In the merger, Shares not purchased in the Offer (other than
Shares owned by Planet Hollywood and Purchaser, Shares owned by any subsidiary of Planet Hollywood, Purchaser or the Company, and Shares held by shareholders who are entitled to and who have properly demanded appraisal of such Shares under Minnesota
law) will be converted into the right to receive the same $0.45 per Share, net to the holder in cash (subject to applicable withholding tax), without interest, paid in the Offer. 

After careful deliberation by the Companys board of directors, including a thorough review of the Offer with its outside legal and financial
advisors and the Companys senior management, and careful consideration of a number of factors that are described in the enclosed Schedule 14D-9, the Companys board of directors, among other things, unanimously approved the Merger
Agreement, the Offer and the merger and determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by it, including the Offer and the merger, are advisable and in the best interests of the Companys shareholders. 
Accordingly,
the Companys board of directors unanimously recommends that you accept the Offer, tender your Shares pursuant to the Offer and approve and adopt the Merger Agreement.

Purchasers Offer to Purchase and related materials, including a letter of transmittal for use in tendering your Shares, set forth the terms and
conditions of the Offer and provide instructions as to how to tender your Shares. We urge you to read each of the enclosed materials carefully. 

Sincerely,

John T. Bettin

President and Chief Executive Officer

EX-99.E3

dex99e3.htm

CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

Confidentiality Agreement

Exhibit (e)(3) 

345 California Street, Suite 2400 San Francisco, CA 94104 

Tel: (800) 981-1203 

Fax: (415) 277-1552 

Tel: (415) 277-1500 

Piper Jaffray & Co. Since 1895. Member SIPC and NYSE. 

CONFIDENTIAL 

February 19, 2008 

Mr. Anthony Morro 

Bay Harbour Management, L.C. 

885 Third Avenue, 34th Floor 

New York, NY 10022 

Dear Mr. Morro: 

We have advised you that Piper Jaffray & Co.
(Piper Jaffray) has been retained on behalf of BUCA, Inc. (the Company) to explore a possible acquisition transaction (Transaction) between the Company and Bay Harbour Management, L.C. (you or
your). You have indicated an interest in a Transaction with the Company and agree to enter into this letter agreement to facilitate the delivery of certain information to you to assist you in the evaluation of a Transaction. 

1. Evaluation Material 

(a) As a condition to furnishing you with
such information you agree to treat confidentially such information and any other information, whether written or oral, relating to the Company that Piper Jaffray or any of the Companys officers, employees, affiliates, representatives or
agents furnish, whether directly or indirectly, whether before or after the date hereof, to you or to which you are otherwise afforded access (collectively, the Evaluation Material). The term Evaluation Material shall also
include any and all information which contains or otherwise reflects or is derived, directly or indirectly, therefrom, as well as any and all notes, analyses, compilations, studies or other documents prepared by any of (i) you, (ii) your
directors, agents, representatives and employees and advisors retained and engaged by you in connection with the Transaction (collectively, your Agents), or (iii) your prospective debt financing sources who have been identified in
writing to Piper Jaffray (collectively, your Lenders) which contain or otherwise reflect or are derived, directly or indirectly, from such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Evaluation Material does not include
information which (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by you or your Agents or Lenders or (ii) becomes available to you on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company
or any of its Agents, provided that such source is not known by you to be bound by any contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation of confidentiality to the Company or any other party with respect to such information and you and your Representatives
have no reasonable basis for concluding that such source may be so bound. 

(b) You agree that the Evaluation Material shall be held and treated by you and your Agents and Lenders
with the utmost and strictest confidence, and shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, be disclosed by you or your Agents or Lenders in any manner whatsoever, in whole or in part, or used by you or your Agents or Lenders other
than for the purpose of evaluating a Transaction. The Evaluation Material shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, be disclosed to any person or entity other than your Agents or Lenders who need to know such information for the
purpose of evaluating a Transaction (and in those instances only to the extent justifiable by that need); provided, however, that such Agents or Lenders must be informed by you of the confidential nature of the Evaluation Material and must agree to
be bound by this letter agreement prior to any such disclosure. You agree to be responsible for any disclosure of Evaluation Material or any breach of this letter agreement by your Agents or Lenders as if they were a party hereto. In addition, you
will not, and you will direct your Agents and Lenders not to, disclose that discussions or negotiations are taking place concerning a possible Transaction between you and the Company, or any of the terms, conditions or other information with respect
to any such possible Transaction including the status thereof. With respect to any Evaluation Material disclosed to you that is the subject of a confidentiality agreement between the Company or Piper Jaffray and any third party, you agree to comply
with the terms of such confidentiality agreements, for the benefit of each of the Company and Piper Jaffray, as if you were a recipient of confidential information thereunder and a signatory thereto, but only to the extent that such confidentiality
agreements are more restrictive than the terms hereof. 

(c) Until the earliest of the execution of a definitive agreement, an acquisition of the Company by
you or a third party, or eighteen months (18) from the date of this agreement, you will not initiate or maintain contact with any officer, director, employee, agent, member, creditor, supplier, or of the Company regarding the Evaluation
Material or the business, operations, prospects, or finances of the Company except Piper Jaffray. 

2. Disclosure Required by Law
. If
you or your Agents or Lenders are required by law or requested or required by regulatory agencies to disclose Evaluation Material, you shall provide the Company with prompt written notice thereof, so that the Company may seek a protective order or
other appropriate remedy, as well as notice of the terms and circumstances surrounding such request or requirement. You and your Agents and Lenders will use reasonable efforts to obtain and will not oppose action by the Company to obtain such
protective order or other appropriate remedy. If such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, then you will furnish only that portion of the Evaluation Material which you are advised by your legal counsel is legally required and will
exercise all reasonable efforts to obtain assurance that confidential treatment, if available, will be accorded such Evaluation Material. Without limiting the foregoing, you expressly confirm and agree that (i) no public disclosure with respect
to any discussions or negotiations concerning a possible Transaction is now required by you by reason of securities laws or similar requirements related to general disclosure and in the event you determine that such disclosure is required in the
future, no such disclosures shall be made unless and until you consult with the Company regarding the necessity and form of any such disclosure and (ii) except as required by applicable law, no government or regulatory filings shall be made
with respect to a possible Transaction except pursuant to mutual agreement of the parties with respect to the making and the form and content of any such filings. 

3. Securities Laws
. You acknowledge that you are aware, and that you will advise your Agents and Lenders who receive the Evaluation Material, that the United States securities laws prohibit any person who has
material, non-public information concerning the matters which are 

the subject of this letter agreement from purchasing or selling securities of the Company or from communicating such
information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person including, without limitation, any of your Agents or Lenders, is likely to purchase or sell such securities. 

4. Standstill Agreement. 
In consideration of the Company furnishing its Evaluation Material, you agree that, beginning on the date of this letter
and ending on that date which is the earlier of (i) the eighteen month anniversary of the date hereof and (ii) the date on which the Companys board of directors publicly announces its approval of an acquisition, merger, asset sale or
business combination between the Company and a third party involving 50% or more of the Companys voting securities or a material portion of the Companys assets, you will not (and will not assist or encourage others to) in any manner,
directly or indirectly, unless specifically requested in writing in advance by a majority of the Companys board of directors, (i) acquire, or agree, offer or propose to acquire, directly or indirectly, from the Company or any other
person, any material portion of the Companys business or assets (whether in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions), or any of Companys voting securities or any right, warranty or option to acquire any of the
foregoing, or propose to enter into, directly or indirectly, any merger or business combination involving the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries or to purchase, directly or indirectly, any material portion of the Companys assets
(whether in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions), except, in each event, pursuant to any proposal expressly solicited by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and in such event such proposal will not be pursued,
directly or indirectly, by you or any of your Affiliates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act), if you are hereafter advised by the Company or Piper Jaffray that the Company is no longer interested in pursuing such proposal; (ii) make
any proposal or request to the Company or any of the Companys officers or directors relating, directly or indirectly, to any modification or waiver of any provision of this paragraph; (iii) make or participate in, directly or indirectly,
any solicitation of proxies (as those terms are used in the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission) to vote or seek to advise or influence any person with respect to the voting of any of the Companys
voting securities; (iv) form, join or in any way participate in a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) with respect to any of the
Companys voting securities; (v) act alone or in concert with others to seek to control or influence the Companys management or the Companys board of directors; (vi) advise, assist or enter into any discussions,
negotiations, arrangements or understandings with any other person with respect to any of the foregoing; or (vii) make any public statement or disclosure of any kind with respect to any matter addressed by this paragraph (unless required by
law, and then only in accordance with Section 2 of this agreement) or take any other action which might reasonably be expected to result in any such public disclosure. 

5. Termination of Discussions
. You acknowledge and agree that the Company reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to reject any
or all proposals and to terminate discussions and negotiations with you at any time and for any reason. 

6. Redelivery of Evaluation
Material
. If at any time the Company or you advise the other party that it does not wish to continue discussions with respect to a proposed transaction between you and Company, or at any time upon the request of the Company or Piper Jaffray, you
shall promptly redeliver to the Company all written material containing or reflecting any information contained in the Evaluation Material (including all copies, extracts or other reproductions including those derived from electronic files and
electronic correspondence) and agree to destroy all documents, memoranda, notes and other writings whatsoever (including all copies, extracts or other reproductions as well as all electronic files and electronic correspondence), prepared by you or
your Agents or Lenders based on the information contained in the Evaluation Material. Upon request, you agree to certify the same to the Company or Piper Jaffray in writing. Notwithstanding the return and/or destruction of the 

Evaluation Material, you and your Agents and Lenders will continue to be bound by the obligations of confidentiality and
other obligations hereunder. However, notwithstanding this paragraph, you will be able to retain copies of the evaluation material for the purposes of satisfying internal and regulatory compliance requirements. 

7. No Warranties of Accuracy or Completeness
. You understand and acknowledge that none of the Company, Piper Jaffray nor any of their affiliates,
agents or representatives makes any representation or warranty, either express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Evaluation Material or any other information provided by or on behalf of the Company. You agree that none of Piper
Jaffray, the Company, nor any of their affiliates, agents or representatives shall have any liability to you or any of your Agents or Lenders resulting from the use of the Evaluation Material or such other information or any errors or omissions
therefrom. Only those representations and warranties which are made in a final definitive agreement regarding a transaction, when, as and if executed and subject to such limitations and restrictions as may be specified therein, will have any legal
effect. 

8. Non-Exclusivity
. You acknowledge and agree that until such time you and the Company have negotiated and executed a
definitive agreement with respect to the Transaction, the Company is not under a legal obligation of any kind whatsoever with respect to a potential Transaction by virtue of this letter agreement or otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, the
Company may without prior notice or liability to you: (a) disclose Evaluation Material to and negotiate with any other prospective buyer and enter into a preliminary or definitive agreement with respect to the Transaction with any such buyer,
(b) change the procedures relating to its consideration of the Transaction and (c) reject any proposals made by you or your Agents and Lenders with respect to the Transaction or terminate discussions and negotiations with respect to the
Transaction with you or with any other person at any time and for any reason. 

9. No Solicitation of Employees
. You agree that for a
period of eighteen months (18) from the date hereof you will not directly or indirectly recruit, solicit or hire any regional or district managers, corporate office employee, member of senior management of the Company (including store
managers), or other employee of the Company identified to you or with whom you have had contact during your evaluation of the Transaction to become an employee of yours or any of your affiliates or otherwise interfere with any such employees
employment relationship with the Company, unless the employee has been involuntarily terminated by the Company; provided however, that this prohibition shall not apply to any employee who first initiates contact with you related to employment in
response to a general advertisement or solicitation program through communications made available to the public generally. 

10.
Equitable Remedies
. It is further understood and agreed that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this letter agreement and that the Company shall be entitled to equitable relief, including specific performance and
injunction, as a remedy for any such breach without posting a bond or other security. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for your breach of this letter agreement, but shall be in addition to all other remedies available
at law or equity to the Company. 

11. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Miscellaneous
. This letter agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Minnesota, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Your obligations of confidentiality contained in this letter agreement shall terminate on the second
anniversary of the date of this agreement. This letter agreement may be amended, modified or waived only in writing signed by the parties. No failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof,
nor will any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. In case any provision of this letter agreement shall be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the 

remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. You agree that any dispute under this
letter agreement shall be determined in the first instance by district courts (Federal or state) located within the State of Minnesota, and you hereby submit and consent to such courts exercise of jurisdiction. The prevailing party in any suit
to enforce this letter agreement shall be entitled to recover its reasonable costs and attorneys fees. A fax copy of this signed letter agreement shall be enforceable to the same extent as an original. 

Under no circumstances should the Company or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, creditors or suppliers be contacted directly.
 All
contacts with the Company relating to the potential Transaction, the Evaluation Material or the business, operations, prospects, or finances of the Company shall be arranged through Piper Jaffray. 

If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please so indicate by signing and returning one copy of this letter agreement, whereupon it will constitute our agreement
with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

Sincerely, 

PIPER
JAFFRAY & CO. 

as Agent for and on behalf of the Company 

By

/s/ John T. Twichell

Mr. John T. Twichell

    Managing Director, Investment Banking

BAY HARBOUR MANAGEMENT, L.C.

By

/s/ Anthony C. Morrow

Its

    VP and General Counsel

GRAPHIC

g73884g30z50.jpg

GRAPHIC

begin 644 g73884g30z50.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0L&4&AO=&]S:&]P(#,N,``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA"24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````".$))30/U``````!(`"]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`"]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`"T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A"24T$"```````$`````$```)````"0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`
M````.$))300:``````!M````!@``````````````/@```,L````&`&<`,P`P
M`'H`-0`P`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````#+````
M/@`````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````
M``$!`#A"24T$%```````!`````(X0DE-!`P`````"&D````!````<````"(`
M``%0```LH```"$T`&``!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(``#_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``,"`@("0@,"0D,$0L*"Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+"PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1"``B`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`
M`````````P`!`@0%!@<("0H+`0`!!0$!`0$!`0`````````!``(#!`4&!P@)
M"@L0``$$`0,"!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!"$2,05!46$3(G&!,@84D:&Q0B,D
M%5+!8C,T
)E\K.$P]-U
MX_-&)Y2DA;25Q-3D]*6UQ=7E]59F=H:6IK;&UN;V-T=79W>'EZ>WQ]?G]Q$`
M`@(!`@0$`P0%!@<'!@4U`0`"$0,A,1($05%A<2(3!3*!D12AL4(CP5+1\#,D
M8N%R@I)#4Q5C
+RLX3#TW7C\T:4
MI(6TE<34Y/2EM<75Y?569G:&EJ:VQM;F]B
7I[?'_]H`#`,!``(1
M`Q$`/P#TKJM^;C]-R;\"JN_+JK+ZJKG^DQQ&OOMAVSV_O;&?\+1_/,Y/HN!E
M_6'I-/UB^LW4\FJBUC[Q@4V?8L6JK4M?
[:VNEC6OS;7S7;N9]G
\49G4ZZ&^A5;D6_HL:YS7M97Z7K5U>AC>MZ'\S_P``SK0YI)`(
M):8(\#$Z_>DI=))8G6^H_66G*KPNB=+KR?6K+CU#(N%=%+IV[;:&!V3=^]^C
MV?\`!_X7TTIVTEP70.C]1^L&1U')ZSU?/R*(.+2<6UV'C6&MK?7-6+1&]F
M-E;ZJLGUOUCTUV=M^'TKIYMR;O3Q<2L;[[GEQVM&W=;;8766V._E?I+7I*;2
M2XFKZZ93;?V[F[Z.B90^S]&Z4RMK\[,L+F?KC*OIM9[ME-?J>]C_`/B/7[9)
M2E0Z_P!1;TOHN=U`V,J.-0]];[-6^H&_H&ENYF_U+ME;:]_Z3^;5]];/K/
MU\_6/'^JG0V#'OOK;<_/],9)9)/HSCM]1F/0VYC&9&1D,?Z5=OK>C[*_62GK
M^G7Y.1T_%R,NK[/DW4UV7T?N6.:UUE6O^C?[%96)UOK.5TO'PL#'#,WKG42*
M,5K@:ZR]K=V1G9#&%]E>'C-_37,J]2S_``/_``JI_4#%ZCC='ONZK==;DY^;
M?>TY=9IN+?;17OQGN=Z/J5XOK^C_`(.NSV?HTE/_T.ZZ/TW,=U;/ZYU.L5Y.
M0?LN%3+7FG#J<=DOK'\YFW;\NYGJ6_\`:>O_``2YOZPY_6.G9W4_K#8Q^/>X
M-Z)]7L4&?4LL<;'=0MKBZEWZ3]+B[_YRNGTKJOYMZ[]8>=T+)S_K3@]3R75O
MZ9TVA[L:C7?]LL=M]=[-GIOJKQA^A_2>I5>DIX=G1_KKAX@-?02?V;6+.FU.
MR:;F#*<"
_(^R-NR+:L3$V4>I^LV6VW+UA))2P$`#F.Y7
M*6W_`%MZ)CYV#5AV]8IV76],ZC78U]S76%UE&+G8^7:VVS[-8[9]HH=;^K>A
M^K[_`&+K$DE/"W?5[ZZ8O3^B=*Z!;1@86#C,MS'%Y98_*:=]]#]K;_T6398Z
MSV?H_P"?];_`5VX?UAZMUSJ6$>O=9HP3]7\5]PZ?AG(?Z61D5DU8E]C64NOZ
ME3:[UOL^/^HLNKJ]?)^SXGZ2[N?KD.IW=%/3^EL>
HS=^_8LFWZGW]4^M--O4:6U_5WH-5=72<,.EMKPUCC;8S

MRS^>]"G_``?K>HE.-A_4_P"N_4<3(Z_D]39B]9S:&C$I%>U]-1&YN,S(
K_.Y/\`/I=7^H_UAPVXC,/)H'0^EOKN%+\BRB;`TWYG5NJ9
M7M=^BRV;OU=^]F)_1OLEGJ6+TQ>?=1R;/KQU?'Z71:_]A-O]6]E):67XV,;*
M[,C+MKL;8VK,Z@QF+TW'K=O].C)ZE97_`$5)3:_Q
(VQOH6>IZ7K6>E9=]G_1U?H[?6^T;W0OJZ.D9W5
?=>S^G-S.GNP:K[L!IV!EN
M(X5V,%;FV-;4[:]C6?H_3>ST_P":_1JVDIXO+P?K6SZR]4OZ?B-.3GLKHP^L
M7O8:,3%8P/>RK%_29-F0_*]9WI?S%F1]GOL_0^HJO6^F]5L^N>/UCK>]O0NE
MW8_V)U3B6NML%=3=N+C^I>Q_[1LW6VWN_F*OL_Z?>N^224__T?54E\JI)*?J
MI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JICO6E#2I3MG=S%#'MV:U;G"ZI9`&2RY+#"G*7^P&(5TS
M>\\C;5K@W#0X>7#""/)5H@%K'!-ZL"X"UK=VU][W<1(,-W3]JLS:;ZNFO9GP
M=T]G8^R.!SLW-KH]MF3TCC,F2=5DXHSSD6$SPSQ&+S]W:EQ0<9<"2LCR,.[1
M3H&[NVUE1SUV^X7V8)NY`2*5I(>3/-AY52?Y_2F?56U@<<26URFYZKTQW+"0
MI`IAPDIB+(@B:AE>4H@M3Z-^PB_]OZ\V2UXW2)B@=X]`[I6T!L6[PH#(ECT[
M-+52!!%K&1MT
QQDVBK/MG8SY5T5MHB-A.IVNI
M.U-*1P;2[=G2MP0HX@1*UK@2D;O0!6:+(5"H\!"!&K5D!/\`QG`L8$'.,XSC
M&<9QGSC.,_CC.,X_#.,XX&O`.`<#_]!_C@*=T47I,Z=>I^R-_1%S,V1A3Z
MQU)JM-8J]@9W_,MG+B;(7")R%`J<4[9*H(7'XRZ.:H@Q,J6H_CC,1Y)$:>(8
M70=/NN
=N??\`2AXF#1UU=*A@=JMW;95"C+O:%,I&
MVRX?3Z!62,+B&'2)&>MACU.FI*(1[D\*##8U#D99REQ4@/3F@2A9]T6]5[MU
M9ZFNT.L^8D6)LQ>\S.N#8Z8H'!P=&8R;+TOQD,99'1T"4XO2*,HC!A/
WKHZ[X
M-3UA-VL,&F2'
#Z8!8I6GG2
M)"+))9!)YF0:;"$(`A"$.`A#C`0A#C&`A#C'C`0XQXQC&,8_#'`VRY
0M2G&
PD,^,K*O8F^
MPV87EM4:O5XB<8C#7-(
XKS';Z"#J)ZZ9:3[SE4PEF3[^L^&+EKLC$S6!$D"INLU<[F-)GL.3%*S83
M'S<9*49:5@@EYP$Z[ZZ19YJ-UG/VLG1^Z,.OVTLWE-3I;AV7?ID]0>_;:@C"
MO&;+1%7I'TYTD@:\3Z)(YA0-(D#4F:RW)(A3`/6Y"<#!U&Q.=5U2E2P>V;'5
MVS9<0KN%QBP+3=4K
235&`%IRO[3'D/J\^
M0RSP#@'`.!C2Y+CK#7RK9S==T3-GKRK*U8%
D$<49D*#X_!NY
M3MV[-TF@'91NA/-+W=14L>V8Q14%7-Z&/%PY&L8G5MA\?KZJ96!A9;8(A
LE/
MV!?=[SMBK6I:NCBR43692%1DE`UMB3`0%D)R"@&KG=[=EII2-M;D91Z]S<%!
M*1(2
9+4V7?'Q8[SER
=['8MNKKI96N6J!3!UTSW81QJF2HV:L
M4LYB31#HN4R.-ANEPWNL+"XPF5QJ(R$MP0'%GQUN='``4*,AQ.`<0('MS32B
M"C#SS"R222QFG'&C"64446'(S###!YP`!8`8SG.
<\#ST_N&>WJZ=_
M:EV=H3KG:I4[Z)Z@JHN1OKM$VJVV-Q6>2&56.T5S`JVA[JXNS>ND=?GSI6`'
MMH2SU
XP2968
)($81I#31E'`+/":`(75<#__TFSNW3?1BZW]
M!+ZV:5N"9+.&N,K(92*!2D,7%OEY3)O7MU<(#$N&YS3&HV]U`)S6!4EX3B0M
MYX1BQYQY"NS[9OK@==)=%4=P7+$$#5M/N"ZCNNRW!SC1;/.HS#)&G2+H%6;Y
MEQB<:DS`8UH
G%3@K^'G@6T;D]A^GO7^GJ);MU
$\_3
MJOG5X8I2ZM*N0%DIU"Y2^ND>9'9#$8TT%+2!+G9T,2-R,!P1G'`!@0@AUCLG
M["Z@ZTM.;$V[L\DV4MD=3M;/7D(8W-O2.MJ6++!Y2PJ'L;BJ$8F(2KS/6N<%
MI9:H2!D1K%@"%.2,$&`B7MSIZ=;>C]L=R'?;L+:K)L#L)")0AZ]-.8:](8\;
M%%
IE@=G4JFY]C.+*X$5!1X?6[W@YQ>2/*U^JVHVA@E2A@.9\U[62M$:Y@
NNFQ]';:TW"=@-
4VY<30!3)BQF^!!3;]L)1LH
MOI3M_P!T^P*'YUX;T6[.&&LE"X\Q4=#*3C4FS]7;&?'L)2"$#I*VQ.T$_P!/
MU!;HHE]KT%G&8,!LIJD<>?35I+(_,SR
,UXB9:LA4>#"+GVWBISFU5S55;&KU22<@C4L
TDSW#O*T]A2(I8]A5
MVW!E-4US
+NI
MZY^N^RJ_I_9J^43!94^
(`P.6<@)G%H)HZ4K%!XI[@@>@2K_
M`*]4`>34R4\@H\TH,C]A?9_JEUIZWI]E-@):>M8)(8A15;!X1].=[!N)X<4Q
M#@2VU\SKG%K1+24K0?A:K7JE*5N1)LAR<>`9Q`#0DAJOLG6VX6NM/;.U`>['
M5O=<(:9S%@OS<-I?421Q`,M4TO3>(9P$SLRN1!R13@HPY.(X@0B332L@,$"8
MOW&=CQON!VLHWJ$T4IIOO[:^B;`>YE:VPJ5T^#$];F@:
KLL"YY#%YM89Z=
MM.CM:15]8H^:UY:*ZCJM:X.!A>35YQ:MY5#3J7@E,C$-&D]C!6`A5]P;V36>
MQ/%9]/VBH'!_WFWC(01A^>F!4ZIS*1IJ8&N34X/9SDP"^J-
+A,Y=##8-;T*V+M^UZ_P#:RZ79<[9%
MG**S)1)FY^]Y.?$G-F>CD+0FS@L;.F2I1E?U,*?D!)OLN[F-&^E."4[64Y;7
MF6R]
NE.X8CIC':HC*0F/)94Y)WAR:V:+Q%K3-P$3:%8H(,
L9?)K$
W=;VRPV]>Y.J
MDJ'7)VWETQZV9FIBBG7]ED\BC5>W#L%\%](4OSF_15EL9F4M<8L9K0IDA![,
MI22)#&53>>G.0+3\B"(%?]M-+;T;X/>YW9K26PFV]S5NI3,V@W771\-C3CK\
M8[B6*US)$IVZNCLMFC@2UO@"#U1!$5>%#RJ+">L`M()`TB"NO:3:C>/O)W_1
MRA15
E]8X0GD;S&ZXKUJ=A+_R*B3LXV)
^W3HEDH+IQTH9F
M9R5.QED5OF]GI6J++*R6]W0YK)ZI;2"R\>,)61,[DHBQ9SD1F$_KSX]7C`7;
M/[;]&'8Y=/;%K72SELIHSN6FBY&[53Q
DY1[2KW"5I(`P#N;N-
MVU]TC7KIM+
M44\H+8I_+8X2@76(F7.T?23>TAR-TCA
M"EO;Y,XM9[,S'&*4[=Z%.5P#0X7L"["NRG:&=1+I6U^U`'H'7J%UAU4-77[3
M#DVN$OE+^I0)G1N:[,M<+;$LR./K4ZT+JNP9].91@#E>[#4"(^44%F^D7VM/
M:?`M>KOCEJ;JJ-7X=:U;+I6MUEUNG\@=I;9]FHJ^GS%%:_O"6H"8W`FB.HE<
MB`C
AFZN]S)HV\F]KD1?5=;Z/0J]V
MPEED$,C:A+#66R+5A=>ST<=BQ
X1YE4M3
M^O:Y2\(SG3+`LCZGV%:XDL#H4@"P:`]8N\O;UWD6%2?9E8L=,;]6ZZK*>;',
M]+O#NMK"G*[D##$Y%7>HU1+6]O'&(/(W8F5^VI+3*!`P6@?'`M8O7$",/#TI
M8!`H=5L'B-:U['6N(P6!1MFB,0B[(E*0M+!'(^@(;&AI;TA(0EDI42%,``<8
MQ_#'G/G/G/`7XH?[?5EUW[A+*[1JXVTLYBBMF2^QK.E.NZ%J-3$3&;W09-W"
MQF&;35))4A#Y6*262%*_-+8
!YS\4[":WZGN\ON!V
M;[)H!=EG;4O;T5#=.F&"M#
Z7;.];T[`=R(D#7G3&QJ05,FM&F#D0>*7"=6.2&O
M$'G:&.*FHJ6-:E2T#=D[D\.Y;6X2OZ@WFIF_+4F;LIP1"H?6'8SNYWHL)%/6
M^X5^P,LV&?)YN+?DTRU,]::RZ\,QA+2X$N[(_#8@LLB8U!:YO;V10L;R4*1A
M1-[>F&'*O*,/5[^JZ1^CW/K&KWM_M>][U_5JL]'[,??^+\SU?)]/[:/D_P!/
MW_\`UCU_R^KS^'`__]1^I&UMC<:N.;VY`A.
0AQCSXQC@;[@4V=K^QE,]2_7EN#LC5D1@]36C;"^49BR^&
M19NC[I8NU]QMJYL9)])53(QJLR&8(S$IKTJ7.03,GDM(@&FA#G&`VSO:1&I>SLZQT1."5%1[2-S>*ZD2P2)6NR=(K#4258\FB.
M,P>2@4)"S"RC_?#P&V.!BR"472572JQ9U65.U974WN![+DMM3&"U]$HC*K1D
M9(UII+_8DA8&AO=IL]%&N*@053D
-=2:O)&(A.W*7)H*?V\U.WRB/_5D3BWI)7#W?X[JT*C"#?AN:,@\(?47
MC@;?5#7*':A:UTAK!7[M(WZ%T56\8K6./
5"%(WH
!!$'/G&0YQG
M\<<"*TDT3TBF+DWO,MTZU:DSPTN3>\M;L_Z_5.[N;<[-2D*UL
H92\K.`>&X!P%O>\+[A*B^L.,/-(U&>S
MW;O%)6D:1CK9G<2E;'3&'A&8%KF=O+41:S"-P*]TM2W1H/AS<@B*,-PE1F@4
MF!7EU4_;"0"7L#!O#VHR.R;@VEO%S%=DCJ$
,1)VF*EQD."[+=(TN"_3
MJ9KAN9"Y:06L0-R!1D2,1"D(!C$#16Q>^&ING]F:QTG?UI-]9SG;:7O-=Z_M
M#BQR(]IE$@C`HHB
9"-A8>^0JU,,114?>Y(VOK0
N6ZD:]PV9QE06YQ`P*Q.W.@$;@XI"0,
2$WD_!T
MU5EC$`L7@X(B1'IIVP[@N[W:W:?L2K265%J%1%V+80RQ&3?*3K+KB5
)6LJ0K,R9Z
VW+J`DJB84S()HR%NKC7
YZ/3_:^,>KU^G_F>/'GS^/`^G`.`03NHJT9&Z\%5IS1D25S4$X*E94NA*Y\(1I8@>OD`5B,T"M.WA$D6
M'`R!T&0WKFK[1-GAG7-;[1?L58):[HKTN(^)2.!V5/[RR40?)7RS89-V*.3B
C,K!(SB"FA&O2X`0S%IPD&J`X&H-"[?@'`.`<`X!P#@'`_]D_
`
end

GRAPHIC

g73884g43g85.jpg

GRAPHIC

begin 644 g73884g43g85.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0MD4&AO=&]S:&]P(#,N,``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA"24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````".$))30/U``````!(`"]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`"]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`"T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A"24T$"```````$`````$```)````"0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`
M````.$))300:``````!M````!@``````````````-@```,`````&`&<`-``S
M`&<`.``U`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````#`````
M-@`````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````
M``$!`#A"24T$%```````!`````(X0DE-!`P`````",<````!````<````"``
M``%0```J````"*L`&``!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(``#_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``,"`@("0@,"0D,$0L*"Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+"PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1"``@`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`
M`````````P`!`@0%!@<("0H+`0`!!0$!`0$!`0`````````!``(#!`4&!P@)
M"@L0``$$`0,"!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!"$2,05!46$3(G&!,@84D:&Q0B,D
M%5+!8C,T
)E\K.$P]-U
MX_-&)Y2DA;25Q-3D]*6UQ=7E]59F=H:6IK;&UN;V-T=79W>'EZ>WQ]?G]Q$`
M`@(!`@0$`P0%!@<'!@4U`0`"$0,A,1($05%A<2(3!3*!D12AL4(CP5+1\#,D
M8N%R@I)#4Q5C
+RLX3#TW7C\T:4
MI(6TE<34Y/2EM<75Y?569G:&EJ:VQM;F]B
7I[?'_]H`#`,!``(1
M`Q$`/P#U54^J=1;T_'#Q6[(ON=Z6+C5_3MM(<]E+3]%GMK?99=9^BHIKLNM_
M1UHF=G8G3L2W-S;11C4#=98[M^:T!K9<][W'976S]);9^CK7'X74/K7UC*R?
MK-TS#QQAT@XV#@YH>W)>RIY^W^D]C_0P
G4&P,&^UE.RS)Z@YG5[*+K?1R*<7!
MQ;55PNM?6!V*_H71L"S"IR\S(P>FYV=8P?9FUL??D4,IQW7V7?8G49U&$YCO
MLU/I8U/JV>B^M)3<^NGUIS7U7]*Z`]S+23C6YM8EQR7^RKI?3=6^IF[_`.GY
M+?9TK&W_`/:[TJEUO2L;(Q.F8F+E7')R:*:Z[KW$DO>UK6V6ESO>[>_]_P!Z
M\ZKIPNB58]?1
O\`SM/Z+(_1?I/STE-G
MK/UAZSB9=V-T_H[KJ<9GJ9'4LNYF-B,:6^IZK+#ZMF175#_M.QC'T[%3Z+];
M>KYG4>F8>=B8U?[4H=DBK'N?9?16&>M7?G5.I;715=N92S]+_.V)?7@Y/5ZS
M]6L.]F*U]7VKJF9;N;55CAVVBA]H&UMF=D,_TO\`1\;(6?@]?Z;T3ZL/ZATS
MI[;.K=0R+J*:J7ORWYN14^UCLMF4[]=S\`G;_4L^A_,_X3WI3KW?7BK'RG
MX]_1.L,%=AK-_P!D+ZB0=N^NRFRSU*_SVN9^8J^-_C0^JV3=Z51R#LJ==DN-
M)`H:R?5^T#^<_1_G>@R[Z:YO!R/K)91E]/\`VR;?K#G`V=5R#E]JL>G'^K610>ALR?LWU8Z:&9W5
ZNL4.]EEN'Z^/:Q]]/J>K?77CXG^!R4E-[IW6'_`%GZI7U_J;,W'Z+A6[NC
M8./CY5OJO8=IZAG6X-%U3W;O951ZOL_2U?S?K69W>8>95F4BZEMK6$D1=590
M_3_@
GTW#Z78,6^BJ@9`NZGU5]5V+6S?L
M_HU[+:Z?1KJ^SW6_:%H8?UN;C9&0,+JS.N].P;,>O+-[`S(K;?8S#9;B96-7
M7C]197;[[?U7\_\`IEB2G__0[2BIO7?K!9F7>_IW0[#1AUDNVOS0/UO-
ZK&QW.]?JN971O^S4
M;77?J_\`-_K^75Z*71^OT=$Z>WI&;7?=UTWY+Q@55/=9<;

MVSU?M3[O1J9_.V^K6M;H/3,RNR_J_5PS]K9T![&.+V44,_H^!2]W^CW/MR'U
M_P`]E6V?\$DIK/\`JKG4[L3I'5K.E](L)+\*FICGU[]WKMP,RR78==KG^IM]
M&[[/;_1O19^CKT?^;W0OV;3TEV#19@8T&G'L8'M:1/Z3]+O_`$KM]F^[^=L]
M2SU/YQ:*22FH_I/2[.GGICL2DX!&W[)Z;15$^II2!Z;?TGZ3_C%#]A]%^RLP
M_P!GXOV6I_JUX_HU^FVS7]*RK9Z;;/=]-7DDE./U7ZJ=%ZF+'68]=-]^QE^3
M4QK+GTMVMLQ?M+-M[*LC';]DN].S^C?HE?OZ=B7V8UCVD.PG[\?8YS`T[35J
MVMS&O9Z;MOIO]BLI)*>8Z?\`4S"RB_J7UDQJ\OJN3
MT['?]LM;?DDUMFRQIW-L>[^M_G^I=_IK5#-^JO0
KZFNDDI__]D`.$))300A``````!5````
M`0$````/`$$`9`!O`&(`90`@`%``:`!O`'0`;P!S`&@`;P!P````$P!!`&0`
M;P!B`&4`(`!0`&@`;P!T`&\`
`\!X$<'879=C0>PXYR/QO`XU<_:\[!"ILH!F[PZ$J"@J8(E2P1S?%Y2@0
MQ54P"P9#*C@\='+9D!\COKA!+5JDX<)A6S]S/KOKWB_G"M.I1DIZ`ZP]T-Z]
MF
;'&QVOJ<"'F520JMA4-A94,)"L0+ENT6(-$5-
MM]-M-D@NU^`\#G3J[JZB>)J'GG2/1TW:0*JJ[')/3991!<@2?.GKQN-$`8Z$
M9:*D3TB.%'B+9HT;Z;;J*J8SM]*>N^^H4[J1]N/MR[9]V7"$5BD&+
V[QAHYG;=U>MM9?O31QK+Y*.C/R`$F^PULGMD>JQ1<-W>7S
MX+SG@/`>`\!X&D+OZ9YQYF!,91T;?E-4)&RA)N&&'KDLV&5H((EW;=^\:BV!
M&9&0S5X0
*TX9C9YAOOKG*3IB[
#@$)5(XE_4;+K^1-XRL_1%[GQP>T85"7T@$,23I!!XX
M'Z.DF*KIOJXREEPAA0)&_`>`\#6]P6_65`U?.KIN6:!*[JVM(V1ELXFDB<;M
MQ(`"*1RLZ=K_`!)K.G2^^?I2;MFZ:SIVX4T003464TTV"C<9NSMG]I[JZ1UE
MS%9,[XY]4?,,XCCZ4V4"(EX_9%JR-@7%R**D3(D8<9ZF9XJ0CFIF-"U
`\#@'OWJR?4)!057\XPM2T.T.ATY!#N9((N,)O(:(
MD#)(8V.W)
V60B=)TXB?;%3KMQNCL^_A$:USL\>H:^!D?'O%,$Y>:3::O
M2I:U^C;M,-Y=T)TC/$`RUG6])D=-\#6Y%X'%B1\?@$,;+Y8QF,C6[4,!&Z:I
M-T,*;+*JA5Q[V[FJR7>W??K#K!K+HCZ[O2K)U:YBPQR$*O9#T1[#9LPR5$"Z
MA`,S$;3,2.$-DF)O&7+I<>@'B^'3K";
C5M\Y3U+KMIJ'6MY
M756_.%.V7?5P2%**5A4<+/SZ
[#8[&QZY(BJW8,DEWI%\HDA]#=LAI
MNLX7VT33UVWVQC(4'^Z.G@_3-@T9["_8^!4G0"0(G#OI^]+45$,)M,[
D+UT="U)(+E]E/
ML$*H%N^^UPH;!F',VQ$:)YMI/^1)B.40)$.G[IN(<#OQ`Q-T.3URD$0%-!Z:
MBNZ#E=<+#O@/`>`\!X%=2X?UEO7_`-+=P7/VKT_(;WOIS;Y9D?S34MLLN(@<
M4*(IL4W#04>B*H&P%HFBDQ^$<'_*),QC539!/&R>B.$@KIQ^Y_212?LBZ?ZW
MDU#
9^>X3"8W+[2ZKZB6*ZNYY:ZU3&E7;NQ14>"DBX9&4RC'
MXU!%<8KAWEVFG](2P^I+C.[.KO9$T]PMP<5P3UV\_P!=TW):TXQYDBD.`5G8
M1I>;,%!+ZW+6"1J'Q')U@6A4Q/IH*DVK99==XRV:I8:,$EG0;U]POK-YTDET
M2OLVT/
"6=\,H-5D@F$/C;F/Q9X"C;N8P
3?"S=H3J_8]!S3:
M4,-DVC,:U_YIM<=I(I*N0^@.H)8$R:CU5)5CC#C.FVH0V>NNT?V)_:\M'HO3
M_5O8LJH;FQ(#$;$E,&OX1S_(%(B=
E<%B)(T*O"LZRL2>J.7[[*3-WD@FN[1^
MEI]QNJWUT2"="C^=N]F4W@EBS/VMI7[3JK_20E8()X^YYB8J?Q5VU5V#C@=D
MPLFY*"![E/=!=5^V^[4
<#%
M'J.XQG]OL@JB@T4
P:NZWNOV%?M-2"1
M\D\;THOQ[QIS=9[-_=\SZ4E;Z+3>43W0;+'E<,K,@D:9$2K%!@P8Z+ZQ0

M>B*PI\%*2^C,K/YV==-V`J/@&.FBSA99T^=HH_-OKHV3673TW4UV4TQL$*?L
MR]+G8?9'60_J+EOVQ]%<68S#(E'#%:1AY816&(E(6X74&%(R,AELUF/'L2/S
MY:N+_<0M?-"\H:LXG
C+2;GW2H>Q*HJ)W3J+B+K-FVZ#*4@_[&6!D3K8CLOKHY',1+
M?[3"6NZ*BV%%MPCK][7<4ZY[Y\AG)/+Q?;3OCV&S`7S1RTQ9D<"G444FAH-'
M)[;!`XF6$NHBSA\<.[H#BZ>ZFP\\]9.=DE&[=S]`5N^-^13_`.N#8U`3/V+\
M,\=7E`K\N>)T2,[DJ6>S:VK8J2T)B7.2:!+L*QMN+"VX8='`44(*O741CPLD
MY;)M]\D'#I'#%R%O/VI>S"F?59RA)^D+734D!QTZWAU.5FR74:E+3M5^))D@
M,53?)MGFH,*F@+6=E2:B>Z;%@@IMKHLXV0;K!_/Q]?O(74/[#W:TX]@GL9F,
MA$<358<.R*W+">ETXY5H0)"=&LQTYLJW,CDB6T#KT8!?:[F'[++E08/44
KMRW4=K8N)U#:`N
MN&N+>B_/I>8B-P`"(MJWDPN4`H,J-%*;.'8@2R4;182-W4
RBPP[V0U!&N@*JV2:!XM*+C$I)[AW\9Q^&PHHDAIJ\Q]R];A__2
MN[=5=-U-QMSS;'3-WGD@%;5!#B\M.*_.Q2)&5F#;?(F*1M$B\8-24MEQ;*(T
M4TRLG]T_
C>[N\ASIQTC
N/@IV4;#ZQ
MX_82@,G)*7=&SN'\2>&^AILZ`"=R9PHN.:#_`,FNB2'_``Z:C!P9CZM/8=V;
M1\8XD]>(GT1]B5O4%9QJE:*N#H&2'"($1`YB99#TK/MA:'%:M4%&X6K,RCV0
M/'.92U6RT
E67A^4.J3$58Z%I
MF9
-7>*Z(MB/"&2"\A,M.+LS@4[<#D1[W8EHD^50=M=6^V^@6&;+]R7J\J
M:EQE^RWMV@E*[/!M34;VC,X'3"821)44N8;#PM=QC8I/')IRT;[:X9[#DW":
MW\)J:Z;_`./`X%];=
:
MRN4]16.NL+9&X[,+&!81%L&ZF-5F@9Z\9:[+M\?>D`_"XX2]R7-O07;[_@B\
M>"A](]S7_(NBRD^Z$B=UO[TH6:32,@XN:U@<,C>IRIYIF.,P+=8=L9SNV(+H
M:8=MD4<[)>!T/Q_Z88O5-S">O.XNB[%]DG;<=W<)0:[[K#M8M`Z:'?>O5V32
MAZ'%&C\.K-WH@XTW7=Z.'BV'VN[EE]CE;=/P(Q8AZB/>YSF4F')?%'LOHRA/
M7?K8DFF=:R!Y4@
NS#\Q(X<7+K):.U9B-1,(+)[I+
M#\**M&@>^*_K%DZ?BE07/Q?W%9M?^S^'SXA([9[WMQ`Y89FY0ED!W$/MEDM7
MQB22('%%&(`LY=@,9R3(*[)[,"!-3+O\JS#G>X?U9^H5WN_8H;V?V1U'[+JJ
MMJ%7?1,WOR%L8U2>Y>`R]K/6,1.Q(N=NLJ,^62,DUV&S9ZE'F_T8:K"?MU=E
MD0P;MU7WD\IUK_6.HN\T>F^SN[
.N(>8.3`@NNZQCSFP0K9G<-[V$28UI4
M1(N=KZ$.5VX)1=!5(&6*I%LO-=6N-$`M!^M;UY5-ZO./(/S'3#1K)BT?&K2"
MQ[`5&H1LU=5N$6:>\CFQS39V8W$HE7B&C0:S4=/=0XE!LTPLMA#*J@>7@'JW
MH_H>@;`M#M?D,SP)8-;V?.X69K^;3QE+@Y*%0L!'#F;:$33`6."EX2]7+OF>
MKM/YV2F0ZSE%RHW4TS@*C\1Z&]I/7?L-EOM/YA]:Q+J\23,3_F[U?W;8EL#(
MGRA2E&A9.8K^:W&6K54;#;-,R:RQZ951
`?63#K
M7/0EM7061"6R>Q68$`T[@I672%^[:LW+O\?."S[[AGHVW9:L-EF>`Z]9>C_V
MH]]\[EX!V%T5!O7-08")34)SSZS>/H_&DJFA!#>&$V==+W)8<).OVLP$)34K
MLYD3%965N"S7"^Z+]@Y<:Y;AAO-]`_L+6A5]0>K*`UG`O4IR=S-70JF[HZLA
MV!4TG=YJC&BHZ86#3I)FJ)<.R5IF$W)SY`Z8-TDZ)K*OCOS;?!D.X+H_7V/<
MIPGFBZ/3%,8?4O
9[5C!`NQH;EM
M:"R!28QBHXG"X\UA<8?#)F
0^$FN=01JOY>WDPL=(G;5M&ZF;&9@HSUSOJC
M$5F&<(HH$W3U!7?5D&UHS^MOW)[$)*C<'O4]B-@V`^2;;[Q;G[FLB#'QR&.]
MU<.&+S)PQ"&U5QMRR0(D&CI@!ABZCC59-3!O;739+<.8JJYC]OD@Z0X=]*-K
M5)N6XZ]
M6SM71N,
FFB6FB26FB::>FNB:>F
MN-----,8UTTTTUQC77377'\8QC_&,>!$3[F?8!*^&N8&0*A0)"==L]52=OSS
MQ=78IBF\
W%=$Z4V*V7-C3@EJH2*-")1QLS88?
M;*N$P[5J@KMOLGMML'U"^ICUCQVRL6^%X)Y2'V/J8?2%.3(4G!?G0.$LN=WA
M9LP4#[B6S]11VIOJJFWUV34V^O3.NV,9P$A7@/`>`\!X#P,5+P6$2"1Q68GH
M;%3
LUB<>W-#M<(.\M%4
6^<:XY"YUICF*HV[]"N:.KV.5W%UC
M&X]4\5:`&";9S(I(Y$C@XQ[*9.1^8B4<(-&R3@@Z65U23QO].`WUX#P'@/`>
M`\!X#P'@?__4GI]":>EBG?;GU27?D3DNO'VQ=+0YL=*FM2;W_B*A](Y#J=C*
M@_YEUX^E$@Q1XS;M5_H5U8ZM\:ZX;ZM\Y"9GIKI2FN/Z)LGI'H"8-(+4M4Q]
M20RR0.4E72V$]G#<>+$"1S?7=V7D,A,O6[`
=2PHO&8/)!Y*O?6)0EA-7>Y:F.?D?Y$OKY
!\^`\!X#P'@/`>`
M\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\#_]67"O!75E.V%W+;OHOE//?7M'ROMJ[4NEN1
M;Z"V)3YFJNW=QT(&7L_J*\9-F)A)?$TS;1H4(,OJ5$:_=*-Q3Q3Z=?B#C:?U
M$+*WKS'>O[1/6@2/2HU.1V>8.(*]J>TF_"D)FB)M@U:KW'
B$YJ23%B&VB
M"[YB>DB3)HPVVR^(.&&7+=,+F\;_`*[_`%T#_4/PO]3_``HO^K_UO['^N_UW
M[%#\+^!_&?\`S?POXWXOM?M_^Q\'T_'_`+/X\#W7@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>`\!X#
0P'@/`>`\!X#P'@/`>!__V3\_
`
end

GRAPHIC

g73884g43x34.jpg

GRAPHIC

begin 644 g73884g43x34.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0;.4&AO=&]S:&]P(#,N,``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA"24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````".$))30/U``````!(`"]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`"]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`"T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A"24T$"```````$`````$```)````"0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`
M````.$))300:``````!M````!@``````````````:````F`````&`&<`-``S
M`'@`,P`T`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````)@````
M:``````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````
M``$!`#A"24T$%```````!`````(X0DE-!`P`````!#(````!````<````!,`
M``%0```8\```!!8`&``!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(``#_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``,"`@("0@,"0D,$0L*"Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+"PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1"``3`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`
M`````````P`!`@0%!@<("0H+`0`!!0$!`0$!`0`````````!``(#!`4&!P@)
M"@L0``$$`0,"!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!"$2,05!46$3(G&!,@84D:&Q0B,D
M%5+!8C,T
)E\K.$P]-U
MX_-&)Y2DA;25Q-3D]*6UQ=7E]59F=H:6IK;&UN;V-T=79W>'EZ>WQ]?G]Q$`
M`@(!`@0$`P0%!@<'!@4U`0`"$0,A,1($05%A<2(3!3*!D12AL4(CP5+1\#,D
M8N%R@I)#4Q5C
+RLX3#TW7C\T:4
MI(6TE<34Y/2EM<75Y?569G:&EJ:VQM;F]B
7I[?'_]H`#`,!``(1
M`Q$`/P#T3KN'EY>$YN(\[V`O%.D6.`FMC]^UOTO\&][*;+/3^T_J_JU6874L
MOKEW0'9>'D/IOZ+D'[2ZC98Z^N@.JS&>E=L]7T=V_9;]G^WOQOT=>)]HQ_1S
M^M?6O'ZS?9TREC7XPL?CV=.R36W[=[C1=BAQ(RND]0Q[:_5Z=7D_9KLMZT_J
MST6^^H9G41DS7D?H#E;JKKZ*@QV%D=4Q:K/2MZAC7-]-F1=6RVZFBJZZGUDT
M@W8^K-&<3C..>E>J,@+EQ=OT?F=GZOYG5,WIM63U*JBNRUK'UOQ7N?78Q[&V
MMM:VUC'T_3V^EON_XU:222
_$Q[Q8U[;]PIR!N
D_P!GT_30+<
\$%N[7UVM_P;4)_1'NJ-
M8%&T.!8'-M]C$E/_T-SJ7H?\];=WI;_4Z?N]#U?2_G*_1_YQ
M;/T/V_?ZG_-[T_\`">C]O_0?9EW*^54DE/U4DOE5))3]5)+Y5224_522^54D
ME/U4DOE5))3]5)+Y5224_522^54DE/\`_]DX0DE-!"$``````%4````!`0``
M``\`00!D`&\`8@!E`"``4`!H`&\`=`!O`',`:`!O`'`````3`$$`9`!O`&(`
M90`@`%``:`!O`'0`;P!S`&@`;P!P`"``-@`N`#`````!`#A"24T$!@``````
M!P`(``$``0$`_^X`#D%D;V)E`&1``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0("`@("`@("`@("`P,#`P,#
M`P,#`P$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`@(!`@(#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#
M`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#_\``$0@`:`)@`P$1``(1`0,1`?_=
M``0`3/_$`*```0`"`@,!`0$!```````````'"@@)!08+!`,"`0$!`0`!!0$!
M`0````````````$&`@4'"`D$`PH0```&`P`!!`(!`P,"!P````(#!`4&!P`!
M"`D1$A,4%18*(2(7,2,D03)1,R4F-A@9$0`"`0,#`P,#`@,'!0```````0(1
M`P0A!08Q$@=!41,B,@AA<8%2(Z&QP4(S%"3PD6*R%?_:``P#`0`"$0,1`#\`
MO\8`P!@$97#<-=4+74EM2U9*BBL*BJ(2QR
]B-.,WZA2-;6B+]RIU>G,_T
M)2I"`C./-%H(0[SXMPW#$VO$O9V=>4,>"U?O[)+U;>B2ZLR7B/$>0\ZY#MW%
M^+[;/*WG*GVPA'HE_FG.3TA;@OJG.348Q3;94-L?H[K?RO\`74)C5$AD<'CT
M(D8)#5S0WNBQM;JJ;6I64$RX+`?FG8BD\C3EB`(2@&S1$&&@;V_1IIVM*N!\
MO=M]YOON-9VY3MV[<^ZVDVE:2?\`JSDNDE[^CI"%6_J]9>.^//%'XL^)]ZW+
MF[Q\W<,W'^+-N3A&<\Z
>'MF5GPEN
:S
M:(5O$9'/I_)66'0J(,ZZ02B4R-Q3-+&PLK:0-2N
Q"$+7_
M`(:]=[UK`()Y<[0Y<[3AA\]Y@NB(VTP(3OK/!+.8X-4GCBC9QY)),K@\E0LD
MUB@UHDPQ)OR+>ETJ*U\I/R%[T/8&3V`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@
M#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,
M`8`P!@#`-;7DR6K$,*Y"$B5J48E'DEX+1*!)3S4XCT:N_P",$JDAVRA@V:F4
ME"V$PL7J`8=^F];UAE7K^QB1W4RQ*%^0/A:U:^2-S/,I9U=6U6W?:L4OF1+[
M+;P/-=O)46H]UYZ4RA%%B*XG\?$@5N[@6#YT24S[H4)IBD1ZB%71HTS2>V)I
M7'.%17W3MR6#_P#9+JWEKKZ0][N#98\IDKW'26&YJ[83K#.8SWIU15._4ZOD
M;M&F)0D2)#&]``181#$C-&,:O5JFB+`'C@9876G0G>M#T1(W&1
[)8(K8-D50YN]O1>,RY_>)$M5I#PM;`^JB`KC22%SZ=[2RMC%H0TOH
MF^IJ9JF\+VY5X'NN=6G)))8W(74*?O*',DNV!6OD'(]]D6_?]60AA6#1_;>5
ME,W0L8T`2%OIHF.R@\7R[)(6Z&(:FJO]3(3G'N.[HFZ0WG6L4$(5SVQ'7B*J
MH;-[_L.R%M20]O5^-&L;[E:HV.%2(W2"2298C,0-++'0M);R[K#%JPPQ1\HC
MA*+J9&6OY*.E:P+Z%D0HKR2\13A^,TJNZ10`M*7HI-<3S9L$BEA.YW-8E"#Z
M;)'T[9+"6YA'("EQK^_$G(0?"(OY!B43I^IA])^I'CF.T)OT00S/,TU6\C\U
M,F;84XKW%H3N*Y-=O#K7%TD@T>68>RLS&J?/>M&(G9C
)-
M25Q@[FG6+MN1AKB'2`Y'LDD:D.PHM63KY.X1;MH=1^."-\_VPHJ6U@*^L9S7
M$L"8>KB2Z702J8C*X_'YZV)-CT]UY,!HAM+P6$!H]-C@<,H!@]:+&9$Z5KT,
M,&:T.R>9^P[VL[H*Q*S4=$7#R9S#)F^M'M-9,TIVH'&SNK['JR+4-4T+JI.]
MV!9TI*CT93$I4[25M0^RYR4G#/VDV-5L71K3I4@?I#I>P.CT#+=,F;PU_*I?
MQ?S#^RQ6+NKT!B:Y/&?,[4M;OQ[4%P&4XD)W(+`=Z`4>Y06G/V08,ST$(0):
M_P#7L?_0O\8`P"/;7M&%4I7,PM:Q7;\)"H,S*'Q_<=)SE9I24D0"BB$J1.$9
MZM:N5G%D$%!U[C#C`AU_KZY\F=FXVW8F1G9<^W&M1K)TKI^B6K;>B7N;_P`6
MXQO/,^0[1Q;CV+\V\YUY6[4*J*
.`.`D
:[H8>'"5&K::;C%M=U'>O.,8I6]R$VFG-/A)YF30B
M#)D-@]$3UO`J)+7:)22"P9*06:F'-IF%*<>JC59QM2::%`WE&"$/T^L4:-08
ML7AS[)R-H\=;0L;%2O;Q=CZZ.
]W)X'C[`N.+[:RM8MEM-8V/W)1O9EY*+NW9))?ZDHQA&S8=?#FY==7;'D#J
M-[DTTDB^QYI:K)*I!,6Q8-N=(Y&X>;^S/BB.F$;`0PIH]%F0XMN)*T$DG8"B
MPAWZZT+BW:7N'(>3X,[N1-YEV_&4IIT<5'ZFX^W;&+[5T5$COUY%L\-\,^!>
M68>V[-C6^.X6UW+%K'G'OA=NWU\-M74ZNZ[M^Y%W9.LI5E)OU5X)3>-0H[:0
M40JL.+D7`Z1PZ6(*^,
Q[W+`CGPVR67!;A*'
?8NT/(VWBN;%
MKDTH1QU.M3*WR^&-
8,I,4?9,"
M0@5.$.4CU_>H
][0MY`-BP"W9"IO#+)BC%.Z\ED;G4)E#<0[QN71
M![;9'&G]K4A]R=P9WMH4JVUQ1G:_[3"3!AWZ?ZX!VC`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`
MP!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`
M&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8!U"8U_";"3,*2
L`CL[F+G-1=.NCSZ*J4^_0I"$0;D.@
M$8,L@)29J+8$QNI>-M$]:7)X\4%N`I^;[(&X.DFAZ3ZT7@M72E=#]8[S1SM$
MI+9TQC%%U(P2JZB5B:WI`TU[%4+M9B1R";IT1SA:0U@.DJ)V&>88L)5[-*5G
M&F&'!&8,8A!5^YS]24I3]!Q+4"I&L('4L+_)K7H47KR+,T28S7EQ"0!>[*&]
MD1HTZES5E)2BS#S`B-$626#8O86#6A.I_".D*?05@\4HDK.%$U%(4TP1/M;:
MCS:*%NZ2P7=Y?YNF<8^,@3:K)E3W(5RI<$9>]*#U9HQ^HA[W@5,3[[B7C(J.
M/E5WTRT\A5]&[E<(<4GB5S?XS8&Z=.%4Q)HK^$KTS9+S$X%@Z[AJ)`T)%X`Z
M"U(_@3Z-+"8`(FA57T)D
/3GBN)BZ\T4")ZI!F:VJKY`MJV#A4UNP1?\`
MY+`AC2PUGUID;(J:7M0W`!L);:?ZG)_B,WL>PJ_<[FCHCG]U,,DR.KJT>-21
M%9:@YV#'&)V1R%LOH4?<+8&>:,A2B>&RUM1QM,>-"^0EU`D)V;H80AP*LCA+
MP;Q.BK==3R7D[GDFK725H9TYP(%1PC]7<)FV$FI6Z4KFK;+M,K?D*!08D*5&
M:$<6B-&FT+1`Q%["K]S\F6Z^&+0
D;
M4>Q25>[NS._JR:W9G5F8S4JDU4-(0,A(,`M^TH6@A1^Q&MK2[QDVK60^C+JE
M/(,[J.Q&Z-58*W;%?:Q>X3*D<5E#S+HO`PR9_5GM2Y7&):K<'$A`$S:A"J^P
M=["]A,$$->AP8(/XJ8'-(?0J=BXQATZM*-Q]?!*J1!JY@>9W%E]D);8B!T9C
M"0Q(-]:W&SXX2]-.DY1@5#@@`8FT+9`?8T'U=3__T;_&`,`XQZ96>2,[K'I"
MUM[XPOC>L:7EF=DA#@UNK6X)S$B]N<4*HLU,L1+$IHBS2C`B`,`MZWK>MYHN
MVK=ZW
W9>+N&WY5RQG6+D;ENY"3C.$X-2C.
M$HM.,HM)IIIIJJ-8MLMM)>)'E>T;(Y[HU:XK7V2DC4%)-.3YL+\^C<"XVMGL
MF5'GN[;6&/ZR
?#;N";)F9>U;
?\`-H6[%C&='+LM_P!*UV.]'%LQ2MSS
M,A+OG*E7G*MNS&VM#7+7*UC]SRNR^\.T7]_'04.2R:?3:0+S#6]QL\J$H%
MKDOAT(`#9!;)!(XD;!)%!Z319"4HGZ"+T.T:8DXSV79,KD5W-Y-R"[-[7;4K
MDY/1W>Q-N$/:"IVNE$DNR%']O>;R=Y1X]X2VOC?@WPY@6%SO,E9Q<:U%*<,)
MY$HPCD9-:NYDW935R,;E93E+Y[U8.,;N/_+'8L9YFD71/2K5&655>LZ3.$*H
M>&$H]:B=<(Y8Z&O4HDZY$4!,C1L,-:D3:ULJ`C6MJ@F&)PZ)3%&BUM>R;[9V
M>[NN[6[,?_I7$X68T^FWWNLI/TI!)1BO6K6B3,]\G^(MR\D[?X^\
%+*OZS"/(!U
M;*9(U11KD6[,C3L_/2ICDEER5J.TY%S5T>-G(3F2N&,:;0P#",DI<`D)16@H
M0"^3)^'<:R]TS%R?>[TXX\9_)%RDXRN26O>WHU!=:U5:47TU."?R3\X<
F5$"WLE24(Q,?LLP
M)9@A%&:#S#@[IMVY_,]OS+=Y6Y=LNUUHZ5_BGZ-53UH]&>;W*.#\PX5+;8
L)GZU(A)BU"R$3QI%^1A
E$+XCS-;^\Q4
M\NFLY#./'1V2^Q2\*N99D56LQ?*CZ/HJ8($KQ$;1KX+L2CF<34IW1,)O<$3J
MG1$.\<=?B$%*XIVUV2[]Y!`\`W=]]^!.M!E^03QB6"AG/+\BKT=Q.%3SN2
M)$$BA,'+:C7MZ<8A-I$N)3OB.,ITZ@M>RO2@E\;CDAA&E#@I]20`:8>%O)QU
M]X\I7^9Y]LI61#G!>6NEM/2W1\BJ>9;ULC1YCG%3U!06EX/)3@+_`"K4:@=0
ME@T7I1\7N+$!?'\\@7CWN4+#7L^
4H(9,W<8"2Q!K2Q
ME`$+0ZG+59N@)VIR"W/!A@OC3DJ]`V=L#?1@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`
M&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8
M`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`-!_E@D,.JFYHC=<55B=>C6BB5L&;.?K&Y_D%UTIVA5$
MIGQXG+GML7-$?>!0^V290F*4D*4YI9FD[@GTL3JT(C=IHS5'V]",K4[@O`V9
MGT.9+)DVV45V'V"Q3VMGRM`JBT_-1/-EO3>EFMU7.$*/BCE$UCH4T&MIX%!A
MKQI.,/O4$A4:P5)$)GWATM3,5N)RKN[;M2W1_P#GYQ=*>9>=]5S&Q4K^/<*E
M4CNR6P:"1:A5Z-**C6IL
OR/Q6P/;7\WCRR7RZ4)HVIA$>?7B(2J5N7*G(S+.WMG?%*A0F/9H
MGKZQ"\#:I,&K1#]2)+T-'Z)8YK^?K\YVYW>Y?UQP[4K?S1=
'/JDI6P1YTN<`:H_)2-:E4)!*DJ)*-'L>_=HDT:O5-]3NC8Z50S]
MA'=HRJN7XWQB2'I7I\R+;4TW*7F"?Y+E?(_/%?[MP%;!BQKL"/6?/(),&)M=
M!MGPB=5/PZ]FU`C`O[B>E/\`,?P<)S1\]>)?F%S+?D/0$*MKE^
P]9/T/__2
MO\8`P!@'&/3*SR-H=(_(&MO?&)[;U;4\LSLC3N#6ZMB\@:5
]\KWI7-VLV,G+M?//N
MN9>9)*%.Z;K
*E5?BIDZ(Z(9E*&D4*HM?"(.O*
M-3*[<5)3/<6Y.18OC-3UTG/!Z>NO0;N(.P`WI-H0S<&X5PJ6ZNWNNZ0:VU.L
M8/1W6O5^UO\`]NBTU.U_Y0_E%:X):S?'_C_,C/FDXN.3DQ:<<",EK"'5/+:_
MA834G6Y11A+R@>1*4])V"^4O5SN9&N9:Y=#8TPL<=,VW(+%4Q\[:#
BTFB
M`J8_HY-Z,S?O6DR=(`LX1>CQ[]FV\QY7>WG*G@8<^S9K3[8QCHI]NG
G\D
M>B5'2IF?XS_C[MGCG8<+F/)\19/DG<;2O7;MU=\L175W?!;
)[QI=/55*H1U!*[1-I1G>4"-:HJ1$U;?)'8$(<0EJ],D_3+E"
M1FBB9S3#`>0'XUSFC'L(O8C4A_MRGA'$-ZP[^-O5[-_VUN23^-+NE<@]>V:;
M2BFM5]TEUI%G`GY3_D?XTY1M>]>,]KXRMYR[,Y16=*?QV<7)A6/R8KBI7+[@
MZQEK:LW%55NVWK9=SF$\X"FE_*5\<6GR/L7D8JUCUMWC!+!7O2:1`0'1B^.&
MJ"&2N;-5!![=FJ6)
C#!)#V[^@2DA@L`J9L_8_5:WF!%P=';&E2F@
MGFR39DEJQE3[4+'V4OHT!!$<*4)"#7U?'5+Z3I<2Q%#^D<\*!JMDC4B"/0%J
MKB_^*_%IGRDZOG8T[G-<],V0VI'>%-$&4M2UJH4CZXU#6VS5G5DFI+`D3B8<
M`3VC+5HRDI0?J)%19X1K1`1MQA_%DM1HZL
AT.>=^\MUW=P>>GNP3G.S2*7E/0#RSPR.OT]#':OB
MC2)^4/#L&'('M<:YN[(48L;6Q&0K
F$<%'2IF*D5$+DJ9:F$(:
M98G)5)QB+-)$,A06$TH0BC@%G%"$6/6]A&$(@_Z;UK?],$/HP!@#`(AOR\('
MS93E@WK9RAS2P"LF`Z2RE0S-QCNZ%-9!Y"
2%>5H#@
M@VI;SQ;$$H\8@#T$06#.&&LH#-[)E)BDJ,5[$)+.)&:B3"6+"F&)LJU^=S$B
M0`@C5*0-Z`S99>MZV,>M!UO^N`83.?E'XI;>?J8Z4U;:9QKJ_P"9,->5>E:F
MY4MF3Y.'ES+:5\941(/L=&MPB"L0OS0E&BR4`0A]Q@MGIM'JE[76A+E+=I\]
MW\[=$1RM9D)SE/+%CS:K[GBBU"
]@W_`$]<$:IH0RU]D5T_=+3;EJ/0FZ9!-ZV>(RQ6
M!+V2KWMQJ:&.
N_ZX+32I_G,7
M95<=9H')^K*%70UPU&E6JFV?V#6#U"X)*P-C\OC;D7#Y.X#&W2`Y`ZM9X#@D
MB]2]%"WO_3>`U0AYW\I/*2:NFVRHHXV!;#7);=L>F8&PT]`7:R)A9$AJ-"K=
MK&D,$CL<&I5/<"BK,@.6*'G>RDFTP0#!L7SI]'2I>UG//?D@YV97>CAZ0V\\
M5CT&FK(4`Z'8:DE[GSX4ZW(N_&5K&)/9):,"6.2:1.0RDYB4\CU:SU!0'$20
M1@=;M249_]._Q@#`&`,`X]V:6I^:W%D?&QO>F5W1*FUV:'9$F<6MT;EI(TZQ
MO<6]86
LT7+=N];G:NVXRM23332::?5-/1I^
MJ9]&)EY6!E8^;@Y-RSF69QG"Y;DX3A.+K&4)1:E&46DXR33354ZD>VVD>&^E
M+-0P!,2A?T-6S1)"D:`DE,0C>$T3
G6E/0W_B=W$R.:<:O[]<<\">Z8\LB4VVY
M6W?@[SDW5MN+DV^KU?4\[.L'./LEEUX\RQ.!7%6B
MYVYA.-R,9PDG"2JFM4T
M^C3]F?SIW[%[&O7L;)LRMY%N3C*,DXRC*+I*,HNC4DTTTU5-49]6:C\CI]A0
M&'VM`YG6-@L2*402PHL_0N8QQQT/:%\C,F;%+,]M2KXAE'`*7-RPPO8@"`8#
MW>X(@BUK>@/)X\B?&5@>.+LJ?42X+7@I-%W='.*9GA0S6Y=)ZW=ERA=`YBW+
M$@RAD.Z`U"8B6&$"#]=Y;E("]_[>A;`](7Q"=@SWN/@JF;UM&+O4>L0U*XPB
M8NKDT[:6JPWV#G@9%EF1,($Z1(J89CLK2@W:8HM*E==+$96M@3:%L#9E@#`&
M`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`
MP!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P#7UY"J'D70
^-[VH(2NK,4B>`%*$H`GFG%G;"$H>O7T%3H:V>AO%?JDDK!&
M.**LE;RUF\>^5&+R"5N,O0.DU/LV\:8J>&\]0E7*I$Z-CRH;F]-%-1Z,@]PD
M[2W-9?V#@F#-4GRAJ4J]?='[QCAR^FB;2VZBZ[G+;<*CR'+')KD:6Q#R1*N1
M'SDM@B#^2-F)F?ZV.)NMF_9)4I1I=.)ZI.48,`BB2!A"J_@06B\>78L'Y:9H
MA2<5L6"6)/\`@&I6;H9E2VV>G<+!NZ%7Q6K[-X,6].EA":V.?R&EOV9F1N!!
MZ=L^D?INVI3IA@$4%57]*D:V%QQV/JEHY%ZVYGZ<=`,EB6Y/JN/G\WKQEGU(
M+@F<_2!G8ZR@=>=@(*[K./3"3L\C4I'1
B"WJTB=L3$O8!EBU7N=YI2M
M.B;AZ)OF<
AUN;\2=B2OGZ?P*M>8NAZTG3OQG/*
M_P"K7"V>E(U9S-U]T>XN%8@B4@@;6=<5@(7!S0.["^NP),L2Q(PIM7B;MEZ+
MV6FV+55ZDL79R9V$?8Y\OCE$V_8KHU>13HVW(1'#)Y#D](2"L[#D]*)(^^S\
M(+SK:?UVYM\?9'5QC$F8R796T')E"-6VB(>6(FO[#
+^HT\?JB
M8PR7/D2ZMI*+0R4*6$2^5OL6+GU8,STP.K>Y',2V/35V;PFMZO[&DXRS=""8
M,GVGF4T]&C6'9/B5AK1R0T3^L*/6G=?2>#\&,\LB('IHTQQ225[
AS*'Q[7XVQ3HKH*G
M&M'4_:3-V!V],*U&^K4((IT=S9;USR.6(:@M@3(K4[70V=,B[3E'S%1A*R.O
MNR5.MI?
1F.7'S_S?T#4K
MBLM@]\ZGN9TZ#BV^<.CJ5AU)!@$*8D50`LF0",GCFK:&)*@.'&6=0S&(SCE!
MI_R"4I(7TU9`M-\*7U92SHVEX(P]5>.OC2R:4A\465]8=T12ZGQ;<2R>+GZU
M%M2LR6S+2!7\#F$1.-:GPY.\("G@"[>R$A.O<`@5M:>K.D4'QOV)QG*:\O!N
MJ62]"-5)=1>11I:*1A)%*5?(U=7=$K(Z"NK=A*$+Q'(2CCTE=:U;SE;1M42>
MPMSQL*)"(I.,@(-IZ')[XZZT;*K\:O,`:)LTR4
1A[3%
MJT%6)E1"A*GCRLLLY>`6U;@`!^TR9`!:!\4GE:I[R<4WIZ9_Q\'O^#-Z$JYZ
M9,7;,5,BPSVI@3&'B4B^V^5T_*M?\=1_>>@.%]17OY-%&J`*R/DQX_=N1.EY
M4S(FLXFJK"7N
FE`<
MZR\NV&YL.[W[2A_PKK<[3].UO6/[P;[7^E'ZGN9^-_EO$\L^.-KS+V2I
%'M:FEJ#_MM\&G:XX6]-K8VZWHEL
VS'2U=?2*](3?I%=(RZ16CI%5767\I_Q8W#>-PW'R;XTP'>S;S=S.P;
M:^NY/K+)QHK[YS^Z]97USG6Y;4YSE$L^I%:5>E3+D*E.M1+""E218D.+4)52
M8\`32%"902(91Y!Q0M"`,.]A$'>MZWZ9S/&49Q4H23BUHUJF>:-VU=L7;EB_
M;E"]"3C*,DU*+3HTT]4T]&GJF5
:9\2:7SDW.J>9Z1*0N,
M.ELQEBU$*60>1I42GZLA9VMC94251KY`'(G$Q0$H1"I.$T/"O-.79%CD&&MG
MRM,--2:=8RG)_7"23I**22?JI5I1I,]-_P`8OQQV??O$')K_`)(V%J7(KD'C
M]T>S(L8]B,O@R;,I+NM7)W+ER<-'&Y:5MS4[5QP>QF_O'WS7Y>JZXMO[H^"2
M*).\10L%GCBS.ZEI5TCA
1I*X$DEG`3C2C
M6'#URWM6;/<=MP<^Y9^.=ZU&?;6M.Y5Z^WJOT/.[G/'+/#^9
9*QM>BXS(+1ILBD;TJ>U;*8NDU%T1)/787"MI=7T231!F4%$JV.4K9$JFR@
M>SD[L4-%^+."(@W7R#(E2]KH_
/8"_=H*,CB;>0WGQN@K?;U4V-6%ZU'&;E@%57U+JRL5DE!M--UF/`8
M9&YLY(H_IY`X-*.
J7$#/\`I[(-"CZ>I)/8_64.XYJ`%DR5
MH4RV1R:6,%9U172!V:V!PLFU)>)4"+Q(N0OAA;+&6P12%0M='99O:9J:4:E6
M,)GPZ*&"56/^H':MGGBR-/U>MBU\ZRGY%=O.V6>DN#-6SL&EIK;+BO:79/
M&3B+&;"%D,&VD&`_%`4E*`J]#UH.B!@E6I%K?V1
>;>Y@_QS75Z2F\
M(?05K(K;9I?(9.MHIE=Y6X/TYK9%&4&X-%K`B+*>O9#BW9Q/+#]
>T('R'V86S0TD%6S1V.?$*HH9&WQ`20MVG$8-4E&`Z
M%HO1F47%/1TRZKI%BNJ4P2L(&WR\EK=(HW5?>Y=^(S&5R8FMU,(E#\36M:$Q
MB9,R]<:B<&?1"P20XC?O/]V]E@I&J.A`U&>0![>K#Z
RHJ7#C3%+2H2C-6IA_9("$K97RPK7
M2A!$2\M$UNF&P,SG/E-WGEO6O;74$3@-4V!8/^)S4U<
/2=T
95#*&AEMBL.>'N6
(HS**AWU&[`:8TTQ.`?K3KJTU=?Z/)52$1#DWZ+3G@VGT;K^[%1V
M_KJ?_]6_Q@#`.'D4A8(BP/
'=T7
M&D(FYL;4*
@ZWO`,&N)?)IR%Y!5=HMG-EA'O[U4TC6,\@C
M\A:QQM_=&`M7M&U61&6A8>8M=:]D2@.PI5@@$J"1^TM8G2F&%`,`U?><3P@Q
M[NV-.W1O.3,TQKL*+-(1N+<6)*T,O0;"TI=%IXY(E!GPHD5BMR(@)+*\'"``
M\L($"\>D^DRE`!08I:Z>@^'.@VFRJU=I-4%XU!)E[:N0N2%4VN"!P;51C;)H
M1-XRY%D[6-:P1!J)T:UI7L,#[@##H6M;"!Z'')W67(_GUY&=(%.VU%#+SAJ%
M$ML&O4BPG]NJZ8?!M`@M*KEJ[Y%+Q`W94:(L(QZ,T6$T3>X!V(11A^S[WLF#
MOV%/"S8:=8R7W0E_-%_WKHUHSD7Q?Y0Y3XEY3B\IXODI74NR]9G5V
Z4X_>W4^31-PF]6D''F-%OPQL6N,4/;0[]Q)
MDF*("I509TT4+6C4[C["=FA'I,>J+!\N^O6^\3W?8;D_]Q8=S#KI=@FX-?\`
ME_(_TEZUHY+4]C_$OY$^.?+>%BPVS=;>%R:22N8&1.,+ZGZJRW2.3"O2=JLN
MUQ^2%J3[%BJQ7G=D6BY\(C%PVG'(6J+-*4Q%BL&6M$74%*-CV>4>P-[NG:CB
MSMF"]X1%;T+W;]?7US9+>?G6;+Q[6;=C8=?I4Y*.O71.FOKH

M--Z]=R+UW(OW)3OSDY2E)MRE*3JVV]6VW5MZMGTYJ/S&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`
MP!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`
M&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`K4]<57:4%N"\*_C$/.E,CN3R:>.OK2GW.7(9$ZU_)&)6\
MUS6
UZ6!]"'0SDD>>$1I9/L%K60UIZ+]C(ZL?%E:,>L.
M4VC-972A[O9T&[N*FD*AK"_MU?Q";=<%U"SL317K>Y-9YRB%,4?J\T;RK5`2
MK5[BZ*C0I=Z/'K%"=VE#IKYXGK[.@MD4NSSSG5;7O1L$Y
5%&.@``:7U&
Y%XIIW,C5
M+6[V3$&!AD?3OD^MZ4N\;*>QRA/!^]:AM^KHD2S@.;$"97-8-_D1$I7!/4$I
M=Z0>A!YGM+Q0=W^!C/+?'=;U5
65S8'5UKO2R-0
M>8+7J36#-S>@[`G;'4\%JVJDKR\-S4P(RT#:L`-.`\[["%,6+77]C:9Y!>-G
MOK5GHARBZ*EY1(J&M[=DD5ETA%7";T/9[.ZPR309_C,[CK>4M&%8D1R/3@TK
M]HE_TEZ0/^QL)HA!II3I4B.HO'C/:NJ[QQ5\.P(@\'\;7=8UN3D].DD+
3Z,;4#U]AGM)U*="]WW?J%W-G>2SO
M:2]5+7ODF2P%LB#M5%%QN6*KE5RBGJX7&*7)[
%52AQ=M
0VU>FN9+J?'SC1Y@_/T58'`BM'I1>`&(J^
M9+'&IIMJYV%K;VL&UCI'TZEX:8*0[KEI;4W*Q*SM:7J!B("JHT<9!N6?(.U=
M)]-=`S9WXEFCA=L.=Z]A.Y*FNJ4**WK"/MKJ=6--IV43?&F%17SI+5VW&9F%
M^Q<]*%)I@=A^%*44%51([URMR)TWSH\W%8:)RY8CTOZ2O6*3*SJRK2)SZ/4=
M7=<1*L'V(?=J9J">B<%]RS*4EM#D^N+DG3-ZXHL\&RM&A)-V#:9%5>>+)=:E
M@='SWNQDY^
E!W=*$?P'Q2WES7(RKBY7LZN&FZV.]NS'UF2W-([LLN
M"OU$=.NK:OB#!+'5Z>G:7?Y`K13$6-Q4'E_.%^
:>)4)0O=7KT.$9
MO#O;-
NG.2U#>5/R9:W.#>YHE*!8D6H%(D,CA4UCBX).G%F<0E&
M)')N5`^,XO>];UH6@B"!Z:/BO\J-,>3>FM22-"1PN\H4A;R+HIA0M^9QC#BH
MUL@N2QDT_P!A[_7S\J+%M&L#K9B8>_K*M`.#K9@&!'G$\'D?[JCSOTCS:T-$
M9[`C#3HQU:0;2-#)T,R-*4)::/OZHP1"%NL=N1$:)9G@\0"U)80(%YFD^DRI
M`!0DI6Z>A.%NB&>RJY<9)4EX4]*%C>X-;N@6MJU*N;E0V^30:
JUP/U]#^\N2JAZ;B:`+.58;`<3*XH,[[8HC/(
M^M4QZ
,*'Y*UL*0YU7*"529F$ZJ56@)][+``6QC-
MWK6OZ[S:,O%V;!LY&Y9&!84;4'.4E;BY4BJOTJW1&?;!O/D;E6X;1PO:.4;G
M=NYV1;Q[-AY=Y6I3NR4(IQ=SL4:O5M42K70CSCKN2E>WXW,)%3Y$R:Q01Y0,
M\C8ITS-K.]I/RR=4I9G(H#*^2-K4-KJ!`HT5L*KY@B3CT867_;[OFX_R7;N1
MVLBY@1N1=J24HS23^JM'],I*CHZ:UT>AD'E[PGS+PKN.T;?RVYAW5G697+-W
M&N3N6Y?&XJY!_):LS4X=T.ZL.UJ:[92UIF/F0'$`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`
M8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@
M#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P"&>A[;#1%(6;;@64V2K81%5[FQQDD_20
6*3&Z:_RC?N"N!;B)24)4D"924.NV+Y`Y!$.TP
MY%7M4L.
MFUQW))9$G:TB1A,<$"-?[B2#'(8TWV`HJTJ2YU?U=>%#0*N[&BM/PE
JW4M48JI9:%ROE7I;)OAHKZ.H;U;J[A;
MD(4D?Z95+IXE;F,P:HA*V&)E``DFIUYL+1::D_+>IK6D''<1Z)J!KJ^?OBY=
M(=3MP4LMX-D6AS3#%\Y9I>%+639!)!?#]-&.9Q,F,*(Z6U%N*9W4'FF:T2C,
M`.DHJT,5)IY5K)KUGJBR910L3#6]W<_.-MUVSM-B.KK(E;ZW
WKJ=AL?R!],5E&;E*>JFH-5/
M.;;')KBQ4J2R)U^+M^<2ZL:1M:E:AYYCY<)531YLVXFBX%+
C4H47\#__7OP2&0L$18'J52I[:8U&(VU.#[(I$_N*1H8V)D:4IJYT>
M'AU7G)T+:V-R(@9QYYQ@"BB@"$(6@ZWO`*;O;?\`*[#$IZ\0GA.FH;8,98%9
MZ$5R7@&5Z8I
FO>!+_`(SO
MY.3=T=<$1H+LRL854$CL=X;8Q!;:K-6^$5N.7.QH4;3'YE&Y:[R%[BJ1\
6*J8O%[XE\
M+4MZV-2"V&EYD@?C_)MH3$;Y(X]"S6IN
T]&=K`+0W\8&M)K
M`/%ZV/
UHV7`T:\)Q8D$*^C$*]+"E).%[BD+E)Z_=%Y6]!"`T*OY
M0ZV$S0Q`6!I-&F"91U]B4J:$+_&9,TN##(&1S(`J;G9G=4IJ)Q;EJ<>MA.3*
MTAPP##O_`%"+/ROV+639NX]^VIV9Q<9)]&FJ-/\`='V[;N6?L^X8.[;7ESL;
MEC787;5R#I.W
8\_\`)_.O*.X86Y\ZW^>=EXUKX[5;=JU"$6^Z7;;L
M6[=M2D]9R[>Z5(IMJ,4L@
Z19X.*^=@E38G/$%,I<8P
M^D)EY!1O^R::G"`S6P;%K8J='4Q8F_C;YMMK:U]LYBDALXE;/,T=A/R(
M&BDBFS%\3D$_2D)F>4EJT4>
Z/AJ-SDY-UJT9RAW7DK%
M(HP6>Q%Z`B,("E"K)LDW)-(RVY$=Z/3)(3)N0\022+T:2
HGPF&2&20DN0';0+%*(9P#"4@Q[&-"BVG"NE#HUD\%\_P!HO$:?WLNR
MF1ZB-K3N[H\Y0:VK!@ZIMM&Q6E`Q2*7D&1I^;_1U+9D0DR$?^K<2K5A3?'I4
M?[PJSYYOP52U@S2*6+(Y7T(.<04
;[2IY5.55HKR`]%W*$I+
M:*V9-<[4V2U@)F)6D,U/?&H!9J[7J,]M-.0&Z&B.,($%6=B1\'4*TQ:/1"/*
M;BC#7$%K>\Q`^.WW<36[Q63E?Y5_8YFPO!,SVXH9E9&[ID0I6YZ,VKDIBLD;
M@,\Q&C$0%6=6,\9W')[81&%5;/*V`)&!2QHZM7618ZRKTJM;2ZCGA7+R8(HE
M1D?U/U%-+5#()[V3MPV%0:K^3[XQ*MJ#N9\Z[QK\X+Y%'YJ)TOE+/HY(99+T
MU@H>B[E2SE?+9K&XU"'V4.\G!,/R;@_&0&&M4?(4B'H:9C0%(BO81[P#4'
&'P/<>=Z
(A82$E0T_F8A*&Q!)(G(%:!.-8L8WI(WK@%KTY0C_KK
MDYNB##BM%&F`7O87_)3\6@WB/0-[MVR@;(2-K0X6FXU!-PP9
_I
M#GA2%
A4C2[:GJ#OWQKQ`$`&E#$ZHT:IGDC<=LP/Q*V]0I2G:%
MK99@M;UO`-SOBP_CZ=(]?S:.6)TY#IASURZV*T;H\'2MO51>T+51`&([]=@$
M8=$X'=E;G(!80*'YP3D)BDYVAH@+3=""6!Z+T)A<4KB'16OH(P-L5A,'CK-$
MHC&6=.%*TQ^-QYO3M+(S-J8/KHE$VMR0LDL/KOT`#7KO>\`[/@#`&`,`8`P!
M@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`
M,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`/_1S*\]
M7@
[2K%D1$BT*4"T(2E\9B`@TXZ
M`8L2@VMV<4K`JP\">0;H7QSW27<%$/:<9#FE)9["KB1"7*(#9D=(,--(:I4U
M(U20W[C4>>8:W.!`RES>:89\1GQ'*"C@,BZ#YM[<\[7:5DS+3BB
75+&W*PX
6\)YIK0ZEEF*&M6/8M!.(,4IE`%D3S1>>GF3JW@ADYYYI(>9%+N
MDF^(OMMII.QF-YE'L40ES9)S8@YF*R#$#O/G.51<@HHQN,4(R6P(U6CPB/2Z
M$!RO\4CAR=-
;M*UDACK"'"DJ7`O3&D?N1SG)&5[L*9M_R"*&)HCIL1
M2-*8_032%:E6N!K81H]^H%V;`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`
M,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P
M!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P!@#`&`,`8`P#__T[_&`,`ID>>CP,_L/[GW!Q##
M?_@UCS:57,Z,&O1_P!>@U#VR$`W^0]1K$@?M?,2J`U9
M^$/PAR?OB2M?0G0C4]13CJ*O6_@*V-2SO70+VRK=EN$2BJHH9#BA@B%8G$F>
MWQ/L`A&!,0(#=+`*3V\#T9HO%HU"(VPPV&1]EB<2BS0WQ^,QB.-B)E8(^Q-*
M4I"ULS*T-Q*=`V-;

GRAPHIC

g73884g52l57.jpg

GRAPHIC

begin 644 g73884g52l57.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0J04&AO=&]S:&]P(#,N,``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA"24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````".$))30/U``````!(`"]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`"]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`"T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A"24T$"```````$`````$```)````"0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`
M````.$))300:``````!M````!@``````````````(P```)X````&`&<`-0`R
M`&P`-0`W`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````">````
M(P`````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````
M``$!`#A"24T$%```````!`````(X0DE-!`P`````!_,````!````<````!D`
M``%0```@T```!]<`&``!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(``#_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``,"`@("0@,"0D,$0L*"Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+"PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1"``9`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`
M`````````P`!`@0%!@<("0H+`0`!!0$!`0$!`0`````````!``(#!`4&!P@)
M"@L0``$$`0,"!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!"$2,05!46$3(G&!,@84D:&Q0B,D
M%5+!8C,T
)E\K.$P]-U
MX_-&)Y2DA;25Q-3D]*6UQ=7E]59F=H:6IK;&UN;V-T=79W>'EZ>WQ]?G]Q$`
M`@(!`@0$`P0%!@<'!@4U`0`"$0,A,1($05%A<2(3!3*!D12AL4(CP5+1\#,D
M8N%R@I)#4Q5C
+RLX3#TW7C\T:4
MI(6TE<34Y/2EM<75Y?569G:&EJ:VQM;F]B
7I[?'_]H`#`,!``(1
M`Q$`/P#I\3K?ULS.M]8Z/2[IXNZ2*7,>^JX-M%[?68UVW(?]GVU^U[MN1[U9
MZ?\`6;JG6NB79/2<*MG5\3)^R9>#DV0VM['L;D_IZP-^VEVYC_\`S[Z?IV9G
M3_VE_P`^/K;^S!0
AJX^B-[]O[GL_XQ#ZWT*WZN?5IKL?/R#F
MW]2JR,[*K/HG(LR+657^JRN=E&QW\PRQ)3WB2Y#J6)F9?UZ;@GJ>9CX>1TQ]
MQHHL%8:YEU-7Z)S6;Z_4^FZUOZS_`,/Z/Z)46=0ZK]4LGKO3K,JWJ>+B]/\`
MVGTVS+<;7L)+\88V19^C>^MU[/W_`.9K24]ZDN*Z7T[ZU.=TKJ%+@VQ[JK>I
M9%N;;
Z_C_7'#^K]1Q/L
MV?4^]ESJK#8QM8L+JG-;D-98]WI?SOZ/_B?9^DZI<7U?_P#*ET+_`,)9'Y+U
MG_7/-RL;I.?F_M3(/6\&X/JKZ>^W[-CUFT5T8^8VMK<7U;,=_J7?;OUBRQ_I
MU?JJ2GL>N]4MP*L6KE]0R68F.YXW,8YX=99?:P/J<]E-%5MGIL?\`I;/3
MJ_1^IZBQ>HGJ%=_0OJSU3.?FOZK;E'-RJF#%=;3CU69+<:,=WZ%CGOQV6>C8
MQ]M5?I_X6U0^NO3QF=2^KSG9.33ZN8*8Q[34!NJO>;6;/=Z^FSU-_P#->I7_
M`(19?6_JQ53];_JUB#J/4K!E?;YNLR['6U^G0U_ZM
K97_P!I_0M_2*UE81Z;7@],ZAUB]_3FTO8&
MMLL/4
;AWY=.#A]
M/KR+JFY5I99;
IB_:/6J24__T.TZ9]5\S`ZY
ME=:/4W7V]0V?;:74L:QXJ;Z>-Z6W])1Z+/Y;_4_PBM_6/H5G7,2O$&6<2IMC
M;7EM;7N
_UOTC[;+[+5YWUK_Q
3E=*Q(^RX18RMX#3NIJR,VK]8OHJC^99Z%;_`.9MWXOZNI8W2#T/
M/ZE]8,SJ0-66&V]0WU-:T-QZWU4^DYCMU>QCO?\`SOJKH50Z]_R'U'_PK=_Y
M[>DIY_)H^W?XR^G9&.[?5@]-?=:]NK(N=930WU![-UNYUC/^#K2M^H-]O1\S
MH3NKVCI60Y]E%(IK]1CWV?:A]HRG;K,NIF1^D_[3W/\`H?:-BH_XFO\`Q,Y'
M_AH_^>J%WJ2G`SOJYU'-_9K[>J$W=,<+FV&BO])>`^MUMC&[6LJ].US/0J_[
M=]12ZE]7,O.ZM@=6^W^E?TQM@QFBEKF[KV>ADOME^Y^]K?T;?\$MU))3A]1^
MKV5F=
T"UH9?ZKBX66;MNYGNK]--U/ZMY63UVGKO3^
MH.P,IN,<*\&IES7T%_K_`*,6%OHW-M]WJ_I?S/T7\YZFZDDIYG`P<+ZE8_4,
MSJ/5B>GY60[(:+VM#FVVZV_I*P;LNZS9^:W_`*TA]%^JC*_J[CXM1LZ6^Z]V
M?9522US'6N]6K&L]S7;\2GT,7_K"T?K9_P`D-_\`#>'_`.W6.ME)3__9`#A"
M24T$(0``````50````$!````#P!!`&0`;P!B`&4`(`!0`&@`;P!T`&\`
4$Y.D1+"%)B/Q9PQG!HRC<*DHR,@P9V!R%CJD
MYG:7>-L671;:6F;FT
22Q!1B5H\F_HJ0Y"#!.@.@.@.@.@BFZ)I8T
M`@3C)JLIYSO67(CT^$]=L\RB<$
3A"QC
M`L?CGH$T\9G.(HY1+.L^!TYH]=$(8:(D[!%+RG=B6-5+>WUX[2)3*4:)"!B2
MNQS[*7(I1#E^#D[>49DD)6,C$'Q"\#!]G0'0*$V_W9W(73ZW==>+;7VH=C;^
MU]:8`[WJ_P!Z6.?`ZJKMTLIO72"&U@W)&Y4S.4WM!ZB"(#PI3Y=V=O9FU:B,
M/4FFJ@D`".=VMB+?F-N<9?&\NF+QKW;^_+=8DOV=E=&RPY#-ZRKV@*8Q9=H0
M6HIV#!CC&U=C3H.(ZBDB?.'!(TD+#T@P*\E'%A
,*-F]D^)_4'6G(7?
M>AXNZ0RR(BC!AF9/6<`6F10),XDBYJ+.
0`2I&!8JQ^B4(7
M0/U=.6NH6_D]KWBL'3-^MUTSI@F$P+L:5Q-HBM/GP^*5[*YSA^ACXK?E3_/D
M[FIBIK:$Q*VD(RE.#L#4^(0(D005L1SUZY:\\@43X\72B=J)7:+NW2UX>9!'
MZ;E*AN7(V2M9A-(TAIJ+(VYQG5XN\WD\9)8$I[:WI(\0:J-5&NW@HU&,!"D0
M^X_IEDV]ANI.XFFNX&@SC;KZB8J5L39:'L3)%I8
>5(RL#-`#@-N]T:HTXC]?'39NF,^LJZ9XVU90E#U6VM;]
M;UVV(Y8"=F/PEG>WJ-Q](A8VWO+GAX>')L9&="#)BM65D9(#0K"Q
I;=<(;AM,?8$7.Z_?#E43M)`G>4@A-;@
MV@;SAJ22DKBI.4)@'!%6Q?/!IWK3N>NT>FT3OY7:+!7TAL%_=4%3/J1B<0H&
M-2LB$)JI`\8;Y9=<[LZ3A3L3"7'&Y6T+711DD+CXA)Q8`F+BWY1(]R>Q"]I,
MRZX7WK
WE53R",WM'B&5V7K\-P'=/@&$XL8;Y.VMYI?K;,:$1[.
5S0_P`7L4_X_?W0.HV5YBXW6T/LN=:H:G[$\@D,HR2R"-7I
M8^NZ6*):IKEQA)!:V?LJ*8RMY1.5GRB'-YP35B>)-3XW)1X&0K<$AY9A00LW
MJ'R-T;N]I0V;ST+'+8DU>N#7+CAUPGA.'.Z$\EA#BM:'R"%0Q@='A$ZRH:]'
MC"0*->>D4E'DFX/"6(60!EHX5N2ZRH!+Q,G+CXY#[^?+CY&;3GCN@HZJJY
MF2ZG!B6.K>AJ:T12BX89ECG$1;22D1B))YU,2!-W0'9P'&.@XFS?(I.Y3]P[
MQM7FKX[N0J+FU=JY?;$S:[R6JJW2[%649*X?>S
]-
M?<2-"I$<(L"DL`Q`"YNQ?)VR5ZY6_`M4=;[PY!+GH94G;+B@.MY,6+CU5/RE
M%ES*BL]L>8O;0Q^]Q-Q8QBCT>(D
'*A!.3/7NPME]>=;MD&VNH>I>F2)%6,;KQ'Y#<$UCJ)8K
M>H-`VQHO^1%,CTA."B3^9EAT::#37-.(M8,D"HU.$3PCFDA$UUHN;:SZ)MVX
MQ6%.6M&**"5*&;6='([,N&2;`P[6I1!ZR;D&S3FD=?;-E30@MQ>'!2V1X)"5
M5X"\\XG).0__T;([@1IDF?WB6F,/DJ+U*.2O3N8QI_;LJ%23#@R/NNVVS6ZH
MLJD)Z5
"FYTGLI6ODQ5MA?@@[J8:W)&,@#GN=N,=`C#;;_-7<5'\"
M^QG[O;(]!\MU``Q]T]PVF8"'`Q:F;8@$/LQWA`!5>R60!R+^G(09,%G&/]'>
MS_KZ#TWW9=5UY8_$=+'!]:2G2WHC>E!YUN3)"O$E+M:4SL9F@CK%HN006-Q=
MEKW6D@?31(".W)^40#NZ(2<&0A2+?IEDKESJ\#E,;(V/8]5Q$_3N>1-JLNNK
M&
+YNVU-N;FG.K-FQZSJ-775M18
H`
MD0HFE*Z;"'N*M:K,&6!*D3(P#&88(0<``'.
IP2,!(1?\`:)_X-,`_Y\7Q^\R3H.1]MY_>_P`ZG_MOV!_>B4]!\=Q/
M\UEQ(?P5;*_N1M!T%G_N?O\``XW=_P!UH3_R
&AJ%`E3HD:
M;336(LA*E*`002#X4A(NZ646$(`XR+.
1)D&S5E.VUVU%KS5]KC7ATVE?E^5UF`8#$+=8-QWG,FY6('BE-C4R1,*
M?)84SV44,GQ`7C]I<4[D5_RE$/Y[6J?2>16P"GM4QH5+6RJ7
J*"
MC?\`;!VA_])\
D/(WME]7-?I&]JAL\;81K,VQUBC[
P#^(NVN[-&H^T/\C5S!]:V1K;G
MF6+V]J:5TG=42$A.X2!8U,21`R-JIX5EC4&$(R"4I(S,@*``&`AP"A[EXCWN
MW]]*_P"1(6\5\Q"\Z;CTT@E,MS'7.NRV"P&M9O[P3N<),8WRK'%7+2BVV
?=]$5TNK^%5-0U=69A">VD7,96,4"Z*IO;K0WJSR6AT?7=
MP2L/F#3FQ&D5"PH"'#Y2N)O77E9JV%0RX7285U8U220V7TG>U9*TC?8U8/JP
M;:-V+;#ER=0D<&!_RS(Q+49F"QY.1)SR#B%!!1H0CW5[BEF58RN%2W;G?W:C
MD$^)UK4\U#!+S7L;%4\0EK&=A2PV/(X/&P'&VO9L64A"
6=7^N)B@
M+BTZH@/+69PYNEF;^0;DD6;T7^Q['55")#5U7FM%<:Y#A,2K%^'8>!0T^+N5
M4+@20I*FL]U+PO7G'.(\F`'XV!%@R$&[0UY;4Z8$#<+%:IW8$!C<5)L%6)1&
MT4G,6+VH6$TJE,5CV$R2*BF1C:I6$%`2ID8NPS"8/A%]@0R0?:KTB7+:NY<+
M%D[<
ZZCU\^ZRQOD5VU?M&'23R60H]6DZ6N88M3H)2M4+GJ%GW]&V`
MNXFN$OBE48:Z((VNC0'$\T\P>0Y5*\'A)7''P[._&A3]H4I2^].PSW"I*\R=
MVJ5BD\6J19':24RYV8'%\>V]A51)Q+G4N7IXVG3"4NQPFM.$U2:C;4AZQ48<
M'J-$N)9;H)9-RSVM-S[UFC=L?=SYL#?D-L"!:_J6JPK%DISFJ?G%.ZQVKX_(
M(>G
8-
0.`5O6:>>PNK8RZQ"*UZ
MP%1EK2FNM;Q")CDBI4T(TI9QZX!AF
6QUD2H9[LU5U
UBC.0CPV@<&$""0%-I)&
M`N.%:
!
-\
M9?4CZ#[>OCO_`$@>E?\`:]\*^0\;U;Y%_:7T7S'<_7/*]!L]K7S_`,=0/U7W
MMZG[-C/J/R5[;^1?/>C(O-^_/9O[(^\O'[WJ?I?Y=YWQ/+?U/
>'Z'\6D^>^L3ZN?ZWWGZ-Y7VY\#?M%Z
M'YOR?YIZAT&@_A']K?RP]7/9/TO>U/0)CZ%]'?S%\'>0^1I=X?I_U`_VT^^N
M]V^[?
CT?Z)=Q/
MOOGV;Z1\32WU+W;\8?VE>V?)]_S_`+>_//*^)Y']:\+H$=?:?^S_`.6"H]E_
M3-Z?\Z3CU#Z=OG3U/UGT6*^=^:OG[]IODCP_#\+TS\A]$\CY7]/Q^@TV]!__
!V3\_
`
end

GRAPHIC

g73884image001.jpg

GRAPHIC

begin 644 g73884image001.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0("`@("`@("`@("`P,#`P,#`P,#`P$!`0$!`0$"`0$"
M`@(!`@(#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#
M`P,#`P,#`P,#_\``$0@`)`"F`P$1``(1`0,1`?_$`'P```$$`P$!````````
M``````D`!P@*`0(&`P4!`0`````````````````````0```%`P(#!08$!`4%
M``````(#!`4&`0<($1(`$PDA%!46%S%!(C(8"F%"(R114B49<8&A,R9B
Y:E>4[@I;7&/.A-X#8ZXMZ@II54YP5?+"-,:`
M5:"!6G`/?`NLYA\^9"Q[%.\[=?'#O(67@(!!+
RO9I\WM]E.`SP"X!<`N`T,TV"UUT]^E:]E/?7X:TK72G`!>SQZXN-O3
M4F#5%LJK#Y=QEJECRXL=O;DQBUD3E5MKF+V9,W'.08:^DW*(<#3TX'(K]LL2
M)%0@UH()=0:"X`F&/=Z5=^[>-MQCK/7BLBE=SS:-D/OG'H_%YX8V#1HUR1Y4
M,4>E$L);&YR`JI0HM0H`K",H832BZTI2H/IP',3291>WD1E4\FSXW1F'0F/.
M\LEDC=U`$C2PQU@0'.KR[.2L?P)TC>VIC#C!=M0@#KI7V<`)+'[/[-3(K*ZV
MC)'.G;-(3T]KL0-^F40R\GT^C2.6.S>2T&.T-D#C:9O5K7*&,EP.:GHVMSIR
MW8Y,K`H,+)T$6$(<7BMTX=>"]&>V+2C)R\^/F)^%D]B%@$[-8-
._2A
MAK++BR^Z+P[M[J>\0>`*PIV=H84]4A!RDM2K4#$+E!H%@VRMM2K-6>M9:(B3
M22:$VNMW#;>$2^8*RE\LE!$-8$,?)D$D7$EE%*GQW*04/5#"$(:G#%I33@'.
MX!<`N`7`+@*6/5'`73[K#HZ5H6#F#MO&A&&[:
S2E--:
MZ<`Z_P!Y1'[=J.GM8>4K0IR+X,N4<2;[++$-1@EYGBL8DIDP;V`U*,+E4CD-
MR%08$K7:I(3BIH/;7@"B.W4.PPQU@/3^Q[S]FD7=
&;,3!$R)D-*-C7(XD8"7J5)1KF:>E,+,H;LK46@>`E#FYU3\).GHX0N-Y,
M7C;([/;BK&9)!K7,*15)+D20EZ>0,"=[*CR.NULBY+@(03G1>>D1%\HP-!B&
M&H>`AM>#[DCI(60O0&R4QR$=USH!V$PKKAQ"W4QE5G$#J2IHC6E4N2V-IC&\
MI&Q37:I5-E5R,BM*T$;J&O`&KC$]B$VA[%<*'R>/R."2:/(Y5'YBT.B1?&WB
M.."(+@C?4+NG-$D-:CT0Z'4.W;*%ZUK6FE:T`8$MZUV$\32/LSY60,IL#%)$
M.+RW+6#8[W/EN*L;=4R^C4XF++R-3*8S+V)J=-4ZIV0%+&H@T-:"4:4UX"8%
MZLXL3<=["-F3]X[^VSAEAWYK;G:+7'62-(J9)JG>&T3NRIX,%O$K53!R>V\`
MC4B9O`>>:`-:T#V"T"`LS^X&Z8$"E>,,'D5\7$F798QRWTOMVQ(86]NJV,1N
MZM45+>N=U@H0'`MZ.2=_*&6F55&K**'0TTH!5:#J`E-!5]E??^'`6XIY=FVMD;;FW(NW.HO;F!L#6W#=I/,'8
MAF:4?,2$%ID9*A4(/?G-><+EIDQ-!J%)M:%E%C'6E.`&;87KL].G(?)E-B+%
M;D3R%WO>U%4T&CEYK07`L^1
^HQ4H#UV7^X1Z3T0LU:.,N>04N2.D9MA`&)U;$
M>.>1"DM(X,T2:$"E&!6GM8-(>42I3#``P!@RC/:$50U#7@`>_;X=6W"NPLQZ
MDI]]KI2>)R#)_/\`DUR;9(ZVJNG*%3['YFN
^+M=^[T2=FC41M4V>Y
PN'A
[Z5I7@'5E?55P
77<7OF+MP1"HTW8@]N[C3YF9@E=[+6#
MFZ*'19Z>8*6V."$U$K&ZIDI:5:'DF"".M*5#I,>>H_BME792>9$V"DEP+B6>
MMXF4JG66MME+OH0OY:,M:)<&WK6[0M$[W).;S6XXD\#&0N$4H#RJTWUV\`R4
M,ZU73RG]G;Q7^B]V)LML]8=QB3)
*+"WV;69HDDVG\?M>P1%OHY6\2JY),
M39U*F]">UMQ:I
DM3:&%;@#!0P(=P14UI4#S,G1^L4]7[@.2V4-V<@LWKIV@
M5FK;,!R7ET=>K?6D7G+"E_BT/M9!XC"H4)^*4IB1A7N"5:IWDE"W;BP5"`E?
MN86UM#DOT)WFJ!!XQ7J&1QL$[T2)Z.56WS5:!1X<)?R^]5154BYG*J/EU'\6
MFO;P'I]VW"8<]8\8&R)WC#$YOA6?5J(I1V6M2-4N\LR%EDHWQ@.4&DB.4,[H
M)"34]*(523:@I40:UIP!^\R\&<9\N\6KB8UW3M9!%,#=H,[-,7[K&&9"?;AU
M2-9]8Y)(,I1HR#(NYQM<26:0)&(FFPNI0J5*&,`@H_V7R8OS9G[2#*QH*D+N
M,Z+Y+2K%"!3-.I6!4)K3S*X<);I:2RK0CYI38#QQY0D
G];['6.9]V,CF.]QL3HI;1OC
&E
M4.1C*Z5&%<))N,5"J?4N@ZZ4"/>=6!#/@E]LYDGB/(Y[3(<%@K0RESAEP)E$
M&UO<&HUVNV3)F;P1K/5OO@2F+)Y`8C2'D*.<`FE:!J&E=O`2VZ-&%V)[_P!+
M'ISRJ1X\6AELK)L]:F]Q,NE\$CDHEA-V%S&G7&3D,D>&P][\93#J`I*.I^U*
MF3$$%4H6050("A^\EU]&.G#2NO9E\XTUK^;_`(L@^+^&M?;73LI7@#H9[6JP
M]*N3AAF'F1D*X6SBV(\C
Z-WY0S-S7&5YT&`WN4HN+/(O0N@
MV9"U$'K`G&T$`/;6@@`)U6[W$Y"=6WH*3]%C=>6TC&5E&)JC-PKW0MGMW)KH
M,U9G;9Q"6S0E8Z*[B-<>9#5%#R?'D;:8:)=J2GIN'6H$'^[5(2UZ,EXU-24U
M5=+NV!(HIJ63510'J(UBJ4$[;0RE*U!K4-*T]G`'OQX:6NMA;&BJUMOQV?MD
M*HNX)-15K!V6M:UK0K6O;3@*RWVM:)"H<^L,8
_
M5#0JHRZU+"'W4II2GNX#G_N"++VMN5U4^@\PSQ]T0W,R#F$0N`:!`4@
>%0B`/](HQ,346M"PZ`
M%2.3W#7&CIX7>Z>>$L(NOGLP6YM'?B)75F<$CD>F5OB9K*FN62">22^M^G\^
M,6E6RX+RZG*EB-O6.;HG"4610BE2@Z`V?VP%LXG>+H---HIZV)WF#W,F64D"
MEC4H+"
G=4:>YCA;(,K73PHL@NBW+
U8I-$88X[9%\R8?
MG5^F+8TN4O<'XQUF+;9D#2SKW7SD>4CJ4F4EI1$EB'4>HJ4"UQ;AVFS["(Z\
M7(AC=;V=N""A\GAC1*2INVQ]S$:;0Q$BEI#2QE/Q%`4"()]$B?7=I4%*TKP%
M?CK-X(YX9X7ZPADM@[6V4)@.#V1#!D$0^W#OJNC;W=TU,IA+RKB*&--=LW\,
M-H0=%#4O?52Q1O$8$P)6VE>`B)]UBYW2D&`V"+JMB+!!+P.>=%H#RX>HDA
!4)'/NKUD;9)[L$9B;;K
M#ZZLTBJJ#W`RF?;_`,2NK;>'IG=O&T2:;65MQ#4(YY*Y$>E4'&LZ)]HR)T*@
M0!'&F4+VC#NI1T@\<%W2G?.E'%A*V.U:NV"B*-
I@',J7I;OO)(.
M0!RD!]Q2*.RLH(PA,+J).`5"]NT!8X'6^^XWP?MFP8-*K'X>Y`VOML'R99[+
M2X5Z71D;X?;A.(0&,J10F/IO/
>(K/1N(2!WDS5*CU47@+!#I8>9"TM23
MD+*SD&@,;D"
E=;7+'&W%ZP.)F1-F+>15%CY8N(VY3W3@%ZJ
M7"13I]B129G!W>(*(%%G2/)US<`2H1AR@^A9E.736GQ4`#OWAC6LD5L^F1'F
M@D:UW?LSC&IJ0DTJ(]8M<&%I1)B"0>T0S%2HL%*?S#IP$Y>K-@UG7.
V:3XOW,F3=!F]VK*2STJR9QB0O19S`D?BVY>,FJD0!+$*A
M(E4%`-H"I?`1TZD.$O6"RXO5T[\X8S:''%/<#$B^::8M>'26[`C@QN/K%T=>
M5LBG>0;LTL:*3NCBOC9:98A9FD)+6FV&)ZKS1&;0ESUHL.NH-U(L%DV'4%MC
MC\T2N=J;6SZXUT7*][ZT0B*2J(28Q_
X6C;7\#R
:I*``:96E$;00A5`';IP'TNIIA/U!,
MN,]YN>5L,7")1-+5:I\3P09)<8&6&
MBI0K$(9]*UVAI6O`%HO+`+Y97X3WWL_)VM#C'>.]-I;I6U:S(]/@7'20I?)F
M%T8V)\K+&=EC`U)*D*H`U("4Q9I!9@@A$(5*5J`0^GCC-UA+/8'H>F-,+!8Q
MX\QJ%1>X-L"LRBKII[DERS%4_FGO4;L-'&9(L>+@.%7PPFJYX=FY(63L/-
M(,-#4D0/M]O9B'U`L",9W7$O*NV5GX?;6W4^N.[V_FT6N,HF<]N,?,9$%U)7
MJ&-L;RH_&8PC+YHBS%2L;@IYA8!)2.76HP;R7]/&T^0?W&"+*YAJ8X,N-..-
MO)1D
[(3-#I>"L//B1#Z%::TIF+OJE:(PUA.*1T;?#TQ9"E*
M:JJM,JIH&@%1_3W4_P!K?V:;=F_37LTV_%MW?Y:\`@[=/A]G9_C\M--=>W7;
MI[>W@-!
BOUOV?\A\
MSSMZI^I7EM][AYPW_P#%O)O>^\[^X_O.7RM?BW3`_4CZ0^HGB:G
M?Z)>
`=ZO+T_\:_+K\NM/EV_EU]FG
M`;UTVU_EV4UTU^3W::<`J[=PM=-VE-?9KIH+3V>_;K^.GX<`&OKS_5[_`&U+
MO_0]ZV_4/YOM3Y2^G_3U"\+]0&?QO;W?^J>7^XZ]_P"Z?N.1\WZ/.X`8>6?J
M#_
)[N\_I
M;N`MG"VZ5YNGY=^[3;[_`)OR::ZZ^[@,&\G;7G\G;M%KS=FFWLW_`#?D]FON
MT]O`:@Y'_KY?Y?DT_GKMUT[/GU]OX\!FO)UI_MZ]FFFW376FW;M[-VOLT[>`
M]/AV"^7EZUW?+MUW?%KIV;MWM]^OMX#(/?L_#7^/LIINU[==/X]O`:BV:UW;
M==O;K_+NI_EMU]O^O9P'F'D:?#LT]^NO\>SYORZ^SW?PX`?W51^H+^W=E_\`
M2CZ@?4-Z,/OI;Z6
YR3F>5N;^IXKX7WC;R?WNS=W?\`6Y7`0-^W'\5^
M@=T]7/5OZQO6>8_6AZ_=Z]9O6'PYC\N>9O$_ZSY>])?`/`^]?'W'37]3F<`?
7+]OK^3=I3_NT^+3_`*M/;I^&ONX#_]D_
`
end

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----