URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1067983/000089843001501902/0000898430-01-501902.txt

:		1712836

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 NYALA FARMS ROAD
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2032211005

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 NYALA FARMS ROAD
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001067983
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				470813844
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 KIEWIT PLZ
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4023461400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 KIEWIT PLAZA
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NBH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980810

SC TO-T

dsctot.txt

SCHEDULE TO

               ------------------------------------------------
               ------------------------------------------------

                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                               ----------------

                                  SCHEDULE TO
                                (RULE 14d-100)

                     TENDER OFFER STATEMENT UNDER SECTION
          14(d)(1) OR 13(e)(1) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                               XTRA CORPORATION
                      (Name of Subject Company (Issuer))

                         BX MERGER SUB INC. (OFFEROR)
                   BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. (OFFEROR PARENT)
   (Names of Filing Persons (identifying status as offeror, issuer or other
                                   person))

                    COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.50 PER SHARE
                        (Title of Class of Securities)

                     (CUSIP Number of Class of Securities)

                               ----------------

                                MARC D. HAMBURG
                                VICE PRESIDENT
                            BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.
                               1440 KIEWIT PLAZA
                                OMAHA, NE 68131
                           TELEPHONE: (402) 346-1400
(Name, address and telephone number of person authorized to receive notices and
                  communications on behalf of filing persons)

                               ----------------

                                   COPY TO:
                            R. GREGORY MORGAN, ESQ.
                          MUNGER, TOLLES & OLSON LLP
                            355 SOUTH GRAND AVENUE
                             LOS ANGELES, CA 90071
                           TELEPHONE: (213) 683-9100

                               ----------------

                           CALCULATION OF FILING FEE

TRANSACTION VALUATION*                                   AMOUNT OF FILING FEE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     $590,110,973                                              $118,023
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*  Estimated for purposes of calculating the amount of the filing fee only.  The
amount assumes the purchase of a total of (i) 10,506,973 shares of the
outstanding common stock, par value $0.50 per share, of the Subject Company
("Subject Company Common Stock") at an offer price of $55.00 per share and (ii)
1,075,414 shares of Subject Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
options on Subject Company Common Stock outstanding as of July 30, 2001, and
exercisable at an average exercise price of $43.63 per share (according to the
Subject Company).

[ ]Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-11(a)(2)
and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was previously paid.
Identify the previous filing by Registration statement number, or the Form or
Schedule and the date of its filing.

Amount Previously Paid: None.

Form or Registration No.: Not applicable.

Filing Party: Not applicable.

Date Filed: Not applicable.

[ ]Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications made
before the commencement of a tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the
statement relates:

[X] third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1.

[ ] issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.

[ ] going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3.

[ ] amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2.

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the
results of the tender offer: [ ]

               ------------------------------------------------
               ------------------------------------------------

     This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this "Schedule TO") is filed
by BX Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Berkshire").
This Schedule TO relates to the offer by Purchaser to purchase any and all of
the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.50 per share (the
"Shares"), of XTRA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at a
purchase price of $55.00 per Share, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Offer to Purchase (the "Offer to Purchase") and in the related
Letter of Transmittal, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits (a)(1)
and (a)(2) (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto,
collectively constitute the "Offer").  The information set forth in the Offer to
Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal is incorporated herein by
reference with respect to Items 1-11 of this Schedule TO.  The Agreement and
Plan of Merger, dated as of July 30, 2001, among the Company, Purchaser, and
Berkshire, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (d)(1) hereto and the
Stockholders Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2001, among Berkshire, Purchaser,
Tiger Management L.L.C., Tiger Performance L.L.C., Tiger Management Corporation
and Julian H. Robertson, Jr., a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (d)(2)
hereto, are incorporated herein by reference with respect to Items 5 and 11 of
Schedule TO.

ITEM 3. IDENTITY AND BACKGROUND OF FILING PERSONS.

     None of Berkshire, Purchaser nor, to the best of their knowledge, any of
the persons listed on Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase has during the last
five years (i) been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
violations or similar misdemeanors) or (ii) been a party to any judicial or
administrative proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without
sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order
enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities
subject to, federal or state securities laws or a finding of any violation of
such laws.

ITEM 12. EXHIBITS.

  (a)(1) Offer to Purchase, dated August 14, 2001.

  (a)(2) Form of Letter of Transmittal.

  (a)(3) Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

  (a)(4) Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies
and Other Nominees.

  (a)(5) Form of Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial
Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

  (a)(6) Text of joint press release issued by Berkshire and the Company dated
July 31, 2001 (incorporated by reference from the Tender Offer Statement
on Schedule TO filed by Berkshire with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on July 31, 2001).

  (a)(7) Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
Substitute Form W-9.

  (a)(8) Form of summary advertisement, dated August 14, 2000.

  (b) None.

  (c) Not applicable.

  (d)(1) Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 30, 2001, among
Berkshire, Purchaser and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to the
Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on July 31, 2001).

  (d)(2) Stockholders Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2001, among Berkshire,
Purchaser and Julian H. Robertson, Jr., Tiger Management Corporation, Tiger
Management L.L.C. and Tiger Performance L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference
to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on July 31, 2001).

  (e) Not applicable.

  (f) Not applicable.

  (g) None.

  (h) None.

ITEM 13. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE 13E-3.

  Not applicable.

SIGNATURE

     After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify
that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.

                               BX MERGER SUB INC.

                               By:      /s/ Marc D. Hamburg
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                               Name: Marc D. Hamburg
                               Title: President, Secretary and Treasurer

                               BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.

                               By:     /s/ Marc D. Hamburg
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                               Name: Marc D. Hamburg
                               Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Dated: August 14, 2001

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

(a)(1) Offer to Purchase, dated August 14, 2001.

(a)(2) Form of Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(3) Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(4) Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies
and Other Nominees.

(a)(5) Form of Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(6) Text of joint press release issued by Berkshire and the Company dated
July 30, 2001 (incorporated by reference from the Tender Offer Statement on
Schedule TO filed by Berkshire with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
July 31, 2001).

(a)(7) Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(8) Form of summary advertisement, dated August 14, 2000.

(d)(1) Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 30, 2001, among Berkshire,
Purchaser and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to the Current
Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on July 31, 2001).

(d)(2) Stockholder Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2000, among Berkshire,
Purchaser and Julian H. Robertson, Jr., Tiger Management Corporation, Tiger
Management L.L.C. and Tiger Performance L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference
to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on July 31, 2001).

EX-99.A1

dex99a1.txt

OFFER TO PURCHASE

                          Offer to Purchase for Cash

                    All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

                                      of

                               XTRA Corporation

                                      at

                               $55.00 Per Share

                                      by

                              BX Merger Sub Inc.
                         a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of
                            Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

   THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
  CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

  THE OFFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED
AS OF JULY 30, 2001 (THE "MERGER AGREEMENT"), BY AND AMONG BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY
INC., A DELAWARE CORPORATION ("PARENT"), BX MERGER SUB INC., A DELAWARE
CORPORATION AND A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF PARENT ("PURCHASER"), AND
XTRA CORPORATION, A DELAWARE CORPORATION (THE "COMPANY"). THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER (EACH AS
DEFINED HEREIN), HAS UNANIMOUSLY DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER IS ADVISABLE AND
THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST
INTERESTS OF THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS (THE "STOCKHOLDERS"), AND HAS
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDED THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER
THEIR SHARES PURSUANT THERETO.

  THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THERE BEING VALIDLY
TENDERED, AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED HEREIN),
THAT NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.50 PER SHARE (THE "COMMON
STOCK"), OF THE COMPANY WHICH CONSTITUTES A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES OF COMMON
STOCK OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS (AS DEFINED IN ANNEX A TO THE
MERGER AGREEMENT) ON THE DATE SHARES ARE ACCEPTED FOR PAYMENT (THE "MINIMUM
CONDITION"). THE OFFER IS ALSO SUBJECT TO OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH
IN THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE. THE OFFER IS NOT SUBJECT TO A FINANCING CONDITION.
SEE "SECTION 14--CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER."

                                   IMPORTANT

  Any Stockholder desiring to tender all or any portion of his shares of
Common Stock (the "Shares") should either (1) complete and sign the Letter of
Transmittal or a facsimile thereof in accordance with the instructions in the
Letter of Transmittal, and mail or deliver the Letter of Transmittal or such
facsimile with his certificate(s) for the tendered Shares and any other
required documents to the Depositary, (2) follow the procedure for book-entry
tender of Shares set forth in Section 3 of this Offer to Purchase, or (3)
request such Stockholder's broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or
other nominee to effect the transaction for such Stockholder. Stockholders
having Shares registered in the name of a broker, dealer, commercial bank,
trust company or other nominee are urged to contact such broker, dealer,
commercial bank, trust company or other nominee if they desire to tender such
Shares.

  A Stockholder who desires to tender Shares and whose certificates for such
Shares are not immediately available, or who cannot comply with the procedure
for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, may tender such Shares by following
the procedures for guaranteed delivery set forth in Section 3 of this Offer to
Purchase.

  Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information
Agent at its address and telephone number set forth on the back cover of this
Offer to Purchase. Requests for additional copies of this Offer to Purchase
and the Letter of Transmittal may be directed to the Information Agent or to
brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies.

                               ----------------

August 14, 2001

                               INTRODUCTION............................................................   9

 THE TENDER OFFER

 1.  Terms of the Offer.................................................   12

 2.  Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares......................   13

 3.  Procedure for Tendering Shares.....................................   14

 4.  Withdrawal Rights..................................................   17

 5.  Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer and the
     Merger.............................................................   17

 6.  Price Range of Shares; Dividends...................................   18

 7.  Effect of the Offer on Market for the Shares, Stock Exchange
     Listing, and Exchange Act Registration.............................   19

 8.  Certain Information Concerning the Company.........................   20

 9.  Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and Parent................   20

 10. Source and Amount of Funds.........................................   21

 11. Background of the Offer; Contacts with the Company; the Merger
     Agreement and Stockholders Agreement...............................   21

 12. Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for the Company;
     Stockholder Approval and Appraisal Rights..........................   33

 13. Dividends and Distributions........................................   35

 14. Conditions of the Offer............................................   35

 15. Certain Legal Matters and Regulatory Approvals.....................   36

 16. Fees and Expenses..................................................   38

 17. Miscellaneous......................................................   39

            Information Concerning the Directors and Executive Officers of Purchaser
Schedule I  and Parent .............................................................  40

                              SUMMARY TERM SHEET

  BX MERGER SUB INC. is offering to purchase all of the outstanding common
stock of XTRA Corporation for $55.00 per share in cash. The following are some
of the questions that you, as a stockholder of XTRA Corporation, may have and
answers to those questions. We urge you to read carefully the remainder of
this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal because the information
in this summary term sheet is not complete. Additional important information
is contained in the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of
Transmittal.

Who is Offering to Buy My Securities?

  Our name is BX Merger Sub Inc. We are a Delaware corporation formed for the
purpose of making a tender offer for all of the common stock of XTRA
Corporation and have carried on no activities other than in connection with
the merger agreement among us, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and XTRA Corporation.
We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware
corporation. Berkshire Hathaway is a holding company engaged through
subsidiaries in a number of diverse businesses, the most important of which is
property and casualty insurance and reinsurance offered on both a direct and
reinsurance basis through insurance subsidiaries. See the "Introduction" to
this Offer to Purchase and Section 9 "Certain Information Concerning Purchaser
and Parent."

What are the Classes and Amounts of Securities Sought in the Offer?

  We are seeking to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of
XTRA Corporation. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section
1 "Terms of the Offer."

How Much are You Offering to Pay? What is the Form of Payment?

  We are offering to pay $55.00 per share in cash, subject to Federal income
tax or other applicable withholding requirements. See the "Introduction" to
this Offer to Purchase and Section 1 "Terms of the Offer."

Will I Have to Pay Any Fees or Commissions if I Tender My Shares?

  If you are the record owner of your shares and you tender your shares to us
in the offer, you will not have to pay brokerage fees or similar expenses. If
you own your shares through a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders
your shares on your behalf, your broker or nominee may charge you a fee for
doing so. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine whether any
charges will apply. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and
Section 3 "Procedure for Tendering Shares."

Do You Have the Financial Resources to Make Payment?

  Yes. Berkshire Hathaway, our parent company, has available cash resources
that are many times larger than needed to complete the offer and the merger.
Parent will provide us with sufficient funds to purchase all shares validly
tendered and not withdrawn in the offer and to provide funding for the merger,
which is expected to follow the successful completion of the offer in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the merger agreement. The offer is
not conditioned on any financing arrangements. See Section 10 "Source and
Amount of Funds."

How Long Do I Have to Decide Whether to Tender in the Offer?

  Unless the offer is extended, you will have until 12:00 midnight, New York
City time, on Tuesday, September 11, 2001, to tender your shares in the offer.
If you cannot deliver everything that is required in order to make a valid
tender by that time, you may be able to use a guaranteed delivery procedure,
which is described later in this Offer to Purchase. See Section 1 "Terms of
the Offer" and Section 3 "Procedures for Tendering Shares."

Can the Offer be Extended and Under What Circumstances?

  Subject to the terms of the merger agreement, the offer can be extended. We
have agreed in the merger agreement that:

  .  We may extend the offer for a total of up to an additional 40 days, in
     one or more periods of not more than 10 business days, without XTRA
     Corporation's consent, if any condition to the offer is not met and is
     reasonably capable of being met.

  .  If less than 90% but more than 70% of the outstanding common stock has
     been tendered at the time the offer expires, we may, without XTRA
     Corporation's consent, extend the offer for up to 10 business days or
     provide for a "subsequent offering period" of up to 10 business days. A
     subsequent offering period is different than an extension of the offer.
     During a subsequent offering period, you would not be able to withdraw
     any of the shares that you had already tendered (because we would have
     already accepted those shares for payment). You also would not be able
     to withdraw any of the shares that you tender during the subsequent
     offering period.

  .  The merger agreement also provides that in certain circumstances where
     there are proceedings that might prohibit consummation of the offer or
     there are breaches of the Company's representations and warranties, the
     offer shall be extended at the request of the Company to allow for the
     satisfaction of particular conditions that may be unsatisfied at the
     time the offer would otherwise expire.

For more details on possible extensions of the offer, see Section 1 "Terms of
the Offer."

How Will I be Notified if the Offer is Extended?

  If the offer is extended or we decide to provide a subsequent offering
period, we will inform EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the depositary for the
offer) of that fact and will make a public announcement of the extension not
later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the
day on which the offer was scheduled to expire. See Section 1 "Terms of the
Offer."

What are the Most Significant Conditions to the Offer?

  We are not obligated to purchase any shares that are validly tendered:

  .  Unless the number of shares validly tendered and not withdrawn before
     the expiration date of the offer represents at least a majority of the
     then outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis. We call this condition
     the "Minimum Condition." When we use the term "fully diluted basis," we
     mean the number of shares outstanding, together with any shares which
     XTRA Corporation may be required to issue pursuant to options which do
     not terminate upon consummation of the offer, whether or not those
     options are vested or exercisable.

  .  If the applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
     Improvements Act of 1976 and the Competition Act (Canada) have not
     expired or been terminated.

  The offer is also subject to a number of other conditions. We can waive any
or all of the conditions to the offer in our sole discretion. See Section 1
"Terms of the Offer" and Section 14 "Conditions of the Offer."

How do I Tender My Shares?

  To tender shares, you must deliver the certificates representing your
shares, together with a completed letter of transmittal and any other
documents required by the letter of transmittal, to EquiServe Trust Company,
N.A., the depositary for the offer, not later than the time the offer expires.

  If your shares are held in street name (i.e., through a broker, dealer or
other nominee), the shares can be tendered by your nominee through The
Depository Trust Company.

  If you are unable to deliver any required document or instrument to the
depositary by the expiration of the offer, you may gain some extra time by
having a broker, a bank or other fiduciary that is an eligible institution
guarantee that the missing items will be received by the depositary within
three New York Stock Exchange trading days. For the tender to be valid,
however, they must receive the missing items within that three trading day
period.

  See Section 3 "Procedure for Tendering Shares."

Until What Time May I Withdraw Previously Tendered Shares?

  You may withdraw shares at any time until the offer has expired and, if we
have not accepted your shares for payment by October 12, 2001, you may
withdraw them at any time after that date until we accept shares for payment.
See Section 1 "Terms of the Offer" and Section 4 "Withdrawal Rights." If we
choose to provide a subsequent offering period, you would not be able to
withdraw any of the shares that you had already tendered. You also would not
be able to withdraw any of the shares that you tender during a subsequent
offering period.

How do I Withdraw Previously Tendered Shares?

  To withdraw shares, you must deliver a written notice of withdrawal with the
required information to the depositary while you still have the right to
withdraw the shares. See Section 4 "Withdrawal Rights."

What does the Board of Directors of XTRA Corporation Think of the Offer?

  We are making the offer pursuant to the merger agreement among us, Parent
and XTRA Corporation. The board of directors of XTRA Corporation has
unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the offer and the merger. The board of directors of XTRA
Corporation has also determined that the terms of the offer and the merger are
fair to, and in the best interests of, the stockholders of XTRA Corporation
and has recommended that the stockholders of XTRA Corporation accept the offer
and tender their shares to us. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to
Purchase.

Have any Stockholders Agreed to Tender their Shares?

  Yes. Tiger Management L.L.C. and Tiger Performance L.L.C. have agreed to
tender all of their shares of XTRA Corporation stock, representing
approximately 30% of the outstanding common stock of XTRA Corporation. These
stockholders have also agreed to vote in favor of the merger and against any
competing acquisition proposal. These stockholders, as well as Tiger
Management Corporation and Julian H. Robertson, Jr., have further agreed not
to participate in discussions or negotiations for any competing acquisition
proposal. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase.

If the Offer is Completed, Will XTRA Corporation Continue as a Public Company?

  No. Following the purchase of shares in the offer we expect to consummate
the merger. If the merger takes place, XTRA Corporation will no longer be
publicly owned. Even if for some reason the merger does not take place, if we
purchase all of the tendered shares, there may be so few remaining
stockholders and publicly held shares that (i) XTRA Corporation common stock
may no longer be eligible to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange or to be
traded on any other securities market or exchange, (ii) there may not be any
public trading market for XTRA Corporation common stock, and (iii) XTRA
Corporation may cease making filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission or otherwise cease being required to comply with the SEC rules
relating to publicly held companies. See Section 7 "Effect of the Offer on
Market for the Shares, Stock Exchange Listing, and Exchange Act Registration."

Will the Offer be Followed By a Merger if All Shares of XTRA Corporation are
Not Tendered in the Offer?

  If we accept for payment and pay for at least a majority of the shares of
XTRA Corporation common stock on a fully diluted basis, we will be merged with
and into XTRA Corporation. If that merger takes place, Parent will own all of
the shares of XTRA Corporation, and all other persons who were stockholders of
XTRA Corporation immediately prior to the merger (other than stockholders
properly exercising appraisal rights) will receive $55.00 per share in cash
(or any higher price per share that is paid in the offer). See the
"Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase.

If I Decide Not to Tender, How Will the Offer Affect My Shares?

  If the merger described above takes place, stockholders not tendering in the
offer will receive the same amount of cash per share that they would have
received had they tendered their shares in the offer (subject to any appraisal
rights properly exercised under Delaware law), but such stockholders will only
be paid once the merger has occurred. Therefore, if you tender your shares in
the offer, and we accept shares for payment, which, with a few exceptions, we
will be required to do if the Minimum Condition is satisfied, you will be paid
earlier than if you wait until after the merger to surrender your shares. If
the merger does not take place, the number of stockholders and the number of
shares of XTRA Corporation that are still in the hands of the public may be so
small that there may no longer be an active public trading market (or,
possibly, there may not be any public trading market) for XTRA Corporation
common stock.

  Also, as described above, XTRA Corporation may cease making filings with the
SEC or otherwise cease being required to comply with the SEC rules relating to
publicly held companies. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and
Section 7 "Effect of Offer on Market for Shares, Stock Exchange Listing, and
Exchange Act Registration."

  Furthermore, if we purchase shares in the offer, we will be entitled to
designate that number of directors as will give us representation on the XTRA
Corporation board of directors proportionate to the number of shares we hold.
Then, at the effective time of the merger, our directors will replace the
directors of XTRA Corporation. See Section 11 "Background of the Offer;
Contacts with the Company; the Merger Agreement and Stockholders Agreement."

Will There be Appraisal Rights in Connection With the Offer?

  There are no appraisal rights in connection with the offer. However, if the
merger takes place, stockholders who have not sold their shares in the offer
will have appraisal rights under Delaware law. See Section 12 "Purpose of the
Offer and the Merger; Plans for the Company; Stockholder Approval and
Appraisal Rights."

What is the Market Value of My Shares as of a Recent Date?

  On July 30, 2001, the last trading day before we announced the signing of
the merger agreement, the closing price of XTRA Corporation common stock
reported on the New York Stock Exchange was $52.30 per share. On August 10,
2001, the closing price of XTRA Corporation common stock reported on the New
York Stock Exchange was $55.15 per share. We encourage you to obtain a recent
quotation for shares of XTRA Corporation common stock in deciding whether to
tender your shares. See Section 6 "Price Range of Shares; Dividends."

What are the United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of Tendering
Shares?

  The receipt of cash for shares pursuant to the offer or the merger will be a
taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and possibly
for state, local and foreign income tax purposes as well. In general, a
stockholder who sells shares pursuant to the offer or receives cash in
exchange for shares pursuant to

the merger will recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax
purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received
and the stockholder's adjusted tax basis in the shares sold pursuant to the
offer or exchanged for cash pursuant to the merger. If the shares exchanged
constitute capital assets in the hands of the stockholder, such gain or loss
will be capital gain or loss. In general, capital gains recognized by an
individual will be subject to a maximum United States federal income tax rate
of 20% if the shares were held for more than one year, and if held for one
year or less they will be subject to tax at ordinary income tax rates. See
Section 5 "Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer and the
Merger."

To Whom May I Speak If I Have Questions About the Tender Offer?

  You may call the Information Agent for the offer, Georgeson Shareholder
Communications Inc., at (800) 223-2064 (toll free). See the back cover of this
Offer to Purchase.

TO THE HOLDERS OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF
XTRA CORPORATION

                                 INTRODUCTION

  BX Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), hereby offers to purchase all of the outstanding shares (the
"Shares") of Common Stock, par value $0.50 per share (the "Common Stock"), of
XTRA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at a price of $55.00
per Share in cash, without interest thereon (the "Offer Price"), upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase and in
the related Letter of Transmittal (which, as amended and supplemented from
time to time, together constitute the "Offer").

  The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
"Merger Agreement"), dated as of July 30, 2001, among the Company, Parent and
Purchaser. The Merger Agreement provides that, among other things, as soon as
practicable after the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the
satisfaction or, if permissible, waiver of the conditions set forth in the
Merger Agreement, including the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer and
the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the Company's stockholders (the
"Stockholders") (if required by applicable law) in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"),
Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company (the "Merger"). Following
consummation of the Merger, the Company will continue as the surviving
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") and will be a direct wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent. The purpose of the Offer and the Merger is to facilitate
the acquisition of all of the Shares for cash and thereby enable Parent to own
100% of the Shares. At the effective time of the Merger (the "Effective
Time"), each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time held by the Stockholders (other than by Parent, Purchaser and any other
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent or by the Company as treasury stock or by
any subsidiary of the Company) will be canceled and, subject to appraisal
rights under the DGCL, converted automatically into the right to receive
$55.00 in cash, or, in the event any higher price is paid in the Offer, such
higher price (the "Merger Consideration"), without interest. The Merger
Agreement is more fully described in "Section 11--Background of the Offer;
Contacts with the Company; the Merger Agreement and Stockholders Agreement."
Stockholders who hold their Shares at the time of the Merger and who fully
comply with the statutory dissenters' procedures set forth in the DGCL will be
entitled to dissent from the Merger and have the fair value of their Shares
(which may be more than, equal to, or less than the Merger Consideration)
judicially determined and paid to them in cash pursuant to the procedures
prescribed by the DGCL. DISSENTERS' RIGHTS ARE AVAILABLE ONLY IN CONNECTION
WITH THE MERGER AND NOT IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER. SEE "SECTION 12--PURPOSE
OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; PLANS FOR THE COMPANY; STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL AND
APPRAISAL RIGHTS."

  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE OFFER AND
THE MERGER (COLLECTIVELY, THE "TRANSACTIONS"), HAS UNANIMOUSLY DETERMINED THAT
THE MERGER IS ADVISABLE AND THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE
FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE STOCKHOLDERS, AND HAS UNANIMOUSLY
RECOMMENDED THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE OFFER, AND TENDER THEIR SHARES
PURSUANT THERETO.

  Simultaneously with entering into the Merger Agreement, Parent and Purchaser
also entered into a Stockholders Agreement with Tiger Management L.L.C. and
Tiger Performance L.L.C. (the "Tiger Advisers"), and with Tiger Management
Corporation and Julian H. Robertson, Jr., dated as of July 30, 2001 (the
"Stockholders Agreement"), pursuant to which these parties (a) agreed to
tender all Shares beneficially owned by the Tiger Advisers in the Offer, (b)
agreed to vote the Tiger Advisers' Shares in favor of the Merger Agreement and
the Merger and against any Takeover Proposal (as defined below), (c) agreed
not to participate in discussions or negotiations for any Takeover Proposal,
and (d) granted Parent and Purchaser an option,

exercisable under certain circumstances, to purchase all Shares beneficially
owned by the Tiger Advisers at the price per share paid in the Offer. The
Tiger Advisers beneficially own approximately 30% of the outstanding Shares.
See "Section 11--Background of the Offer; Contacts with the Company; the
Merger Agreement and Stockholders Agreement."

  THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THERE BEING VALIDLY
TENDERED, AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED HEREIN),
THAT NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK WHICH CONSTITUTES A MAJORITY OF THE
SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS (AS DEFINED IN
ANNEX A TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT) ON THE DATE SHARES ARE ACCEPTED FOR PAYMENT
(THE "MINIMUM CONDITION"). THE OFFER IS ALSO SUBJECT TO OTHER TERMS AND
CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE, AS DESCRIBED IN "SECTION 14--
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER." PARENT AND PURCHASER, IN THEIR DISCRETION, MAY WAIVE
THESE CONDITIONS.

  The consummation of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
certain conditions, including (if required by the DGCL) the adoption of the
Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority
of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. Under the DGCL, the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares is the
only vote that would be necessary to adopt the Merger Agreement at any
required meeting of Stockholders. If the Minimum Condition is satisfied and as
a result of the purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer,
Purchaser and its affiliates own at least a majority of the outstanding
Shares, Purchaser will be able to effect the Merger without the affirmative
vote of any other Stockholder.

  If Purchaser acquires, pursuant to the Offer, at least 90% of the then
issued and outstanding Shares, under the DGCL, Purchaser's board of directors
will be able to adopt a plan of merger to effect the Merger without a vote of
Stockholders, pursuant to Section 253 of the DGCL (a "Short-Form Merger"). If
Purchaser does not acquire at least 90% of the then issued and outstanding
Shares pursuant to the Offer, a vote of the Stockholders will be required
under the DGCL to effect the Merger, and a significantly longer period of time
will be required to effect the Merger. In addition, Parent, Purchaser and the
Company have agreed to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the
Merger to become effective as promptly as practicable after the consummation
of the Offer.

  Purchaser may, without the consent of the Company, (a) extend the Offer for
up to an additional 40 days, in one or more periods of not more than 10
business days, if Parent and Purchaser are not in material breach of the
Merger Agreement and if any condition to the Offer is not satisfied or waived
and is reasonably capable of being satisfied, and (b) if, on the expiration
date of the Offer, the Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to
the Offer equal at least 70% of the outstanding Shares but less than 90% of
the outstanding Shares (on a fully diluted basis), (i) extend the Offer for up
to 10 business days or (ii) provide a subsequent offering period of up to 10
business days, in each case notwithstanding that all the conditions to the
Offer have been satisfied. The parties have also agreed that, if either (a)
the condition that there be no action or proceeding instituted or pending
which seeks to prohibit the consummation of the Offer or to have certain other
specified effects on Parent, Purchaser or the Company, or (b) the condition
that there be no breaches of the Company's representations and warranties in
the Merger Agreement which would have, in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect on the Company, is not satisfied or waived, then, at the written
request of the Company, Purchaser shall, and Parent shall cause Purchaser to,
extend the Offer in increments of five (5) business days each until the
earliest to occur of (i) the satisfaction or waiver of such condition, (ii)
Parent determining that such condition could not reasonably be expected to be
satisfied on or prior to September 30, 2001, (iii) the termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, and (iv) September 30, 2001,
provided, however, that the Company shall have no such right to cause an
extension of the Offer if, in the case of a failure of the condition specified
in clause (a) to be satisfied, the Company has not cooperated with Parent in
using all reasonable efforts to cause such condition to be satisfied, or, in
the case of a failure of the condition specified in clause (b) to be
satisfied,

such failure is the result of the Company's breach of or failure in any
material respect to perform or comply with its material obligations,
agreements and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement to be performed
through the Expiration Date.

  Pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"),
in order to provide a subsequent offering period after the expiration of the
Offer, Purchaser would have to accept and promptly pay for all Shares tendered
during the initial offering period. In addition, Purchaser would have to
immediately accept and promptly pay for all Shares as they were tendered
during the subsequent offering period. A subsequent offering period would not
be an extension of the Offer. It would be an additional period of time in
which Stockholders could tender Shares not tendered during the Offer. During a
subsequent offering period, Stockholders would not be able to withdraw any of
the Shares that were already tendered, nor any of the Shares that were
tendered during the subsequent offering period. In addition, the Offer Price
may be increased (in which case the Offer will be extended to the extent
required by law in connection with such increase) without the consent of the
Company.

  According to the Company, as of July 30, 2001 there were 10,506,973 Shares
issued and outstanding, held by approximately 559 holders of record, and
outstanding options raise the number of Shares on a fully diluted basis to
11,582,387. Based on the issued and outstanding Shares and the outstanding
options as of July 30, 2001, the Minimum Condition would be satisfied if at
least 5,791,194 Shares are tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn prior to
the close of the Offer. Based on the number of issued and outstanding Shares
as of July 30, 2001 (which number is subject to increase upon the exercise of
outstanding options), Purchaser would be able to effect a Short-Form Merger if
9,456,276 Shares are owned by Purchaser upon consummation of the Offer.

  Tendering Stockholders who tender Shares directly will not be obligated to
pay brokerage fees or commissions or, subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter
of Transmittal, stock transfer taxes, if any, with respect to the purchase of
Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. However, any tendering Stockholder
or other payee who fails to complete and sign the Substitute Form W-9 included
in the Letter of Transmittal may be subject to required backup federal income
tax withholding of 30.5% of the gross proceeds payable to such Stockholder or
other payee pursuant to the Offer. Purchaser will pay all charges and expenses
of EquiServe Trust Company, N.A., as Depositary (the "Depositary") and
Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., as Information Agent (the
"Information Agent") in connection with the Offer. See "Section 16--Fees and
Expenses."

  THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION WHICH SHOULD BE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE ANY DECISION IS
MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

                               THE TENDER OFFER

  1. Terms of the Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the
Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and
conditions of such extension or amendment), Purchaser will accept for payment,
and pay for, all Shares validly tendered on or prior to the Expiration Date
(as herein defined) and not withdrawn as permitted by Section 4 hereof. The
term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on September
11, 2001, unless and until, in accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement, the Offer is extended, in which event the term "Expiration Date"
will mean the latest time and date on which the Offer, as so extended,
expires.

  Purchaser expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion (but subject
to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement), at any time and from
time to time, to extend for any reason the period of time during which the
Offer is open and to delay acceptance for payment of, and payment for, any
Shares, including as a result of the occurrence of any of the events specified
in Section 14 hereof, by giving oral or written notice of such extension to
the Depositary and by making a public announcement thereof, as described
below. During any such extension, all Shares previously tendered and not
withdrawn will remain subject to the Offer, subject to the right of a
tendering stockholder to withdraw his Shares. See "Section 4--Withdrawal
Rights."

  Subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, Purchaser also
expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion (but subject to the terms
and conditions of the Merger Agreement), at any time, (1) to terminate the
Offer and not accept for payment any Shares if any of the conditions referred
to in Section 14 have not been satisfied, and (2) to waive any condition or
otherwise amend the Offer in any respect, in each case, by giving oral or
written notice of such delay, termination, waiver or amendment to the
Depositary and by making a public announcement thereof.

  Purchaser and Parent have agreed that, without the prior written consent of
the Company, no change in the Offer may be made which decreases the price per
Share payable in the Offer, which reduces the maximum number of Shares to be
purchased in the Offer, or which adds to or modifies the conditions to the
Offer set forth below under "Section 14--Conditions to the Offer."

  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Purchaser and Parent are not in material
breach of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser may, without the consent of the
Company, extend the Offer (in one or more extensions of not more than ten (10)
business days for each extension) for a total of up to an additional forty
(40) days if any condition to the Offer is not satisfied or waived and such
condition is reasonably capable of being satisfied. If, on the expiration date
of the Offer, the Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the
Offer equal at least seventy percent (70%) of the outstanding shares but less
than ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding Shares (on a fully diluted
basis), Purchaser may, without the consent of the Company, (i) extend the
Offer for up to ten (10) business days or (ii) provide a subsequent offering
period of up to ten (10) business days, in each case notwithstanding that all
the conditions to the Offer have been satisfied. In addition, the Offer Price
may be increased (in which case the Offer will be extended to the extent
required by law in connection with such increase) without the consent of the
Company. The parties have also agreed that if either (a) the condition that
there be no action or proceeding instituted or pending which seeks to prohibit
the consummation of the Offer or to have certain other specified effects on
Parent, Purchaser or the Company, or (b) the condition that there be no
breaches of the Company's representations and warranties in the Merger
Agreement which would have, in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the
Company, is not satisfied or waived, then, at the written request of the
Company, Purchaser shall, and Parent shall cause Purchaser to, extend the
Offer in increments of five (5) business days each until the earliest to occur
of (i) the satisfaction or waiver of such condition, (ii) Parent's
determination that such condition could not reasonably be expected to be
satisfied on or prior to September 30, 2001, (iii) the termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, and (iv) September 30, 2001,
provided, however, that the Company shall have no such right to cause an
extension of the Offer if, in the case of a failure of the condition specified
in clause (a) to be satisfied, the Company has not cooperated with Parent in
using all reasonable efforts to cause such condition to be satisfied, or, in
the case of a failure of the condition specified in clause (b) to be
satisfied, such failure is the result of the Company's breach of or failure in
any material respect

to perform or comply with its material obligations, agreements and covenants
contained in the Merger Agreement to be performed through the Expiration Date.

  Any such extension, delay, termination, waiver or amendment of the Offer
will be followed as promptly as practicable by public announcement thereof,
such announcement to be issued no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on
the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date. Subject
to applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(b), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act")), which require that material changes be promptly disseminated to
Stockholders in a manner reasonably designed to inform them of such change)
and without limiting the manner in which Purchaser may choose to make any
public announcement, Purchaser shall have no obligation to publish, advertise
or otherwise communicate any such public announcement other than by issuing a
press release or other announcement.

  If Purchaser makes a material change in the terms of the Offer or the
information concerning the Offer, Purchaser will extend the Offer to the
extent required by Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(b), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the
Exchange Act.

  Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, if, prior to the Expiration
Date, Purchaser should increase the consideration being offered in the Offer,
such increase in the consideration being offered will be applicable to all
Stockholders whose Shares are accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer and,
if at the time notice of any increase in the consideration being offered is
first published, sent or given to holders of such Shares, the Offer is
scheduled to expire at any time earlier than the period ending on the tenth
business day from and including the date that such notice is first so
published, sent or given, the Offer will be extended at least until the
expiration of such ten business day period. For purposes of the Offer, a
"business day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday
and consists of the time period from 12:01 a.m. through 12:00 Midnight, New
York City time.

  The Company has provided Purchaser with mailing labels containing the names
and addresses of all record holders of Shares and with security position
listings of Shares held in stock depositories, together with all other
available listings and computer files containing names, addresses and security
position listings of record holders and beneficial owners of Shares. Using
these labels and lists, the Offer will be mailed to record holders of Shares,
will be furnished to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and
similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on these
lists for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares, and may be
mailed directly to beneficial owners.

  2. Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares. Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or
amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or amendment),
Purchaser will accept for payment, and will pay for, all Shares validly
tendered prior to the Expiration Date and not properly withdrawn, promptly
after the later to occur of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions set forth in "Section 14--Conditions to the
Offer." Subject to applicable rules of the SEC, Purchaser expressly reserves
the right to delay acceptance for payment of, or payment for, Shares until any
required government consents or approvals are received or obtained.

  In all cases, payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment pursuant
to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i)
the certificates representing tendered Shares (the "Certificates") or timely
confirmation of a book-entry transfer (a "Book-Entry Confirmation") of such
Shares into the Depositary's account at The Depository Trust Company (the
"Book-Entry Transfer Facility") pursuant to Section 3, (ii) the Letter of
Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, or
an Agent's Message (as defined in Section 3) in connection with a book-entry
transfer, and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal.

  For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for
payment, and thereby purchased, Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn if,
as and when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of
Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant to the Offer.
Payment for Shares

accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the
purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent for the
tendering Stockholders for the purposes of receiving payments from Purchaser
and transmitting such payments to the tendering Stockholders whose Shares have
been accepted for payment. If, for any reason whatsoever, acceptance for
payment of any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer is delayed, or Purchaser
is unable to accept for payment Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, then,
without prejudice to Purchaser's rights, the Depositary may, nevertheless, on
behalf of Purchaser, retain tendered Shares, and such Shares may not be
withdrawn, except to the extent that the tendering Stockholders are entitled
to withdrawal rights as described in "Section 4--Withdrawal Rights" and as
otherwise required by Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act. Under no
circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price to be paid by
Purchaser for the tendered Shares, regardless of any delay in making such
payment.

  If any tendering Shares are not accepted for payment for any reason pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Offer or if Certificates are submitted
evidencing more Shares than are tendered or accepted for payment, Certificates
for such unpurchased Shares will be returned, without expense to the tendering
Stockholder (or, in the case of Shares tendered by book-entry transfer into
the Depositary's account at a Book-Entry Transfer Facility pursuant to the
procedures set forth in Section 3, such Shares will be credited to an account
maintained with such Book-Entry Transfer Facility), as promptly as practicable
following expiration or termination of the Offer.

  Purchaser reserves the right to assign, in whole or from time to time in
part, to Parent or to any direct or indirect subsidiary of Parent the right to
purchase all or any portion of the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, but
any such assignment will not relieve Purchaser of its obligations under the
Offer or the Merger Agreement and will in no way prejudice the rights of
tendering Stockholders to receive payment for Shares validly tendered and
accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer.

  3. Procedure for Tendering Shares.

  Valid Tender of Shares. In order for a holder of Shares validly to tender
Shares pursuant to the Offer, a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof) in accordance with the instructions of
the Letter of Transmittal, together with any required signature guarantees
(or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message in lieu of the
Letter of Transmittal), and any other documents required by the Letter of
Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date
at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase,
and either (i) the Certificates evidencing tendered Shares must be received by
the Depositary at such address or such Shares must be tendered pursuant to the
procedures for book-entry transfer described below (and a Book-Entry
Confirmation of such delivery received by the Depositary, including an Agent's
Message if the tendering stockholder has not delivered a Letter of
Transmittal), prior to the Expiration Date or (ii) the tendering stockholder
must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below. The term
"Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-
Entry Confirmation, which states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility has
received an express acknowledgment from the participant in such Book-Entry
Transfer Facility tendering the Shares which are the subject of such Book-
Entry Confirmation, that such participant has received and agrees to be bound
by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce such
agreement against the participant.

  THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATES, THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND ALL
OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
FACILITY, IS AT THE ELECTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER, AND
DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY. IF
DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT THE STOCKHOLDER USE PROPERLY
INSURED REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED. IN ALL CASES,
SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

  Book-Entry Delivery. The Depositary will establish accounts with respect to
the Shares at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility for purposes of the Offer
within two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any

financial institution that is a participant in the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility's system may make book-entry delivery of the Shares by causing the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such Shares into the Depositary's
account in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedure for
such transfer. Although delivery of Shares may be effected through book-entry
at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, the Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile
thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required
signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in lieu of the Letter of
Transmittal, and any other required documents, must, in any case, be received
by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date at one or more of its addresses
set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase, or the tendering
stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedure described
below. Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility does not
constitute delivery to the Depositary.

  Signature Guarantees. Signatures on a Letter of Transmittal need not be
guaranteed (i) if the Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder
(which term, for purposes of this section, includes any participant in any of
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's systems whose name appears on a security
position listing as the owner of the Shares) of Shares and such registered
holder has not completed either the box entitled "Special Payment
Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" on the
Letter of Transmittal or (ii) if such Shares are tendered for the account of
an Eligible Institution. Otherwise, all signatures on a Letter of Transmittal
must be guaranteed by a firm which is a bank, broker, dealer, credit union,
savings association or other entity that is a member in good standing of the
Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, or by any other "eligible
guarantor institution," as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the
Exchange Act (each of the foregoing being referred to as an "Eligible
Institution"). See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal. In
addition, if a Certificate is registered in the name of a person other than
the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made or
Certificates for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be
returned to a person other than the registered holder of the Certificates
surrendered, then the tendered Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names
of the registered owner or owners appear on the Certificates, with the
signatures on the Certificates or stock powers guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal.

  Guaranteed Delivery. If a Stockholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to
the Offer and such Stockholder's Certificates evidencing such Shares are not
immediately available or time will not permit all required documents to reach
the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date or the procedure for book-entry
transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis, such Shares may nevertheless
be tendered if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

  (a) the tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution;

  (b) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery,
     substantially in the form provided by Purchaser herewith, is received by
     the Depositary as provided below prior to the Expiration Date; and

  (c) the Certificates (or a Book-Entry Confirmation) representing all
     tendered Shares, in proper form for transfer together with a properly
     completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile
     thereof), with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a
     book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message) and any other documents
     required by the Letter of Transmittal are received by the Depositary
     within three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of
     Guaranteed Delivery. A "trading day" is any day on which the New York
     Stock Exchange ("NYSE") is open for business.

  Any Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or mail or
transmitted by telegram, telex or facsimile transmission to the Depositary and
must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in
the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery made available by Purchaser.

  In all cases, payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment pursuant
to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i)
Certificates for (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation, if available, with
respect to) such Shares, (ii) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof),
properly completed and duly

executed, with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-
entry transfer, an Agent's Message), and (iii) any other documents required by
the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering Stockholders may be paid at
different times depending upon when certificates for Shares or Book-Entry
Confirmations with respect to the Shares are actually received by the
Depositary. Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price
to be paid by Purchaser for the tendered Shares, regardless of any extension
of the Offer or any delay in making such payment.

  Determination of Validity. All questions as to the validity, form,
eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance for payment of any
tender of Shares will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole discretion,
whose determination shall be final and binding on all parties. Purchaser
reserves the absolute right to reject any and all tenders of Shares determined
by it not to be in proper form or the acceptance for payment of which, or
payment for, such Shares may, in the opinion of Purchaser's counsel, be
unlawful. Purchaser also reserves the absolute right, in its sole discretion,
to waive any of the conditions of the Offer or any defect or irregularity in
the tender of any Shares of any particular Stockholder, whether or not similar
defects or irregularities are waived in the case of other stockholders. No
tender of Shares will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects
and irregularities relating thereto have been cured or waived. None of
Purchaser, Parent, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person
will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities
in tenders or will incur any liability for failure to give any such
notification. Purchaser's interpretation of the terms and conditions of the
Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and instructions thereto) will be
final and binding.

  Appointment of Proxy. By executing a Letter of Transmittal as set forth
above, a tendering Stockholder irrevocably appoints designees of Purchaser as
such Stockholder's proxies, in the manner set forth in the Letter of
Transmittal, each with full power of substitution, to the full extent of such
Stockholder's rights with respect to the Shares tendered by such Stockholder
and accepted for payment by Purchaser (and with respect to all other Shares or
other securities issued or issuable in respect of such Shares) on or after the
date of this Offer to Purchase. All such proxies will be considered coupled
with an interest in the tendered Shares. This appointment is effective if,
when, and only to the extent that Purchaser accepts such Shares for payment
pursuant to the Offer. Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior proxies
given by such Stockholder will be revoked, and no subsequent proxies may be
given nor any subsequent written consent executed by such Stockholder (and, if
given, will not be deemed effective) with respect thereto. Purchaser's
designees will, with respect to the Shares for which the appointment is
effective, be empowered to exercise all voting and other rights of such
Stockholder as they, in their sole discretion, may deem proper at any annual,
special or adjourned meeting of the Stockholders, by written consent in lieu
of any such meeting or otherwise. Purchaser reserves the right to require
that, in order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon
Purchaser's payment for such Shares, Purchaser must be able to exercise full
voting rights with respect to such Shares.

  The foregoing proxies are effective only upon acceptance for payment of
Shares pursuant to the Offer. The Offer does not constitute a solicitation of
proxies, absent a purchase of Shares, for any meeting of the Stockholders,
which will be made only pursuant to separate proxy solicitation materials
complying with the Exchange Act.

  Other Requirements. Purchaser's acceptance for payment of the Shares
tendered pursuant to any of the procedures described above will constitute a
binding agreement between the tendering Stockholder and Purchaser upon the
terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer.

  TO PREVENT BACKUP FEDERAL INCOME TAX WITHHOLDING WITH RESPECT TO PAYMENT TO
CERTAIN STOCKHOLDERS OF THE OFFER PRICE, EACH SUCH STOCKHOLDER MUST PROVIDE
THE DEPOSITARY WITH SUCH STOCKHOLDER'S CORRECT TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER
AND CERTIFY THAT SUCH STOCKHOLDER IS NOT SUBJECT TO BACKUP FEDERAL INCOME TAX
WITHHOLDING BY COMPLETING THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 IN THE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL. IF BACKUP WITHHOLDING APPLIES WITH RESPECT

TO A STOCKHOLDER, THE DEPOSITARY IS REQUIRED TO WITHHOLD A PORTION OF ANY
PAYMENTS MADE TO SUCH STOCKHOLDER. SEE INSTRUCTION 10 OF THE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL.

  4. Withdrawal Rights. Tenders of Shares made pursuant to the Offer are
irrevocable except that such Shares may be withdrawn at any time prior to the
Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for payment by Purchaser
pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after October 12,
2001. If Purchaser extends the Offer, is delayed in its acceptance for payment
of Shares, or is unable to accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer for
any reason, then, without prejudice to Purchaser's rights under the Offer, the
Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of Purchaser, retain tendered Shares,
and such Shares may not be withdrawn except in accordance with the withdrawal
procedures set forth in this Section 4.

  For a withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic or facsimile
transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at
one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase.
Any such notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who tendered
the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name
of the registered holder of such Shares, if different from that of the person
who tendered such Shares. If Certificates evidencing Shares to be withdrawn
have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then prior to
the physical release of such Certificates, the serial numbers shown on the
particular Certificates to be withdrawn must be submitted to the Depositary,
and the signature(s) on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution, unless such Shares have been tendered for the account of
an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the
procedures for book-entry tender as set forth in Section 3, any notice of
withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the Book-
Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares.

  All questions as to the form and validity (including, without limitation,
time of receipt) of notices of withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in
its sole discretion, whose determination shall be final and binding. None of
Parent, Purchaser, the Depositary, the Information Agent, or any other person
will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities
in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give such
notification.

  Any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not to have been
validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be
re-tendered at any time prior to the Expiration Date by following one of the
procedures described in Section 3.

  5. Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer and the Merger. The
following is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences
of the Offer and the Merger relevant to a beneficial holder of Shares whose
Shares are tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer or whose
Shares are converted to cash in the Merger (a "Holder"). The discussion is
based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"),
regulations issued thereunder, judicial decisions and administrative rulings,
all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. This
discussion does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation which
may be important to particular Holders in light of their individual investment
circumstances, such as Holders who do not hold the Shares as "capital assets"
within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code, Holders who acquired their
Shares through the exercise of options or otherwise as compensation, or
Holders subject to special tax rules (e.g., financial institutions, broker-
dealers, insurance companies, and tax-exempt organizations). In addition, this
discussion does not address state, local or foreign tax consequences. BECAUSE
INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES MAY DIFFER, EACH HOLDER OF SHARES IS URGED TO CONSULT
THAT HOLDER'S TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE SPECIFIC U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL
AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER.

  The receipt of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or in the Merger will
be a taxable transaction for federal income tax purposes and may also be a
taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign tax laws. In
general, a Holder will recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes
equal to the difference between the amount of cash received in exchange for
the Shares sold or converted and such Holder's adjusted tax basis in

such Shares. Assuming the Shares constitute capital assets in the hands of the
Holder, such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss. If, at the time the
Holder disposes of the Shares, the Shares then exchanged have been held for
more than one year, such gain or loss will be a long-term capital gain or
loss. Under current law, long-term capital gains of individuals are, under
certain circumstances, taxed at lower rates than items of ordinary income.

  A Holder (other than certain exempt Holders including, among others,
corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) that tenders Shares
may be subject to backup withholding unless the Holder provides its taxpayer
identification number, or unless an exemption applies. The backup withholding
rate is 30.5% for amounts paid after August 6, 2001 and 30% for amounts paid
after December 31, 2001 but before January 1, 2004. If backup withholding
applies to a Holder, the Depositary is required to withhold the applicable
rate from payments to such Holder. Backup withholding is not an additional
tax. Rather, the amount of the backup withholding can be credited against the
federal income tax liability of the person subject to the backup withholding,
provided that the required information is given to the Internal Revenue
Service. If backup withholding results in an overpayment of tax, a refund can
be obtained by the Holder from the Internal Revenue Service.

  6. Price Range of Shares; Dividends. As of the date hereof, the Shares are
listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "XTR." The following table sets
forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high and low sales prices for
the Company's Common Stock as quoted on the NYSE:

      Fiscal Year                                                    High   Low
      -----------                                                    ----- -----

Fiscal Year ended September 30, 1999:
  First Quarter..................................................... 49.25 37.50
  Second Quarter.................................................... 43.50 37.50
  Third Quarter..................................................... 46.25 37.75
  Fourth Quarter.................................................... 47.81 39.75
Fiscal Year ended September 30, 2000:
  First Quarter..................................................... 42.88 39.56
  Second Quarter.................................................... 46.75 36.38
  Third Quarter..................................................... 47.50 38.25
  Fourth Quarter.................................................... 45.25 38.75
Fiscal Year ending September 30, 2001:
  First Quarter..................................................... 49.50 42.81
  Second Quarter.................................................... 50.40 45.13
  Third Quarter..................................................... 53.77 47.36
  Fourth Quarter.................................................... 55.15 49.09
    (through August 10, 2001)

  According to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
September 30, 1999, the Company suspended payment of dividends pursuant to a
previous merger agreement which terminated on November 25, 1998, and has not
declared a cash dividend on its Common Stock since the first two quarters of
fiscal year 1998. According to the Company's 10-K for the year ended September
30, 2000, the Company continues not to pay dividends and has no current plans
to do so; furthermore, the Company's loan agreements restrict the payment of
dividends or repurchases of Common Stock by the Company.

  On July 30, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement
of the signing of the Merger Agreement, the closing price of the Company's
Common Stock reported on the NYSE was $52.30 per Share. Stockholders are urged
to obtain a current market quotation for the Shares.

  7. Effect of the Offer on Market for the Shares, Stock Exchange Listing, and
Exchange Act Registration.

  Market for Shares. The purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer
will reduce the number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly and will
reduce the number of holders of Shares, which could adversely affect the
liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares held by the Stockholders.

  Stock Exchange Listing. Depending upon the number of Shares purchased
pursuant to the Offer, the Shares may no longer meet the requirements of the
NYSE for continued listing and may be delisted from the NYSE. According to the
NYSE's published guidelines, the NYSE would consider delisting the Shares if,
among other things, (i) the number of total Stockholders should fall below
400, (ii) the number of total Stockholders should fall below 1,200 and the
average monthly trading volume should fall below 100,000 Shares for the most
recent twelve months, or (iii) the number of publicly held Shares (exclusive
of Shares held by officers and directors and their immediate families and
other concentrated holdings of 10% or more) should fall below 600,000. The
Company has advised Purchaser that, as of July 30, 2001, there were 10,506,973
Shares outstanding, held by approximately 559 holders of record. If the NYSE
were to delist the Shares, the market for the Shares could be adversely
affected.

  If the NYSE were to delist the Shares, it is possible that the Shares would
be traded or quoted on other securities exchanges or on the over-the-counter
bulletin board, and that price quotations would be reported by such exchanges
or other sources. The extent of the public market for the Shares and the
availability of such quotations would, however, depend upon the number of
Stockholders and/or the aggregate market value of the Shares remaining at such
time, the interest in maintaining a market in the Shares on the part of
securities firms, the possible termination of registration of the Shares under
the Exchange Act and other factors. The reduction in the number of Shares that
might otherwise trade publicly could have an adverse effect on the market
price for or marketability of the Shares and it could cause future market
prices to be greater or less than the Merger Consideration.

  Margin Regulations. The Shares are presently "margin securities" under the
regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
"Federal Reserve Board"), which has the effect, among other things, of
allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of such securities.
Depending upon factors similar to those described above regarding listing and
market quotations, following the Offer it is possible that the Shares might no
longer constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the Federal Reserve
Board's margin regulations, in which event the Shares could no longer be used
as collateral for loans made by brokers.

  Exchange Act Regulation. The Shares are currently registered under the
Exchange Act. Such registration may be terminated by the Company upon
application to the SEC if the Shares are not listed on a national securities
exchange and if there are fewer than 300 record holders. The termination of
registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act would substantially reduce
the information required to be furnished by the Company to its Stockholders
and to the SEC and would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act, such as
the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b), the requirement
of furnishing a proxy statement in connection with Stockholders' meetings and
the related requirement of furnishing an annual report to Stockholders, and
the requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect to "going-
private" transactions, no longer applicable to the Shares. In addition,
"affiliates" of the Company and persons holding "restricted securities" of the
Company may be deprived of the ability to dispose of such securities pursuant
to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If registration of
the Shares under the Exchange Act were terminated, the Shares would no longer
be eligible for quotation on the NYSE or for continued inclusion on the
Federal Reserve Board's list of "margin securities."

  Purchaser's Plans. Purchaser currently intends to seek to cause the Company
to apply for termination of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act
as soon after the completion of the Offer as allowed. If registration of the
Shares is not terminated prior to the Merger, then the Shares will cease to be
quoted on the NYSE and the registration under the Exchange Act will be
terminated following completion of the Merger.

  8. Certain Information Concerning the Company. The information concerning
the Company contained in this Offer to Purchase has been taken from or is
based upon publicly available documents and records on file with the SEC and
other public sources. Neither Parent nor Purchaser assumes any responsibility
for the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Company
contained in such documents and records or for any failure by the Company to
disclose events which may have occurred or may affect the significance or
accuracy of any such information but which are unknown to Parent or Purchaser.

  General. The Company is a Delaware corporation with its principal executive
offices located at 200 Nyala Farms Road, Westport, Connecticut 06880. The
Company's telephone number is (203) 221-1005. The Company leases freight
transportation equipment, managing a fleet of approximately 282,000 trailers
and containers designed for transporting goods by truck, rail or ship. The
Company primarily offers operating leases on a daily or term basis and
supplements the leasing arrangement with customer services, such as roadside
assistance, insurance, repair and maintenance and regulatory compliance, for
which the customer pays specified fees. A wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, XTRA Inc., owns substantially all of the equipment and manages the
leases. The Company carries out business through the use of three operating
divisions. One division, XTRA Lease, manages the Company's over-the-road (OTR)
trailers, such as cargo vans, for use in trucking operations in North America,
mostly in the United States. This division manages approximately 89,000 units
and is believed to be one of the largest OTR trailer lessors in North America.
A second division, XTRA Intermodal, oversees the leasing of equipment used in
intermodal freight transportation primarily in the United States. Intermodal
transportation is the transport of freight by multiple modes of
transportation, such as shipping goods by a combination of rail, truck and
ship. The intermodal division leases marine and domestic chassis, which are
wheeled frames that can carry containers for goods, as well as a fleet of
intermodal trailers that can be carried by tractors on the highway, by ships
and barges and on rail flatcars. Containers designed for chassis and for rail
transportation are also leased. The third division of the Company, XTRA
International, leases marine containers designed to transport freight on ships
traveling worldwide. Since 1999, the international division has been managed
by Textainer Equipment Management Limited, which has approximately 15% of the
world's market share in the international container leasing business. The
Company had a net investment of approximately $1.5 billion in its equipment as
of June 30, 2001, employs approximately 722 employees, and maintains
85 storage and distribution facilities in North America.

  The Company is subject to the information and reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act and in accordance therewith is obligated to file reports and
other information with the SEC relating to its business, financial condition
and other matters. Information, as of particular dates, concerning the
Company's directors and officers, their remuneration, stock options granted to
them, the principal holders of the Company's securities, any material
interests of such persons in transactions with the Company and other matters
is required to be disclosed in proxy statements distributed to the
Stockholders and filed with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements and other
information should be available for inspection at the public reference room at
the SEC's office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, and also
should be available for inspection and copying at the regional offices of the
SEC located at Seven World Trade Center, 13th Floor, New York, New York 10048
and Citicorp Center, 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois
60661. Information regarding the public reference facilities may be obtained
from the SEC by telephoning 1-800-SEC-0330. Copies may be obtained, by mail,
upon payment of the SEC's customary charges, by writing to its Public
Reference Section at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 and can be
accessed electronically on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov.

  9. Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and Parent. Purchaser is a
Delaware corporation and to date has engaged in no activities other than those
incident to its formation and the commencement of the Offer. Purchaser is a
direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. The principal executive offices of
Purchaser and Parent are located at 1440 Kiewit Plaza, Omaha, Nebraska 68131.
The telephone number of Purchaser and Parent is (402) 346-1400.

  Parent, a Delaware corporation, is a holding company engaged through
subsidiaries in a number of diverse businesses, the most important of which is
property and casualty insurance and reinsurance offered on both a direct and
reinsurance basis through insurance subsidiaries.

  Parent may be deemed to be controlled by Warren E. Buffett, who is Parent's
chairman and chief executive officer and who, together with his wife,
beneficially owns Parent shares representing approximately 37.5% of its voting
power.

  Additional information concerning Parent is set forth in Parent's Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, and the subsequent
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which reports may be obtained from the SEC in
the manner set forth with respect to information concerning the Company in
Section 8.

  The name, citizenship, business address, principal occupation, and five-year
employment history of each of the directors and executive officers of Parent
and Purchaser are set forth in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase.

  None of Parent, Purchaser nor, to the best of their knowledge, any of the
persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, nor any associate or
majority owned subsidiary of any of the foregoing, beneficially owns or has
any right to acquire, directly or indirectly, any Shares and none of Parent,
Purchaser nor, to the best of their knowledge, any of the persons or entities
referred to above, nor any director, executive officer or subsidiary of any of
the foregoing, has effected any transaction in the Shares during the past 60
days, other than pursuant to the Merger Agreement and the Stockholders
Agreement.

  Except as provided in the Merger Agreement and Stockholder's Agreement, and
as otherwise described in this Offer to Purchase, (i) none of Parent,
Purchaser nor any of Parent's other subsidiaries nor, to the best of their
knowledge, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase,
has any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship with any other
person with respect to any securities of the Company, including, but not
limited to, any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship
concerning the transfer or the voting of any such securities, finder's fees,
joint ventures, loan or option arrangements, puts or calls, guaranties of
loans, guaranties against loss, guarantees of profits, division of profits or
loss or the giving or withholding of proxies, and (ii) none of Parent,
Purchaser nor, to the best of their knowledge, any of the persons listed on
Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, has had any business relationship or
transaction with the Company or any of its executive officers, directors or
affiliates that is required to be reported under the rules and regulations of
the SEC applicable to the Offer. Set forth below in Section 11 of this Offer
to Purchase and elsewhere herein is a summary description of the mutual
contacts, negotiations and transactions between any of Purchaser or Parent, or
any of their respective subsidiaries or any of the persons listed on Schedule
I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and the Company or its
affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a merger, consolidation or
acquisition, tender offer or other acquisition of securities, an election of
directors or a sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets.

  10. Source and Amount of Funds. The total amount of funds required by
Purchaser to purchase Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger and to
settle all outstanding options to acquire Shares is estimated to be
approximately $590 million plus certain customary fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the Offer and the Merger. The Offer and the Merger are not
conditioned upon the Purchaser entering into any financing arrangements.
Purchaser intends to obtain all required funds from Parent, and Parent will
obtain such funds from available working capital.

  11. Background of the Offer; Contacts with the Company; the Merger Agreement
and Stockholders Agreement.

Background of the Offer; Contacts with the Company

  Neither Parent nor Purchaser assumes responsibility for the accuracy or
completeness of any information contained herein regarding the Company's
discussions with any person other than Parent, Purchaser and their
representatives, or regarding any matters involving the board of directors of
the Company (the "Board"), other than matters in which Parent, Purchaser or
their representatives directly participated. All such information has been
provided to Parent and Purchaser by the Company for inclusion herein.

  In April 2000, Julian H. Robertson, Jr., who controls two investment
advisers which manage funds that are significant stockholders of the Company,
telephoned Warren E. Buffett, chairman and chief executive officer of

Parent. Mr. Robertson was responding to a suggestion from Mr. Buffett that the
Company might fit well in Parent's organization. Messrs. Buffett and Robertson
discussed in general terms Mr. Robertson's possible interest in selling the
shares beneficially owned by his investment advisers. Following this
conversation, on several occasions in 2000, Mr. Buffett and Lewis Rubin, the
Company's president and chief executive officer, engaged in informal,
preliminary discussions about the possibility of Parent acquiring the Company.

  In late June 2001, Mr. Robertson telephoned Mr. Buffett. Mr. Robertson
explained that he was interested in selling the Shares beneficially owned by
his two investment advisers. Mr. Buffett expressed an interest in acquiring
either the Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Robertson's investment advisers or
all of the Shares of the Company. On July 3, 2001, after being advised by Mr.
Robertson of his discussions with Mr. Buffett, Mr. Rubin telephoned Mr.
Buffett, who told Mr. Rubin that Parent would be interested in purchasing
either the Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Robertson's advisers or all of the
Shares of the Company, if, in either case, the Board would be in favor of the
transaction.

  On July 9, 2001, Mr. Rubin and Mr. Buffett spoke again by telephone. Mr.
Buffett said that Parent would be interested in acquiring all of the Shares of
the Company for $55.00 per Share in cash, with no financing contingency. Mr.
Buffett further stated that Parent could quickly negotiate and execute a
definitive agreement, and did not need to conduct a due diligence review other
than a review of publicly available information. Mr. Rubin inquired whether
the $55.00 per Share represented Parent's final and best offer. Mr. Buffett
responded that it was Parent's final and best offer. Mr. Rubin indicated that
he would informally present the proposal to the Board.

  On July 12, 2001, the Board met telephonically to review Parent's proposal.
The Board reviewed the status of Mr. Rubin's discussions with Mr. Buffett. The
Board considered the price offered by Parent, the limited contingencies and
financial strength of Parent, the likelihood of the transaction closing
successfully, the limited interest shown by other parties in acquiring the
Company, the benefit of an all cash transaction to the Company's long-term
stockholders, the effect of the transaction on the Company's employees and the
expectation of a continued challenging economic environment. The Board
authorized Mr. Rubin to continue discussions with Mr. Buffett and to retain an
investment advisor for the Company.

  On July 13, 2001, Mr. Rubin telephoned Mr. Buffett to tell him that the
Board had authorized Mr. Rubin to negotiate with Parent, engage a financial
advisor to render a fairness opinion and then return to the Board with a
definitive agreement. Parent's legal counsel then contacted the Company's
legal counsel to begin preparation of the definitive acquisition documents.
During the period from July 13 through July 30, 2001, representatives of the
Company and Parent and their respective legal counsel negotiated the terms of
the Merger Agreement.

  On July 16, 2001, the Company engaged Goldman, Sachs & Co. ("Goldman Sachs")
to advise the Company in connection with Parent's acquisition proposal. Mr.
Rubin also spoke to Mr. Robertson and informed Mr. Robertson about the
proposal. Mr. Robertson indicated that he would support Parent's proposal.

  On July 17, 2001, Parent's legal counsel contacted Mr. Robertson to indicate
that Parent, in connection with agreeing to make a cash tender offer and
effect a merger, wanted an agreement from Mr. Robertson and his two investment
advisers to tender the Shares beneficially owned by the investment advisers
and to grant Parent an option with respect to such Shares. Mr. Robertson asked
Parent's legal counsel to negotiate the terms of such an agreement with his
legal counsel.

  On July 30, 2001, the Board met to consider Parent's proposal and the
detailed terms of the proposed transaction. Mr. Rubin reviewed the
negotiations with Mr. Buffett. Mr. Rubin also noted that, since the
termination of a prior acquisition transaction with Apollo Management IV, L.P.
and certain related entities in November 1998, the Company had not received
any formal or informal acquisition proposals, despite informal discussions
with a number of third parties regarding potential transactions. Ropes & Gray,
the Company's legal counsel, made presentations to the Board relating to,
among other things, the structure of the proposed transaction, the arms-length
negotiation of the proposed termination fee, the fiduciary obligations of the
Board and the terms of the Merger Agreement relating to the exercise of such
duties.

  At the meeting, Goldman Sachs reviewed financial and comparative analyses
with respect to the proposed transaction. Goldman Sachs then advised the Board
that it was prepared to render an opinion to the Board to the effect that, as
of that date, the $55.00 in cash per share to be received by holders of Shares
in the Offer and the Merger is fair to such holders from a financial point of
view. At the conclusion of the meeting, the Board determined that the Merger
is advisable and that the terms of the Offer and the Merger are fair to and in
the best interests of the Company's stockholders, by unanimous vote approved
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and determined
to recommend that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer and tender their
Shares pursuant to the Offer.

  Following the Board meeting on July 30, 2001, Parent, Purchaser and the
Company finalized and executed the Merger Agreement. At the same time, Parent,
Purchaser, and Mr. Robertson (and the entities he controls which beneficially
own the Shares) all executed the Stockholders Agreement.

  On July 31, 2001, prior to the opening of trading on the NYSE, the execution
of the Merger Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement was announced in a
joint press release of the Company and Parent.

The Merger Agreement

  The following is a summary of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed
as an Exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by Purchaser
and Parent with the SEC in connection with the Offer (the "Schedule TO"). Such
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement. See
Section 17 for information on how to obtain a copy of the Schedule TO.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in the following description of the
Merger Agreement have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Merger
Agreement.

  The Offer. The Merger Agreement provides for the commencement of the Offer
on the tenth business day after the first public announcement of execution of
the Merger Agreement, which announcement occurred on July 31, 2001. The
obligation of Purchaser to accept for payment and pay for Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
that are described below under the caption "Section 14--Conditions to the
Offer."

  Purchaser and Parent have agreed that, without the prior written consent of
the Company, no change in the Offer may be made which decreases the price per
Share payable in the Offer, which reduces the maximum number of Shares to be
purchased in the Offer, or which adds to or modifies the conditions to the
Offer set forth below under "Section 14--Conditions to the Offer." If
Purchaser and Parent are not in material breach of the Merger Agreement,
Purchaser may, without the consent of the Company, extend the Offer (in one or
more extensions of not more than ten (10) business days for each extension)
for a total of up to an additional 40 days if any condition to the Offer is
not satisfied or waived and such condition is reasonably capable of being
satisfied. If, on the Expiration Date, the Shares validly tendered and not
withdrawn pursuant to the Offer equal at least seventy percent (70%) of the
outstanding shares but less than ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding
Shares (on a fully diluted basis), Purchaser may, without the consent of the
Company, (i) extend the Offer for up to 10 business days or (ii) provide for a
subsequent offering period of up to 10 business days in accordance with Rule
14d-11 of the Exchange Act, in each case notwithstanding that all the
conditions to the Offer have been satisfied. In addition, the Offer Price may
be increased (in which case the Offer will be extended to the extent required
by law in connection with such increase) without the consent of the Company.
The parties have also agreed that if either (a) the condition that there be no
action or proceeding instituted or pending which seeks to prohibit the
consummation of the Offer or to have certain other specified effects on
Parent, Purchaser or the Company, or (b) the condition that there be no
breaches of the Company's representations and warranties in the Merger
Agreement which would have, in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the
Company, is not satisfied or waived, then, at the written request of the
Company, Purchaser shall, and Parent shall cause Purchaser to, extend the
Offer in increments of five (5) business days each until the earliest to occur
of (i) the satisfaction or waiver of such condition, (ii) Parent's
determination that such condition could not reasonably be expected to be
satisfied on or prior to September 30, 2001, (iii) the termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its

terms, and (iv) September 30, 2001, provided, however, that the Company shall
have no such right to cause an extension of the Offer if, in the case of a
failure of the condition specified in clause (a) to be satisfied, the Company
has not cooperated with Parent in using all reasonable efforts to cause such
condition to be satisfied, or, in the case of a failure of the condition
specified in clause (b) to be satisfied, such failure is the result of the
Company's breach of or failure in any material respect to perform or comply
with its material obligations, agreements and covenants contained in the
Merger Agreement to be performed through the Expiration Date.

  Board Representation. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, promptly upon the
purchase by Purchaser of Shares pursuant to the Offer, and from time to time
thereafter as Shares are acquired by Purchaser, Parent or their affiliates,
Purchaser shall be entitled to designate such number of directors, rounded up
to the next whole number, on the Board as will give Purchaser, subject to
compliance with Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act, representation on the Board
equal to that number of directors which equals the product of the total number
of directors on the Board (giving effect to the election or appointment of any
additional directors pursuant to the Merger Agreement and including current
directors serving as officers of the Company) multiplied by the percentage
that the aggregate number of Shares beneficially owned by Parent, Purchaser or
any of their affiliates (including such Shares as are accepted for payment
pursuant to the Offer, but excluding Shares held by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries) bears to the total number of Shares then issued and outstanding.
The Company has also agreed, upon request by the Purchaser, to use its best
efforts to include the same percentage of Purchaser's designees on each
committee of the Board and the Board of Directors of each subsidiary of the
Company as are on the Board. The Company has also agreed, upon request by
Purchaser, to promptly increase the size of the Board as is necessary to
enable Purchaser's designees to be elected to the Board and to cause
Purchaser's designees to be so elected; provided that, if Purchaser's
designees are appointed or elected to the Board, until the Effective Time, the
Board shall have at least two directors who are directors on the date of the
Merger Agreement and who are neither officers of the Company nor designees,
stockholders, affiliates or associates (within the meaning of the federal
securities laws) of Parent (the "Independent Directors"). The Merger Agreement
also provides that, during the period after such election of directors
designated by Purchaser but prior to the Effective Time, the Board shall
delegate to a committee of the Board comprised solely of the Independent
Directors the sole responsibility for (i) the amendment or termination of the
Merger Agreement on behalf of the Company, other than a termination in
connection with the Company's execution of a definitive agreement providing
for a Superior Proposal, (ii) the waiver of any of the Company's rights or
remedies under the Merger Agreement, (iii) the extension of the time for
performance of Parent's or Purchaser's obligations under the Merger Agreement,
or (iv) the assertion or enforcement of the Company's rights under the Merger
Agreement to (a) object to a failure to consummate the Merger for a failure of
the condition that the Company perform in all material respects all material
obligations required by it under the Merger Agreement to be satisfied or (b)
object to a termination of the Merger Agreement by Parent based on any a
lleged inaccuracy in the representations and warranties of the Company in the
Merger Agreement.

  The Merger. The Merger Agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions thereof, and an accordance with the DGCL, at the Effective
Time, Purchaser shall be merged with and into the Company. As a result of the
Merger, the separate corporate existence of Purchaser will cease and the
Company will continue as the Surviving Corporation. Upon consummation of the
Merger, each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time held by a Stockholder (other than Shares held by a Stockholder who
properly exercises appraisal rights under the DGCL) shall be canceled and
shall be converted automatically into the right to receive from the Surviving
Corporation the Merger Consideration, payable without interest. All Shares
that are owned by the Company as treasury stock, all Shares owned by any
subsidiary of the Company and any Shares owned by Parent, Purchaser or any
other wholly owned subsidiary of Parent will be canceled and retired and will
cease to exist and no consideration will be delivered in exchange therefor.

  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each share of
common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Purchaser issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and exchanged
for one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock,
par value $.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation.

  The Merger Agreement provides that after the Effective Time, the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Company shall be amended as desired by Parent and as
so amended will be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation. The Merger Agreement also provides that the By-laws of Purchaser,
as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, will be the By-laws of
the Surviving Corporation.

  Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation. The Merger Agreement
provides that the directors of Purchaser and the officers of the Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time will, from and after the Effective
Time, be the directors and officers, respectively, of the Surviving
Corporation until their successors have been duly elected or appointed or
qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance
with the Surviving Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws.

  Treatment of Options. Under the Merger Agreement, the Company shall adopt
resolutions or take other actions as may be required to adjust the terms of
all outstanding stock options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock
("Company Stock Options") granted under the Company's 1987 Stock Incentive
Plan, 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, 1991 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee
Directors, 1998 General Stock Incentive Plan and Deferred Director Fee Option
Plan, each as amended prior to the date of the Merger Agreement (the "Option
Plans"), to provide that each Company Stock Option (whether vested or
unvested) with an exercise price of less than the Offer Price shall be
canceled at the Effective Time in exchange for a payment (the
"Option Payment') from the Surviving Corporation (subject to any applicable
withholding taxes) equal to the product of (i) the total number of shares
(without regard to vesting) of Company Common Stock subject to such Company
Stock Option and (ii) the excess of the Offer Price over the exercise price
per share of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option,
payable in cash immediately following the Effective Time.

  Any Company Stock Options granted by the Option Plans and any other plan,
program or arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any interest in
respect of the capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary not otherwise
canceled in exchange for the Option Payment shall terminate as of the
Effective Time.

  Stockholders' Meeting. The Merger Agreement provides that the Company will,
if required by applicable law in order to consummate the Merger, (i) duly
call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of the Stockholders (the
"Special Meeting") as soon as practicable following the acceptance for payment
and purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer (and, if later, the
expiration of any subsequent offering period) for the purpose of considering
and taking action upon the Merger Agreement, (ii) prepare and file with the
SEC a preliminary proxy or information statement relating to the Merger and
the Merger Agreement and use its reasonable efforts (a) to obtain and furnish
the information required to be included by the federal securities laws (and
the rules and regulations thereunder) in the Proxy Statement (as hereinafter
defined) and, after consultation with Parent, to respond promptly to any
comments made by the SEC with respect to the preliminary proxy or information
statement and cause a definitive proxy or information statement (the "Proxy
Statement") to be mailed to its Stockholders and (b) to obtain the necessary
approvals of the Merger and the Merger Agreement by its Stockholders; and
(iii) include in the Proxy Statement the recommendation of the Board that
Stockholders vote in favor of the approval of the Merger and the adoption of
the Merger Agreement, unless such recommendation has been withdrawn, or as
such recommendation has been modified, in accordance with the Merger
Agreement.

  Parent has agreed to provide the Company with the information concerning
Parent and Purchaser required to be included in the Proxy Statement and to
vote, or cause to be voted, all of the Shares then owned by it, Purchaser or
any of its other subsidiaries and affiliates in favor of the approval of the
Merger and the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement.

  Merger Without Meeting of Stockholders. In the event that Parent and
Purchaser acquire at least ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding Shares
pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, each of the parties to the Merger
Agreement has agreed to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the
Merger to become effective as soon as practicable after such acquisition,
without a meeting of Stockholders, in accordance with Section 253 of the DGCL.

  Conduct of Business. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, during the period
from the date of the Merger Agreement to the earlier of (i) the date when
directors designated by Parent or Purchaser have been elected to and
constitute a majority of the Board, or (ii) the Effective Time, unless Parent
otherwise agrees in writing, the Company has agreed that it will, and will
cause its subsidiaries to, in all material respects, (a) conduct the business
of the Company and its subsidiaries as a whole in the usual, regular and
ordinary course consistent with past practice and (b) use all reasonable
efforts consistent with past practice to maintain and preserve the business
organization of the Company and its subsidiaries as a whole and the goodwill
of those having business relationships with them and retain the services of
present officers and key employees to the extent the Company's management
determines it to be in the Company's best interest.

  The Company has further agreed that during this period, except as expressly
provided in the Merger Agreement, it will not, nor will it permit any of its
subsidiaries to, without the prior written consent of Parent:

  (i) (a) issue, sell, grant, dispose of, pledge or otherwise encumber, or
      authorize or propose the issuance, sale, disposition or pledge or other
      encumbrance of (1) any additional shares of its capital stock or any
      securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable for, or evidencing
      the right to subscribe for any shares of its capital stock, or any
      rights, warrants, option, calls, commitments or any other agreements of
      any character to purchase or acquire any shares of its capital stock or
      any securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable for, or
      evidencing the right to subscribe for, any shares of capital stock of
      the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (2) any other securities in
      respect of, in lieu of, or in substitution for, any shares of capital
      stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries outstanding on the date
      of the Merger Agreement other than pursuant to the exercise of stock
      options outstanding as of the date of the Merger Agreement; (b) redeem,
      purchase or otherwise acquire, or propose to redeem, purchase or
      otherwise acquire, any of its or its subsidiaries' outstanding shares
      of capital stock; or (c) split, combine, subdivide or reclassify any
      shares of its capital stock or declare, set aside for payment or pay
      any dividend, or make any other actual, constructive or deemed
      distribution in respect of any shares of its capital stock or otherwise
      make any payments to its Stockholders in their capacity as such;
      except, in the cases of clauses (a) and (b), as required by certain
      existing agreements;

  (ii) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
       practice, incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any
       such indebtedness or make any loans, advances or capital contributions
       to, or investments in, any other person other than the Company or its
       subsidiaries, except for amounts not in excess of $1 million in the
       aggregate;

  (iii) sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of its
        properties or assets with a minimum value in excess of $10 million to
        any individual, corporation or other entity other than a direct or
        indirect wholly owned subsidiary, or cancel, release or assign any
        indebtedness in excess of $1 million to any such person or any claims
        held by any such person, in each case that is material to the Company
        and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except (a) in the ordinary
        course of business consistent with past practice or (b) pursuant to
        contracts or agreements in effect at the date of the Merger
        Agreement;

  (iv) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
       practice or in fulfillment of agreements identified to Parent and
       Purchaser and existing as of the date of the Merger Agreement, make
       any acquisition or investment in a business either by purchase of
       stock or securities, merger or consolidation, contributions to
       capital, property transfers, or purchases of any property or assets of
       any other individual, corporation or other entity other than a wholly
       owned subsidiary of the Company;

  (v) increase in any manner the compensation of any of its directors,
      officers or employees or enter into, establish, amend, or terminate any
      company benefit plans other than (a) as required pursuant to existing
      agreements in effect at the date of the Merger Agreement, and (b)
      increases in salaries, wages and benefits of employees who are not
      directors or executive officers of the Company made in the ordinary
      course of business and consistent with past practice;

  (vi)amend the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws;

  (vii) waive or fail to enforce any provision of any confidentiality or
        standstill agreement to which it is a party;

  (viii)make any commitment to take any of these aforementioned actions.

  Access to Information. Upon reasonable notice and subject to applicable laws
and obligations to third parties under confidentiality agreements identified
to Parent and Purchaser, the Company has agreed to, and to cause each of its
subsidiaries to, afford to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel and
other representatives of Parent, during normal business hours during the
period prior to the Effective Time, reasonable access to all its properties,
books, contracts, commitments and records, with the exception of all employee
records containing medical information, and to its officers, employees,
accountants, counsel and other representatives and, during such period, to
make available to Parent (i) a copy of each report, schedule, registration
statement and other document filed or received by it during such period
pursuant to the requirements of federal securities laws and (ii) all other
information concerning its business, properties and personnel as Parent may
reasonably request. No investigation by any of the parties or their respective
representatives shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements set forth in the Merger Agreement.

  The information provided by the Company to facilitate the Merger will be
used solely for the purpose of the Transactions, and unless and until the
Merger is consummated, such information will be kept secret and confidential
by Parent and Purchaser, except that the information provided or portions
thereof may be disclosed to those of Parent's and Purchaser's or their
affiliates' directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors (collectively,
the "Representatives") who (i) need to know such information for the purpose
of the Transactions, (ii) shall be advised by Parent or Purchaser, as the case
may be, of the confidentiality obligations imposed by the Merger Agreement,
(iii) agree to hold the information provided as secret and confidential and
(iv) agree with Parent and Purchaser to be bound by the confidentiality
obligations imposed by the Merger Agreement. If the Merger Agreement is
terminated, Parent shall, and shall cause the Purchaser and each of their
Representatives, to return or destroy (and certify destruction of) all
information provided.

  Further Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement, Parent and the Company have agreed to, and to cause their
subsidiaries to, use all reasonable efforts (i) to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions necessary, proper or advisable to comply promptly with all legal
requirements which may be imposed on such party or its subsidiaries with
respect to the Merger and, subject to certain conditions set forth in the
Merger Agreement, to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement (including, without limitation, the Offer and the Merger) as
promptly as practicable and (ii) to obtain (and to cooperate with the other
party to obtain) any consent, authorization, order or approval of, or any
exemption by, any Governmental Entity (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and
any other third party which is required to be obtained by the Company or
Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries in connection with the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and to comply
with the terms and conditions of any such consent, authorization, order or
approval.

  The Company and Parent have further agreed, subject to the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement, to use all reasonable efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, as soon as
practicable after the date of the Merger Agreement, the transactions
contemplated therein, including, without limitation, using all reasonable
efforts to lift or rescind any injunction or restraining order or other order
adversely affecting the ability of the parties to consummate the Transactions
and using all reasonable efforts to defend any litigation seeking to enjoin,
prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby or
seeking material damages.

  Representations and Warranties. The Merger Agreement contains various
customary representations and warranties of the Company and Parent including
representations by the Company and Parent as to the enforceability of the
Merger Agreement. More specifically, the Company's representations and
warranties

include, but are not limited to, representations and warranties relating to
the Company's organization and qualification, its authority to enter into the
Merger Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, its
compliance with applicable laws, its capitalization, the absence of certain
changes or events concerning its business, the absence of litigation other
than that disclosed to Parent and Purchaser, the accuracy of its financial
statements and filings with the SEC, certain of its employment matters, its
compliance in environmental matters, the extent of broker and financial
advisor fees, the disclosure of material agreements, the absence of
restrictive take over provisions, its intellectual property and other
properties and its compliance with tax returns and tax payments.

  Indemnification of Officers and Directors. The Merger Agreement provides
that, upon the designation by Parent or Purchaser of a majority of the Board,
Parent shall, and shall cause the Company to, and from and after the Effective
Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, indemnify,
defend and hold harmless each person who is now or has been at any time prior
to the date of the Merger Agreement or who becomes such prior to the Effective
Time, an officer, director, agent, fiduciary or employee of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries (the "Indemnified Parties") against (i) any and all
losses, claims, damages, costs, expenses, fines, liabilities or judgments or
amounts that are paid in settlement with the approval of the indemnifying
party (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) of or in connection
with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation based in whole or in
part on or arising in whole or in part out of the fact that such person is or
was a director, officer, agent, fiduciary or employee of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries whether pertaining to any action or omission existing or
occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and whether asserted or claimed
prior to, or at or after, the Effective Time ("Indemnified Liabilities"), and
(ii) all Indemnified Liabilities based in whole or in part on, or arising in
whole or in part out of, or pertaining to the Merger Agreement or the
Transactions; provided, however, that, in the case of the Purchaser and the
Surviving Corporation such indemnification shall only be to the fullest extent
a corporation is permitted under the DGCL, as applicable, to indemnify its own
directors, officers, agents, fiduciaries and employees, and in the case of
Parent, such indemnification shall not be limited by the DGCL but such
indemnification shall not be applicable to any claims made against the
Indemnified Parties if a judgment or other final adjudication established that
their acts or omissions were committed in bad faith or were the result of
active and deliberate dishonesty and were material to the cause of action so
deliberated or arise out of, are based upon or attributable to the gaining in
fact of any financial profit or other advantage to which they were not legally
entitled. Parent, Purchaser, and the Surviving Corporation, as the case may
be, will pay all expenses of each Indemnified Party in advance of the final
disposition of any such action or proceeding to the fullest extent permitted
by law upon receipt of any undertaking contemplated by Section 145(e) of the
DGCL. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any such claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation is brought against any Indemnified Party
(whether arising before or after the Effective Time), (i) the Indemnified
Parties may retain counsel satisfactory to them and Parent and Purchaser, (ii)
Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, pay all reasonable
fees and expenses of such counsel for the Indemnified Parties promptly as
statements therefor are received, and (iii) Parent shall, and shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, use all reasonable efforts to assist in the vigorous
defense of any such matter, provided that none of Parent, Purchaser or the
Surviving Corporation shall be liable for any settlement of any claim effected
without its written consent, which consent, however, shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

  Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger. Under the Merger
Agreement, the respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger are
subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the date on which the closing of
the Merger is to occur (the "Closing Date") of the following conditions: (i)
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby shall have been
approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the Stockholders if required by
applicable law; (ii) no statute, rule, order, decree or regulation shall have
been enacted by any Governmental Entity or authority of competent jurisdiction
which prohibits the consummation of the Merger and all governmental consents,
orders and approvals required for consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement shall have been obtained and
shall be in effect at the Effective Time; (iii) no order or injunction of any
Governmental Entity shall be in effect which precludes, restrains, enjoins or
prohibits the consummation of the Merger provided the parties used reasonable
best efforts to prevent such order or injunction and to appeal any order or
injunction entered; and (iv) Purchaser shall have

accepted for payment and purchased all Shares validly tendered in the Offer
and not withdrawn. In addition, the obligations of Parent and Purchaser to
effect the Merger are subject to the further condition (which Parent may
waive) that the Company shall have performed all obligations under the Merger
Agreement required to be performed prior to the earlier of (i) such time as
Parent's or Purchaser's designees constitute a majority of the Board, and (ii)
the Closing Date. None of the Company, Parent or Purchaser may rely on the
failure of any condition if such failure was caused by such party's failure to
fulfill in any material respect its obligations under the Merger Agreement.

  No Solicitation. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to
immediately cease any discussions or negotiations with any parties that may be
ongoing with respect to a Takeover Proposal (as hereinafter defined) and seek
to have any confidential information provided in such discussions returned to
the Company. From the date of the Merger Agreement, the Company has not been
allowed to and is not allowed to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit,
initiate or knowingly encourage (including by way of furnishing information
which has not been previously publicly disseminated), or take any other action
designed to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal which
constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal
or (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Takeover
Proposal; provided that if, prior to the Expiration Date and following the
receipt of a Superior Proposal (as hereinafter defined) or an inquiry,
proposal or offer which is reasonably expected to lead to a Superior Proposal
that was unsolicited and made after the date of the Merger Agreement in
circumstances not otherwise involving a breach of the Merger Agreement, the
Board determines in good faith, after considering applicable provisions of
state law and after consultation with outside counsel, that a failure to do so
would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to the Company's Stockholders
under applicable law, the Company may, in response to such Takeover Proposal
and subject to compliance with the Merger Agreement, (a) furnish information
with respect to the Company to the party making such Takeover Proposal
pursuant to a confidentiality agreement, provided that (1) such
confidentiality agreement must not be less favorable to the Company than the
confidentiality agreement between Parent and the Company, and (2) the Company
advises Parent of all such nonpublic information delivered to such person
concurrently with its delivery to the requesting party, and (b) participate in
negotiations with such party regarding such Takeover Proposal. Any violation
of these restrictions by any executive officer of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any affiliate, director, investment banker, attorney or other
advisor or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, shall be
deemed to be a breach by the Company of the Merger Agreement.

  Except as expressly permitted in the Merger Agreement, the Company has
agreed that neither the Board nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or
modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to
Parent, the approval, determination of advisability, or recommendation by such
Board of Directors or such committee of the Transactions, (ii) approve,
determine to be advisable, or recommend, or propose publicly to approve,
determine to be advisable, or recommend, any Takeover Proposal or (iii) cause
the Company to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle,
acquisition agreement or other similar agreement (each, an "Acquisition
Agreement") related to any Takeover Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the event that prior to the Expiration Date the Board determines in good
faith, in response to a Superior Proposal that was unsolicited and made after
the date of the Merger Agreement in circumstances not otherwise involving a
breach of the Merger Agreement, after considering applicable provisions of
state law and after consultation with outside counsel, that the failure to do
so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to the Company's
Stockholders under applicable law, the Board may (subject to this and the
following sentences and in compliance with the provisions of the immediately
preceding paragraph) (a) withdraw or modify its approval, determination, or
recommendation of the Transactions, (b) approve, determine to be advisable, or
recommend a Superior Proposal or (c) cause the Company to enter into an
Acquisition Agreement; provided that any such actions may be taken only at a
time that is after the second business day following Parent's receipt of
written notice from the Company advising Parent that the Board has received a
Superior Proposal, specifying the material terms and conditions of such
Superior Proposal, identifying the person making such Superior Proposal and
providing notice of the determination of the Board of what action the Board
has determined to take; provided that if the Company enters

into an Acquisition Agreement, it must terminate the Merger Agreement and pay
Parent and Purchaser the Termination Fee (as defined below).

  The Company has further agreed promptly to advise Parent orally and in
writing before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the next day following receipt of any
request for confidential information in the context of a possible Takeover
Proposal or of any Takeover Proposal, the material terms and conditions of
such request or the Takeover Proposal and the identity of the person making
such request or Takeover Proposal and to keep Parent promptly advised of all
significant developments which could reasonably be expected to culminate in
the Board withdrawing, modifying or amending its recommendation of the Offer
and the Merger or in exercising any of its rights under the Merger Agreement
related to a Takeover Proposal.

  For purposes of the Merger Agreement: (i) a "Takeover Proposal" means any
inquiry, proposal or offer from any person (other than Parent and its
subsidiaries, affiliates, and representatives) relating to any direct or
indirect acquisition or purchase of 25% or more of the assets of the Company
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or 25% or more of any class of equity
securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any tender offer or
exchange offer that if consummated would result in any person beneficially
owning 25% or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, or any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction
involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement; and (ii) a "Superior Proposal" means a
bona fide written offer from any person (other than Parent and its
subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives) for a direct or indirect
acquisition or purchase of 50% or more of the assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole or 50% or more of any class of equity securities
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer
that if consummated would result in any person beneficially owning 50% or more
of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
or any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, which provides for consideration on a
per Share basis to the Stockholders with a value the Board determines in good
faith (after consultation with independent financial advisors and outside
counsel and taking into account all relevant factors, including whether
financing for such offer is committed and the likelihood of such offer
resulting in a consummated transaction) to exceed the Offer Price. Any
Superior Proposal is a Takeover Proposal.

  Termination; Termination Fee and Expenses. The Merger Agreement may be
terminated and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby may
be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after
stockholder approval thereof:

  (i) by the mutual consent of Parent and the Company;

  (ii) by either the Company or Parent if: (a) a Governmental Entity issues
       an order or takes other action that becomes final and non-appealable,
       permanently restraining, enjoining or prohibiting the transactions
       contemplated by the Merger Agreement, provided that the party seeking
       to terminate has used all reasonable efforts to challenge the order or
       action, (b) the Offer expires, terminates or is withdrawn without any
       Shares being purchased, provided that such right shall not be
       available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under
       the Merger Agreement has resulted in the failure of Purchaser to
       purchase shares in the Offer, or (c) the Offer has not been
       consummated by October 31, 2001 (the "Outside Date"), provided that
       such right shall not be available to any party whose failure to
       fulfill any obligation under the Merger Agreement has resulted in the
       failure of the Offer to be consummated by such time, and further
       provided that the Outside Date shall be extended day-by-day, but not
       past December 31, 2001, for each day during which any party shall be
       subject to a nonfinal order, decree, ruling or action restraining,
       enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Offer;

  (iii) by the Company if: (a) Parent, Purchaser or any of their affiliates
        shall have failed to commence the Offer on the tenth business day
        following the date of the initial public announcement of the
        execution

     of the Merger Agreement, provided, that the Company may not terminate
     the Merger Agreement if it is in material breach thereof; (b) it
     concurrently enters into a definitive agreement providing for a Superior
     Proposal in compliance with the Merger Agreement, provided that prior
     thereto or simultaneously therewith the Company has paid the Termination
     Fee (as defined below) to Parent; or (c) prior to the acceptance for
     payment and payment for Shares in the Offer, if the representations and
     warranties of Parent set forth in the Merger Agreement that are
     qualified by materiality shall not be true and correct in any respect,
     or if the representations and warranties of Parent set forth in the
     Merger Agreement that are not qualified by materiality shall not be true
     and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the date of the
     Merger Agreement and as of the Expiration Date as if made on such date,
     or either Parent or Purchaser shall have breached or failed in any
     material respect to perform or comply with any material obligation,
     agreement or covenant required by the Merger Agreement, which inaccuracy
     or breach cannot be cured or has not been cured within 15 days after the
     Company gives written notice of such inaccuracy or breach to Parent,
     except, in the case of the failure of any representation or warranty,
     for changes specifically permitted by the Merger Agreement, for those
     representations and warranties that address matters only as of a
     particular date which are true and correct as of such date, and for such
     failures as do not individually or in the aggregate have a material
     adverse effect with respect to Parent; or

  (iv) by Parent if: (a) due to an occurrence that if occurring after the
     commencement of the Offer would result in a failure to satisfy any of
     the conditions set forth in Section 14 of this Offer to Purchase,
     Parent, Purchaser, or any of their affiliates shall have failed to
     commence the Offer on the tenth business day following the date of the
     initial public announcement of the execution of the Merger Agreement,
     provided, that Parent may not terminate the Merger Agreement if Parent
     is in material breach of the Merger Agreement; (b) (1) the Board or any
     committee thereof shall have withdrawn or modified, or proposed publicly
     to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent its approval or
     recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger, or
     failed to reconfirm its recommendation within 5 business days after a
     written request to do so, or proposed publicly to approve or recommend,
     any Takeover Proposal, or (2) the Board shall have resolved to do any of
     the foregoing, or (c) prior to the acceptance for payment and payment
     for Shares in the Offer, if the representations and warranties of the
     Company set forth in the Merger Agreement that are qualified by
     materiality shall not be true and correct in any respect, or if the
     representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Merger
     Agreement that are not qualified by materiality shall not be true and
     correct in all material respects, in each case as of the date of the
     Merger Agreement and as of the Expiration Date as if made on such date,
     or the Company shall have breached or failed in any material respect to
     perform or comply with any material obligation, agreement or covenant
     required by the Merger Agreement, which inaccuracy or breach cannot be
     cured or has not been cured within 15 days after Parent gives written
     notice of such inaccuracy or breach to the Company, except, in the case
     of the failure of any representation or warranty, for changes
     specifically permitted by the Merger Agreement, for those
     representations and warranties that address matters only as of a
     particular date which are true and correct as of such date, and for such
     failures as do not individually or in the aggregate have a material
     adverse effect with respect to the Company.

  In the event that (i) a Takeover Proposal shall have been made known to the
Company or shall have been made directly to the Stockholders or any person
shall have publicly announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to
make a Takeover Proposal and such Takeover Proposal is consummated within one
year after the Merger Agreement is terminated by the Company because (a) the
Offer was not consummated on or before the Outside Date or its permitted
extensions, or (b) the Offer has remained open for at least 20 business days
and the Minimum Condition has not been satisfied, or (ii) the Merger Agreement
is terminated by (a) Parent because the Company proposed or executed a
modification to the recommendation for the Merger or failed within the
specified time limit to reconfirm its recommendation or (b) the Company by
entering into an agreement providing for a Superior Proposal, then the Company
shall pay to Parent within one day of such termination, or in the case of
subclause (i) upon such consummation, a termination fee of $15 million (the
"Termination Fee"), payable by

wire transfer of same day funds. In the event the Termination Fee becomes
payable, the Company shall also promptly pay, upon Parent's request, all
reasonably documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by Parent and
Purchaser (which shall not exceed $1 million in the aggregate), which payments
shall be in addition to the Termination Fee. This fee arrangement shall be
paid regardless of any alleged breach by Parent of its obligations hereunder;
provided that no such payments made by the Company shall operate or be
construed as a waiver by the Company of any breach of the Merger Agreement by
Parent or Purchaser or of any rights of the Company in respect thereof. The
Termination Fee, if paid, shall be credited against any damages recovered by
Parent or Purchaser from the Company arising from the Company's breach of the
Merger Agreement.

  Amendment. Subject to applicable law, at any time prior to the Closing Date,
the Merger Agreement may be modified or amended by written agreement of the
parties thereto, provided that no modification or amendment shall, unless
approved by the Independent Directors and the Stockholders if required, (i)
reduce or change the form of the Merger Consideration or otherwise adversely
affect such Stockholders, or (ii) require the further approval of the
Stockholders.

The Stockholders Agreement

  The following is a summary of the Stockholders Agreement, a copy of which
has been filed as an Exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO
filed by Purchaser and Parent with the SEC in connection with the Offer. Such
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Stockholders
Agreement. See Section 8 for information on how to obtain a copy of the
Schedule TO. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in the following
description of the Stockholders Agreement have the respective meanings
ascribed to them in such agreement.

  Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Parent and
Purchaser entered into the Stockholders Agreement with Tiger Management L.L.C.
and Tiger Performance L.L.C. (the "Tiger Advisers"), and with Tiger Management
Corporation and Julian H. Robertson, Jr. (collectively with the Tiger
Advisers, the "Signatory Holders"). The Tiger Advisers are the beneficial
owners of 3,175,594 Shares, or approximately 30% of the issued and outstanding
Shares.

  Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, the Signatory Holders have agreed to
tender in the Offer, prior to the initial expiration date of the Offer, all
Shares owned beneficially and of record by the Tiger Advisers. The Signatory
Holders have also agreed to vote the Tiger Advisers' Shares in favor of the
Merger and the Merger Agreement, against any Takeover Proposal and against any
proposal for action or agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant
or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement or which is reasonably
likely to result in any of the Company's obligations under the Merger
Agreement not being fulfilled, any change in the directors of the Company
(except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement), any change in the Company's
capitalization, corporate structure or business, or any other action which
could reasonably be expected to interfere with, delay or materially adversely
affect the likelihood that the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement will be consummated. The Signatory Holders have also agreed to vote
in favor of any other matter necessary for the consummation of the
transactions contemplated in the Merger Agreement. The Signatory Holders have
also granted to Parent and Purchaser, or any of their nominees, an irrevocable
proxy with respect to the Tiger Advisers' Shares to demand that the Company
call a special meeting to consider the Merger and the Merger Agreement and to
vote such Shares in respect of such matter at every meeting of the
Stockholders, however called.

  In addition, the Signatory Holders have covenanted and agreed not to
transfer or consent to the transfer of any of the Tiger Advisers' Shares,
enter into any contract, option or other arrangement with respect to the
transfer of such Shares, grant any proxies with respect to such Shares,
deposit such Shares into a voting trust or enter into any voting agreement
with respect to such Shares, take any other action that would make any
representation or warranty of the Signatory Holders contained in the
Stockholders Agreement untrue or have the effect of preventing the Signatory
Holders from performing their obligations under the Stockholders Agreement.

  The Signatory Holders have also agreed that they will not, directly or
indirectly, solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or take any other action
designed to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal relating to
the acquisition of the Tiger Advisers' Shares or any transaction that
constitutes a Takeover Proposal. The Signatory Holders have agreed not to
participate in any discussions (except with Parent and Purchaser) regarding,
or furnish to any person (other than Parent or Purchaser) any information with
respect to, or otherwise cooperate with, or assist or encourage, any attempt
by any person (other than Parent or Purchaser) to make, any transaction that
may constitute a Takeover Proposal. The Signatory Holders have also agreed to
immediately cease any existing discussions or negotiations with any person
(other than Parent or Purchaser) with respect to the foregoing.

  The Signatory Holders have also granted to Parent and Purchaser an
irrevocable option (the "Company Securities Option") to purchase the Tiger
Advisers' Shares at a price per Share equal to the Offer Price or any higher
price paid or to be paid by Parent or Purchaser pursuant to the Offer or the
Merger. The Company Securities Option becomes exercisable, in whole but not in
part, for all Shares subject thereto at the earlier of (i) the termination of
the Merger Agreement (a) by the Company if it concurrently enters into an
agreement providing for a Superior Proposal, or (b) by Parent if the Board
shall have withdrawn, modified or failed to reconfirm its recommendation of
the Transactions prior to the Expiration Date or (ii) the Expiration Date. The
Company Securities Option shall remain exercisable for 15 days, provided that
its exercisability shall be automatically extended if any applicable waiting
periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended (the "HSR Act") or other applicable laws have not expired or
terminated (but in no event for more than an additional 15 days).

  The Stockholders Agreement also provides that if Parent or its affiliates
exercise the Company Securities Option and then sell any of the Shares
purchased pursuant to the Company Securities Option to an unaffiliated party
prior to the earlier of the effective time of the Merger or eighteen months
after the exercise of the Company Securities Option, Parent or its affiliates
are obligated to pay the Signatory Holders the excess, if any, of the sale
price over the Offer Price for each Share so sold.

  The Stockholders Agreement will terminate by the mutual written consent of
the parties or upon the earliest to occur of (i) the Effective Time, (ii) the
exercise or expiration of the Company Securities Option, (iii) the termination
of the Merger Agreement (except for terminations by the Company if it
concurrently enters into an agreement providing for a Superior Proposal or by
Parent if the Board shall have withdrawn, modified or failed to reconfirm its
recommendation of the Transactions), (iv) the amendment of the Merger
Agreement without the consent of the Signatory Holders that (a) reduces the
Offer Price, (b) changes the form of the Offer Price to other than cash, or
(c) otherwise materially and adversely affects the Signatory Holders, and (iv)
December 1, 2001.

  12. Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for the Company; Stockholder
Approval and Appraisal Rights.

  Purpose of the Offer and the Merger. The purpose of the Offer and the Merger
is for Parent to acquire control of, and the entire equity interest in, the
Company. The Offer is intended to increase the likelihood that the Merger will
be completed promptly. The acquisition of the entire equity interest in the
Company has been structured as a cash tender offer followed by a cash merger
in order to provide a prompt and orderly transfer of ownership of the Company
from the Stockholders to Parent and to provide the Stockholders with cash in a
per Share amount equal to the Offer Price for all of their Shares.

  Plans for the Company. Following the Merger, the Company will be operated as
a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Except as discussed above or as otherwise
provided in this Offer to Purchase, Purchaser and Parent have no present plans
or proposals that would result in an extraordinary corporate transaction
involving the Company or its subsidiaries, such as a merger, reorganization,
or liquidation or sale of a material amount of the Company's assets, and no
current plans to make any material changes in the Company's

capitalization, corporate structure, dividend policy or business. Upon the
Merger, however, Purchaser's directors shall become the directors of the
Surviving Corporation.

  Stockholder Approval and Appraisal Rights. Under the DGCL, the approval of
the Board and, except as described below, the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Shares is required to approve and adopt the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
Merger. The Board has unanimously approved and adopted the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby and, unless the Merger is
consummated pursuant to a Short-Form Merger, as described below, the only
remaining required corporate action of the Company is the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Shares. Accordingly,
if the Minimum Condition is satisfied, Purchaser will have sufficient voting
power to cause the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby without the affirmative vote of any other
Stockholder.

  In the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed to take all action necessary
to convene a meeting of its Stockholders as soon as practicable after the
expiration of the Offer for the purpose of considering and taking action on
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, if such action
is required.

  Under the DGCL, if Purchaser acquires, pursuant to the Offer or otherwise,
such number of Shares which constitutes at least 90% of the then outstanding
Shares, Purchaser will be able to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby, and effect the Merger pursuant to the
short-form merger provisions of the DGCL, without a vote of the Stockholders.
Parent, Purchaser and the Company have agreed to take all necessary and
appropriate action to cause the Merger to be effective as soon as practicable
after such acquisition. If Purchaser does not acquire at least 90% of the then
outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, and a vote of the
Stockholders is required under the DGCL, a significantly longer period of time
will be required to effect the Merger.

  Appraisal Rights. No appraisal rights are available in connection with the
Offer. However, if the Merger is consummated, Stockholders will have certain
rights under Section 262 of the DGCL to dissent and demand appraisal of, and
to receive payment in cash of the fair value of, their Shares. Such rights to
dissent, if the statutory procedures are complied with, could lead to a
judicial determination of the fair value (excluding any value arising from the
Merger) required to be paid in cash to dissenting Stockholders for their
Shares. Any judicial determination of the fair value of Shares could be based
upon considerations other than or in addition to the Merger Consideration and
the market value of the Shares, including asset values and the investment
value of the Shares. The value as so determined could be more or less than (or
equal to) the Merger Consideration.

  If a Stockholder who demands appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL fails
to perfect, or effectively withdraws or loses, his or her right to appraisal
as provided in the DGCL, the Shares of that Stockholder will be converted into
the right to receive the Merger Consideration in accordance with the Merger
Agreement. A Stockholder may withdraw his demand for appraisal by delivering
to the Surviving Corporation a written withdrawal of such demand for appraisal
and acceptance of the Merger.

  Failure to precisely follow the steps required by Section 262 of the DGCL
for the perfection of appraisal rights may result in the loss of those rights.

  Going Private Transactions. Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act is applicable
to certain "going-private" transactions. Rule 13e-3 will not be applicable to
the Merger if the Merger is consummated within one year of consummation of the
Offer. If applicable, Rule 13e-3 would require, among other things, that
certain financial information concerning the Company and certain information
relating to the fairness of the Merger and the consideration offered to
Stockholders therein, be filed with the SEC and disclosed to Stockholders
prior to consummation of the Merger.

  13. Dividends and Distributions.

  The Merger Agreement provides that the Company will not, between the date of
the Merger Agreement and the earlier of (i) the date when directors designated
by Parent or Purchaser have been elected to and constitute a majority of the
Board and (ii) the Effective Time, without the prior written consent of
Parent, declare or pay any dividends on or make any other distributions in
respect of any capital stock or split, combine, subdivide or reclassify any
capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in
respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for any capital stock.

  14. Conditions of the Offer. Notwithstanding any other provision of the
Offer, Purchaser shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to
any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-l(c) under
the Exchange Act, pay for, and may delay the acceptance for payment of or,
subject to the restriction referred to above, the payment for, any tendered
Shares, and may terminate the Offer and not accept for payment any tendered
shares if (i) there shall not have been validly tendered and not withdrawn
prior to the expiration of the Offer such number of Shares which, together
with that number of Shares owned by Parent, Purchaser or any of their wholly
owned subsidiaries, would constitute at least a majority of the Shares
outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date of purchase (on a "fully
diluted basis" meaning the number of Shares outstanding, together with the
Shares which the Company may be required to issue pursuant to options or
obligations outstanding at that date and which do not terminate upon
consummation of the Offer under employee stock or similar benefit plans or
otherwise, whether or not vested or then exercisable), when aggregated with
any Shares owned by Parent, Purchaser or an affiliate of Parent or Purchaser
(the "Minimum Condition"), (ii) any applicable waiting period under the HSR
Act, the Canadian Competition Act, the Mexican Competition Act or other
applicable antitrust or competition law has not expired or terminated prior to
the expiration of the Offer, or (iii) at any time on or after the date of the
Merger Agreement, and before the time of acceptance of Shares for payment
pursuant to the Offer, any of the following events shall occur and be
continuing:

  (a) there shall be any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order or
injunction promulgated, entered, enforced, enacted, issued or applicable to
the Offer or the Merger by any domestic or foreign federal or state
governmental regulatory or administrative agency or authority or court or
legislative body or commission which (1) prohibits, or imposes any material
limitations on, Parent's, Purchaser's, or the Company's ownership or operation
of all or a material portion of the Company's and its subsidiaries' businesses
and assets taken as a whole, (2) prohibits or makes illegal the acceptance for
payment, payment for or purchase of Shares or the consummation of the Offer or
the Merger, (3) renders Purchaser unable to accept for payment, pay for or
purchase some or all of the Shares, or (4) imposes material limitations on the
ability of Purchaser or Parent effectively to exercise full rights of
ownership of the Shares, including, without limitation, the right to vote the
Shares purchased by it on all matters properly presented to the Company's
stockholders, provided that Parent shall have used all reasonable efforts to
cause any such judgment, order or injunction to be vacated or lifted;

  (b) there shall be any action or proceeding instituted and pending by any
domestic or foreign federal or state governmental regulatory or administrative
agency or authority having jurisdiction over the Company, Parent or Purchaser
which (1) seeks to prohibit, or impose any material limitation on, Parent's
ownership or operation of its or its subsidiaries' businesses or assets, or
Parent's, Purchaser's, or the Company's ownership or operation of all or a
material portion of the Company's and its subsidiaries' businesses and assets
taken as a whole, (2) seeks to prohibit or make illegal the acceptance for
payment, payment for or purchase of Shares or the consummation of the Offer or
the Merger, (3) is reasonably likely to result in a material delay in or seeks
to restrict the ability of Purchaser, or render Purchaser unable to accept for
payment, pay for or purchase some or all of the Shares, or (4) seeks to impose
material limitations on the ability of Purchaser or Parent effectively to
exercise full rights of ownership of the Shares, including, without
limitation, the right to vote the Shares purchased by it on all matters
properly presented to the Company's stockholders; provided that Parent shall
have used all reasonable efforts to cause any such action or proceeding to be
dismissed;

  (c) (1) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the
Merger Agreement that are qualified by materiality shall not be true and
correct in any respect, or the representations and warranties of the

Company set forth in the Merger Agreement that are not so qualified shall not
be true and correct in any material respect, in either case, as of the date of
consummation of the Offer as though made on or as of such date, except, in the
case of the failure of any representation or warranty, for changes
specifically permitted by the Merger Agreement, and for those representations
and warranties that address matters only as of a particular date and are true
and correct as of such date; and except that, notwithstanding the failure of
any representations and warranties to be true and correct, if this condition
is otherwise satisfied, then this condition shall be deemed satisfied so long
as such failures of representations and warranties to be true and correct do
not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect with
respect to the Company; or (2) the Company shall have breached or failed in
any material respect to perform or comply with any material obligation,
agreement or covenant required by the Merger Agreement to be performed or
complied with by it (including without limitation if the Company shall have
entered into any definitive agreement or any agreement in principle with any
person with respect to a Takeover Proposal or similar business combination
with the Company in violation of the Merger Agreement);

  (d) (1) any general suspension of trading in securities on any national
securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market, (2) the declaration of
a banking moratorium or any suspension of payments in respect of banks by a
United States Governmental Entity, or (3) any mandatory limitation by a United
States Governmental Entity that materially and adversely effects the extension
of credit by banks or other financial institutions; or

  (e) the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its
terms;

which in the reasonable judgment of Parent or Purchaser, in any such case, and
regardless of the circumstances giving rise to such condition, makes it
inadvisable to proceed with the Offer or with such acceptance for payment or
payments for Shares.

  The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Parent and Purchaser
and, except as provided in the Merger Agreement, may be asserted by Parent and
Purchaser regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such condition or
may be waived by Parent in whole or in part at any time and from time to time
in its sole discretion, provided that the conditions set forth in clauses (i)
and (ii) must be satisfied or waived on or prior to the Expiration Date.

  15. Certain Legal Matters and Regulatory Approvals

  General. Except as described in this Section 15, based solely on information
provided by the Company, none of the Company, Purchaser or Parent is aware of
(i) any license or regulatory permit that appears to be material to the
business of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that might be
adversely affected by the acquisition of Shares by Parent or Purchaser
pursuant to the Offer, the Merger or otherwise, or (ii) except as set forth
herein, any approval or other action by any governmental, administrative or
regulatory agency or authority, domestic or foreign, that would be required
prior to the acquisition of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, the
Merger or otherwise. Should any such approval or other action be required,
Purchaser and Parent presently contemplate that such approval or other action
will be sought, except as described below under "State Antitakeover Statutes."
While, except as otherwise described in this Offer to Purchase, Purchaser does
not presently intend to delay the acceptance for payment of, or payment for,
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer pending the outcome of any such matter,
there can be no assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed,
would be obtained or would be obtained without substantial conditions or that
failure to obtain any such approval or other action might not result in
consequences adverse to the Company's business or that certain parts of the
Company's business might not have to be disposed of, or other substantial
conditions complied with, in the event that such approvals were not obtained
or such other actions were not taken or in order to obtain any such approval
or other action. If certain types of adverse action are taken with respect to
the matters discussed below, Purchaser could decline to accept for payment, or
pay for, any Shares tendered. See Section 14 for certain conditions to the
Offer, including conditions with respect to governmental actions.

  State Antitakeover Statutes. Section 203 of the DGCL, in general, prohibits
a Delaware corporation, such as the Company, from engaging in a "Business
Combination" (defined to include a variety of transactions,

including mergers) with an "Interested Stockholder" (defined generally as a
person that is the beneficial owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the subject corporation) for a period of three years following the
date that such person became an Interested Stockholder unless, prior to the
date such person became an Interested Stockholder, the board of directors of
the corporation approved either the Business Combination or the transaction
that resulted in the stockholder becoming an Interested Stockholder. The
provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL are not applicable to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Stockholders
Agreement because the Merger Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the Board prior to the
execution thereof.

  A number of states have adopted laws and regulations that purport to apply
to attempts to acquire corporations that are incorporated in such states, or
whose business operations have substantial economic effects in such states, or
which have substantial assets, security holders, employees, principal
executive offices or principal places of business in such states. In Edgar v.
MITE Corp., the Supreme Court of the United States (the "Supreme Court")
invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois Business Takeover statute,
which, as a matter of state securities law, made certain corporate
acquisitions more difficult. However, in 1987, in CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp.
of America, the Supreme Court held that the State of Indiana may, as a matter
of corporate law and, in particular, with respect to those aspects of
corporate law concerning corporate governance, constitutionally disqualify a
potential acquirer from voting on the affairs of a target corporation without
the prior approval of the remaining stockholders. The state law before the
Supreme Court was by its terms applicable only to corporations that had a
substantial number of stockholders in the state and were incorporated there.
Subsequently, in TLX Acquisition Corp. v. Telex Corp., a Federal District
Court in Oklahoma ruled that Oklahoma's takeover statutes were
unconstitutional insofar as they apply to corporations incorporated outside
Oklahoma because they would subject such corporations to inconsistent
regulations. Similarly, in Tyson Foods, Inc. v. McReynolds, a Federal District
Court in Tennessee ruled that four Tennessee takeover statutes were
unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated outside Tennessee.
This decision was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit.

  Parent and Purchaser do not believe that the antitakeover laws and
regulations of any state other than the State of Delaware will by their terms
apply to the Offer, and neither Parent nor Purchaser has attempted to comply
with any state antitakeover statute or regulation. Purchaser reserves the
right to challenge the applicability or validity of any state law purportedly
applicable to the Offer and nothing in this Offer to Purchase or any action
taken in connection with the Offer is intended as a waiver of such right. If
it is asserted that any state antitakeover statute is applicable to the Offer
and an appropriate court does not determine that it is inapplicable or invalid
as applied to the Offer, Purchaser might be required to file certain
information with, or to receive approvals from, the relevant state
authorities, and Purchaser might be unable to accept for payment or pay for
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer or may be delayed in consummating the
Offer. In such case, Purchaser may not be obligated to accept for payment, or
pay for, any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer. See Section 14.

  U.S. Antitrust Compliance. The Offer and the Merger are subject to the HSR
Act, which provides that certain acquisition transactions may not be
consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division") and the
Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") and certain waiting period requirements
have been satisfied.

  Parent expects to file its Notification and Report Form with respect to the
Offer and the Merger with the Antitrust Division and the FTC on or about
August 17, 2001. The waiting period under the HSR Act with respect to the
offer will expire at 12:00 midnight New York City time, on the fifteenth day
after the date Parent's form is filed, unless early termination of the waiting
period is granted. However, the Antitrust Division or the FTC may extend the
waiting period by requesting additional information or documentary material
from Parent or the Company. If such a request is made, such waiting period
will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the tenth calendar day
after the date of substantial compliance by Parent with such request.
Thereafter, the waiting period can be extended only by court order or with the
consent of Parent. In practice, complying with a request for additional
information or material can take a significant amount of time. In addition, if
the Antitrust

Division or the FTC raises substantive issues in connection with a proposed
transaction, the parties frequently engage in negotiations with the relevant
governmental agency concerning possible means of addressing those issues and
may agree to delay consummation of the transaction while such negotiations
continue. Purchaser will not accept for payment Shares tendered pursuant to
the Offer unless and until the waiting period requirements imposed by the HSR
Act with respect to the offer have been satisfied. See "Section 14--Conditions
of the Offer."

  The Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality under
the antitrust laws of transactions such as the proposed acquisition of Shares
by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer and the Merger. At any time before or after
Purchaser's purchase of Shares, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take
such action under the antitrust laws as it deemed necessary or desirable in
the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the acquisition of Shares
pursuant to the Offer or seeking divestiture of Shares acquired by Purchaser
or the divestiture of substantial assets of Parent, the Company or any of
their respective subsidiaries. Private parties, as well as state governments,
may also bring legal action under the antitrust laws under certain
circumstances. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer on
antitrust grounds will not be made or, if a challenge is made, what the result
will be.

  Canadian Antitrust Compliance. Under the Competition Act (Canada), R.S.
1985, c.C-34, as amended (the "Canadian Competition Act"), parties to a merger
are required to pre-notify the Commissioner of Competition (the
"Commissioner"), who is responsible for the administration and enforcement of
the Canadian Competition Act, and provide detailed information with respect to
the proposed merger, where two thresholds related to the size of the parties
to the transaction and to the size of the transaction are met or exceeded.

  Parent, Purchaser and the Company have determined that the two thresholds
set forth in the Canadian Competition Act have been met, and thus pre-
notification is required to the Commissioner. Accordingly, two Short Form
Information forms for Notifiable Transactions will be filed by
Purchaser/Parent and the Company with the Commissioner on or about August 17,
2001, or as soon thereafter as practicable. As provided for under the Canadian
Competition Act, where a Short Form is used, the parties to a merger may not
complete the transaction before the expiration of a waiting period of 14
calendar days following the filing of the required information with the
Commissioner. During such waiting period, the Commissioner may request that
the parties provide additional information and/or complete a Long Form
Information form. Where a Long Form is requested, the waiting period of 42
calendar days does not begin until the Long Form is filed with the
Commissioner. Parent, Purchaser and the Company intend to complete the
transaction only upon the expiration of the relevant waiting period or after
they have received a "no action" letter from the Commissioner indicating that
he will not make an application to the Competition Tribunal in respect of the
transaction. See "Section 14--Conditions of the Offer." The Commissioner has
the authority to challenge a merger regardless of its size and regardless of
whether the parties are required to pre-notify the Commissioner of the
transaction. Such challenges must be made on the basis that the transaction is
likely to result in a "substantial lessening or prevention of competition" in
a market.

  Mexican Antitrust Compliance. Parent, Purchaser and the Company believe that
they are required to file a Notification of Concentration with the Mexican
Federal Competition Commission prior to the consummation of the Offer, but
that such consummation can occur without obtaining a confirmation of no
objection from the Competition Commission.

  16. Fees and Expenses.

  Information Agent. Purchaser has retained Georgeson Shareholder
Communications Inc. to act as the Information Agent in connection with the
Offer. The Information Agent may contact holders of Shares by mail, telephone,
telex, telegraph and personal interviews and may request brokers, dealers and
other nominee stockholders to forward materials relating to the Offer to
beneficial owners of Shares. The Information Agent will receive reasonable and
customary compensation for such services, plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses, and Purchaser will indemnify the Information Agent against certain
liabilities and expenses in connection with the Offer, including liabilities
under the federal securities laws.

  Depositary. Purchaser will pay the Depositary reasonable and customary
compensation for its services in connection with the Offer, plus reimbursement
for out-of-pocket expenses, and will indemnify the Depositary

against certain liabilities and expenses in connection therewith, including
liabilities under the federal securities laws. Brokers, dealers, commercial
banks and trust companies will be reimbursed by Purchaser for customary
mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding materials to
their customers.

  17. Miscellaneous.

  Purchaser is not aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the Offer is
prohibited by any administrative or judicial action pursuant to any valid
state statute. If Purchaser becomes aware of any valid state statute
prohibiting the making of the Offer or the acceptance of Shares pursuant
thereto, Purchaser will make a good faith effort to comply with any such state
statute. If, after such good faith effort, Purchaser cannot comply with any
such state statute, the Offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be
accepted from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in such state.

  NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF PURCHASER, PARENT OR THE COMPANY NOT CONTAINED IN
THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE OR IN THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, AND IF GIVEN OR MADE,
SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN
AUTHORIZED.

  Pursuant to Rule 14d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
Exchange Act, Parent and Purchaser have filed with the SEC a Schedule TO,
together with exhibits, furnishing certain additional information with respect
to the Offer, and may file amendments thereto. Such Schedule TO, including
exhibits and any amendments thereto, may be inspected at, and copies may be
obtained from, the same places and in the same manner as set forth in Section
8 with respect to the Company (except that they may not be available at the
regional offices of the SEC).

                                          BX MERGER SUB INC.

                                          August 14, 2001

                                                                     SCHEDULE I

        INFORMATION CONCERNING THE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF
                             PURCHASER AND PARENT

  The following description sets forth (i) the name and title of each
executive officer and director of each of Purchaser and Parent, and (ii) each
such individual's business address, present principal occupation and material
positions and occupations within the past five years. Unless otherwise
specified, each person listed below is a citizen of the United States and has
his or her principal business address at 1440 Kiewit Plaza, Omaha,
Nebraska 68131.

A. Directors and Executive Officers of Purchaser

  The sole director of Purchaser is Marc D. Hamburg, and the sole executive
officer of Purchaser is Marc D. Hamburg, President, Secretary and Treasurer.

B. Directors and Executive Officers of Parent

  The Directors of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. are Warren E. Buffett, Charles T.
Munger, Susan T. Buffett, Howard G. Buffett, Malcolm G. Chace, Ronald L.
Olson, and Walter Scott, Jr. The executive officers of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
are Warren E. Buffett, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Charles T.
Munger, Vice Chairman, and Marc D. Hamburg, Vice President and Treasurer.

                           Present Principal Occupation or Employment, Material
                                              Positions Held
 Name                          During Past Five Years, and Business Address
 ----                      ----------------------------------------------------

 Warren E. Buffett....... Mr. Buffett has been Chairman and Chief Executive
                          Officer of Berkshire since 1970. He is also a
                          director of The Coca-Cola Company, The Gillette
                          Company and The Washington Post Company.

 Charles T. Munger....... Mr. Munger has been a director and Vice Chairman of
                          Berkshire's Board of Directors since 1978. He is
                          Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
                          Executive Officer of Wesco Financial Corporation,
                          Chairman of the Board of Directors of Daily Journal
                          Corporation and a director of Costco Wholesale
                          Corporation. His business address is 355 S. Grand
                          Avenue, 34th Floor, Los Angeles, California 90071.

 Howard G. Buffett....... Mr. Buffett is Chairman of the Board of Directors of
                          The GSI Group, a company primarily engaged in the
                          manufacture of agricultural equipment. He is also a
                          director of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc., Lindsay
                          Manufacturing Co. and Mond Industries Inc. His
                          business address is 1004 East Illinois Street,
                          Assumption, Illinois 62510.

 Susan T. Buffett........ Mrs. Buffett has been a director of Berkshire since
                          1991. Mrs. Buffett has not been employed in the past
                          five years.

 Malcolm G. Chace........ In 1996, Mr. Chace was named Chairman of the Board of
                          Directors of BankRI, a community bank located in the
                          state of Rhode Island. Prior to 1996, Mr. Chace had
                          been a private investor. Mr. Chace's business address
                          is One Providence Washington Plaza, Providence, Rhode
                          Island 02903.

 Marc D. Hamburg......... Mr. Hamburg has been the Vice President and Treasurer
                          of Berkshire for more than the past five years.

 Ronald L. Olson......... Mr. Olson has, for more than the past five years,
                          been a partner in the law firm of Munger, Tolles &
                          Olson LLP. He is also a director of Edison
                          International, City National Corp., Western Asset
                          Trust, Inc. and Pacific American Income Shares Inc.
                          His business address is 355 S. Grand Avenue, 35th
                          Floor, Los Angeles, California 90071.

                           Present Principal Occupation or Employment, Material
                                              Positions Held
 Name                          During Past Five Years, and Business Address
 ----                      ----------------------------------------------------

 Walter Scott, Jr........ Mr. Scott has been Chairman of the Board of Level 3
                          Communications, Inc., a communications and
                          information services company, since 1979. Level 3
                          Communications was formerly known as Peter Kiewit
                          Sons', Inc., for which, until the spin-off of its
                          construction operations in March 1998, Mr. Scott also
                          served as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Scott is also
                          a director of Burlington Resources, Inc., ConAgra,
                          Inc., Valmont Industries, Inc., Commonwealth
                          Telephone Enterprises, Inc. and RCN Corporation. His
                          business address is 1025 Eldorado Blvd., Broomfield,
                          Colorado 80021.

  Manually signed facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal will be
accepted. The Letter of Transmittal, certificates for the Shares and any other
required documents should be sent by each stockholder of the Company or such
stockholder's broker-dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee
to the Depositary as follows:

                       The Depositary for the Offer is:

                         EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.

            By Hand:                     By First-Class Mail:          By Overnight Courier:
Securities Transfer & Reporting    EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.  EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.
         Services, Inc.                Attn: Corporate Actions        Attn: Corporate Actions
co/EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.            P.O. Box 43014               150 Royall Street
  100 William Street, Galleria        Providence, RI 02940-3014           Canton, MA 02021
       New York, NY 10038

                          By Facsimile Transmission:
                         (Eligible Institutions Only)
                       (781) 575-4826 or (781) 575-4827

  Any questions or requests for assistance or additional copies of the Offer
to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal may be directed to the Information
Agent at its telephone number and location listed below. You may also contact
your broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company or other nominee for
assistance concerning the Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

[LOGO OF GEORGESON SHAREHOLDER]

                                17 State Street
                                  10th Floor
                           New York, New York 10004
                 Banks and Broker Call Collect: (212) 440-9800
                   All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 223-2064

EX-99.A2

dex99a2.txt

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                       To Tender Shares of Common Stock

                                      of

                               XTRA Corporation

                       Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase

                             Dated August 14, 2001

                                      by

                              BX Merger Sub Inc.
                         a wholly owned subsidiary of
                            Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
      TIME, ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       The Depositary for the Offer is:

                         EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.

             By Hand:                       By First-Class Mail:              By Overnight Courier:
       Securities Transfer &           EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.      EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.
     Reporting Services, Inc.             Attn: Corporate Actions            Attn: Corporate Actions
 c/o EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.             P.O. Box 43014                   150 Royall Street
   100 William Street, Galleria          Providence, RI 02940-3014               Canton, MA 02021
        New York, NY 10038

                             DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Share Certificate(s) Enclosed and Shares
      Name(s) and Address(es) of Registered Holder(s)                  Tendered
       (Please fill in, if blank, exactly as name(s)      (Attach additional signed list if
             appear(s) on Share Certificate(s))                       necessary)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                      Total Number
                                                                        of Shares
                                                          Share        Represented    Number of
                                                       Certificate      by Share       Shares
                                                       Number(s)(1) Certificate(s)(1) Tendered
                                                 ----------------------------------------------

                                                 ----------------------------------------------

                                                 ----------------------------------------------

                                                 ----------------------------------------------

                                                 ----------------------------------------------

                                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                                        Total Shares
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) Need not be completed by Book-Entry Stockholders. Unless otherwise
    indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares represented by Share
    certificates delivered to the Depositary are being tendered hereby. See
    Instruction 4.

DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH
ABOVE, OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER THAN AS
SET FORTH ABOVE, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY. YOU
MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE SPACE THEREFOR
PROVIDED BELOW AND COMPLETE THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW.

[_]CHECK HERE IF ANY OF THE CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES THAT YOU OWN HAVE
   BEEN LOST, DESTROYED OR STOLEN. SEE INSTRUCTION 11.

  Number of Shares represented by lost, destroyed or stolen certificates: _____

  YOU MUST CONTACT THE DEPOSITARY DIRECTLY TO REPLACE ANY LOST, DESTROYED OR
STOLEN CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES YOU INTEND TO TENDER.

  THE INSTRUCTIONS CONTAINED WITHIN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

  This Letter of Transmittal is to be used by stockholders of XTRA Corporation
if certificates for Shares (as such term is defined below) are to be forwarded
herewith or, unless an Agent's Message (as defined in Instruction 2 below) is
utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made by book-entry transfer to an
account maintained by the Depositary at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as
defined in Section 2, and pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3,
of the Offer to Purchase).

  Stockholders whose certificates for Shares are not immediately available or
who cannot deliver either the certificates for, or a Book-Entry Confirmation
(as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) with respect to, their
Shares and all other documents required hereby to the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase) must tender
their Shares pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction 2. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS
TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY WILL NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE
DEPOSITARY.

NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW. PLEASE READ THE INSTRUCTIONS SET
FORTH IN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CAREFULLY.

[_]CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO
   THE DEPOSITARY'S ACCOUNT AT THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE
   THE FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY MAY
   DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER):

  Name of Tendering Institution _______________________________________________

  Account Number ______________________________________________________________

  Transaction Code Number _____________________________________________________

[_]CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF
   GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE
   FOLLOWING:

  Name of Registered Owner(s) _________________________________________________

  Window Ticket Number (if any) _______________________________________________

  Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery __________________________

  Name of Institution that Guaranteed Delivery ________________________________

  If delivered by Book-Entry Transfer, check box and give the following
  information: [_]

  Account Number ______________________________________________________________

  Transaction Code Number _____________________________________________________

Ladies and Gentlemen:

  The undersigned hereby tenders to BX Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Purchaser") and wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), the above-described shares of Common Stock,
par value $0.50 per share (the "Shares"), of XTRA Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), pursuant to Purchaser's offer to purchase all of
the outstanding Shares at a price of $55.00 per Share in cash, without
interest thereon (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated August 14, 2001, and in
this Letter of Transmittal (which together with the Offer to Purchase and any
amendments and supplements thereto collectively constitute the "Offer"). The
undersigned understands that Purchaser reserves the right to assign, in whole
or from time to time in part, to Parent or to any direct or indirect
subsidiary of Parent the right to purchase all or any portion of the Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer, but any such assignment will not relieve
Purchaser of its obligations under the Offer and will in no way prejudice the
rights of tendering stockholders to receive payment for Shares validly
tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer. Receipt of the Offer
is hereby acknowledged.

  The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of July 30, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among the Company,
Parent, and Purchaser.

  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer
is extended or amended, the terms of any such extension or amendment), and
subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment of, and payment for,
the Shares tendered herewith in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the
undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers to, or upon the order of,
Purchaser all right, title, and interest in and to all the Shares that are
being tendered hereby (and any and all dividends, distributions, rights, other
Shares or other securities issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after
August 14, 2001 (collectively, "Distributions")) and irrevocably constitutes
and appoints the Depositary as the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact
of the undersigned with respect to such Shares (and all Distributions), with
full power of substitution (such power of attorney being deemed to be an
irrevocable power coupled with an interest), to (i) deliver certificates for
such Shares (and any and all Distributions), or transfer ownership of such
Shares (and any and all Distributions), on the account books maintained by the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, together, in any such case, with all
accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity, to or upon the order of
Purchaser, (ii) present such Shares (and any and all Distributions) for
transfer on the books of the Company, and (iii) receive all benefits and
otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such Shares (and any
and all Distributions), all in accordance with the terms of the Offer.

  By executing this Letter of Transmittal, the undersigned irrevocably
appoints Marc D. Hamburg and Forrest N. Krutter, in their respective
capacities as officers of Purchaser, and any individual who shall thereafter
succeed to any such office of Purchaser, and each of them, as the attorneys-
in-fact and proxies of the undersigned, each with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, to vote at any annual or special meeting of the
stockholders of the Company or any adjournment or postponement thereof or
otherwise in such manner as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or his
substitute shall in his sole discretion deem proper with respect to, to
execute any written consent concerning any matter as each such attorney-in-
fact and proxy or his substitute shall in his sole discretion deem proper with
respect to, and to otherwise act as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or
his substitute shall in his sole discretion deem proper with respect to, all
of the Shares (and any and all Distributions) tendered hereby and accepted for
payment by Purchaser prior to the time of such vote or other action. This
appointment will be effective if and when, and only to the extent that,
Purchaser accepts such Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer. This power of
attorney and proxy are, upon acceptance for payment, irrevocable and are
granted in consideration for the acceptance for payment of such Shares in
accordance with the terms of the Offer. Such acceptance for payment shall,
without further action, revoke any prior powers of attorney and proxies
granted by the undersigned at any time with respect to such Shares (and any
and all Distributions), and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies,
consents or revocations may be given by the undersigned with respect thereto
(and, if given, will not be deemed effective). Purchaser reserves the right to
require that, in order for Shares (or other Distributions) to be deemed
validly tendered, immediately upon Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such
Shares, Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent, and other
rights with respect to such Shares (and any and all Distributions), including
voting at any meeting of the stockholders of the Company.

  The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full
power and authority to tender, sell, assign, and transfer the Shares tendered
hereby and all Distributions, that the undersigned owns the Shares tendered
hereby within the meaning of Rule 14e-4 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), that the tender of the
tendered Shares complies with Rule 14e-4 under the Exchange Act, and that when
the same are accepted for payment by Purchaser, Purchaser will acquire good,
marketable, and unencumbered title thereto and to all Distributions, free and
clear of all liens, restrictions, charges, and encumbrances and the same will
not be subject to any adverse claims. The undersigned will, upon request,
execute and deliver any additional documents deemed by the Depositary or
Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to complete the sale, assignment, and
transfer of the Shares tendered hereby and all Distributions. In addition, the
undersigned shall remit and transfer promptly to the Depositary for the
account of Purchaser all Distributions in respect of the Shares tendered
hereby, accompanied by appropriate documentation of transfer, and, pending
such remittance and transfer or appropriate assurance thereof, Purchaser shall
be entitled to all rights and privileges as owner of each such Distribution
and may withhold the entire purchase price of the Shares tendered hereby, or
deduct from such purchase price, the amount or value of such Distribution as
determined by Purchaser in its sole discretion.

  All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred shall survive the
death or incapacity of the undersigned, and any obligation of the undersigned
hereunder shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators, personal
representatives, trustees in bankruptcy, successors, and assigns of the
undersigned. Except as stated in the Offer to Purchase, this tender is
irrevocable.

  The undersigned understands that the valid tender of Shares pursuant to any
one of the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and in
the Instructions hereto and Purchaser's acceptance of such shares for payment
will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and Purchaser upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer is
extended or amended, the terms or conditions of any such extension or
amendment), and the undersigned agrees that any withdrawal of tendered Shares
may be made only pursuant to the procedures specified in the Offer to
Purchase. Without limiting the foregoing, if the price to be paid in the Offer
is amended in accordance with the Merger Agreement, the price to be paid to
the undersigned will be the amended price notwithstanding the fact that a
different price is stated in this Letter of Transmittal. The undersigned
recognizes that under certain circumstances set forth in the Offer to
Purchase, Purchaser may not be required to accept for payment any of the
Shares tendered hereby.

  Unless otherwise indicated under "Special Payment Instructions," please
issue the check for the purchase price of all Shares purchased and/or return
any certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment in the
name(s) of the registered holder(s) appearing above under "Description of
Shares Tendered." Similarly, unless otherwise indicated under "Special
Delivery Instructions," please mail the check for the purchase price of all
Shares purchased and/or return any certificates for Shares not tendered or not
accepted for payment (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the
address(es) of the registered holder(s) appearing above under "Description of
Shares Tendered." In the event that the boxes titled "Special Payment
Instructions" and "Special Delivery Instructions" are both completed, please
issue the check for the purchase price of all Shares purchased in the name(s)
of, and deliver such check and/or return any certificates evidencing Shares
not tendered or not accepted for payment (and any accompanying documents, as
appropriate) to, the person(s) so indicated. Unless otherwise indicated herein
in the box titled "Special Payment Instructions," please credit any Shares
tendered herewith by book-entry transfer that are not accepted for payment by
crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility. The undersigned
recognizes that Purchaser has no obligation, pursuant to the "Special Payment
Instructions," to transfer any Shares from the name of the registered holder
thereof if Purchaser does not accept for payment any of the Shares so
tendered.

- -----------------------------------        -------------------------------------

    SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS             SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
 (See Instructions 1, 5, 6, and 7)             (See Instructions 1 and 7)

   Fill in ONLY if check is to be             Fill in ONLY if check is to be
 issued in a name other than the           delivered, or if any certificates
 undersigned.                              for Shares not tendered or not
                                           purchased are to be delivered, to
                                           someone other than the
                                           undersigned or to the undersigned
                                           at an address other than that
                                           shown under "Description of
                                           Shares Tendered."

 Deliver check to:                         Deliver [_] check and/or
                                           [_] certificates to:
 Name _____________________________
           (Please Print)
 Address __________________________        Name _____________________________
                                                     (Please Print)
 __________________________________        Address __________________________

 __________________________________        __________________________________

 __________________________________        __________________________________

 __________________________________        __________________________________
                 (Include Zip Code)
                                           __________________________________
 __________________________________                        (Include Zip Code)
   (Tax Identification or Social
          Security Number)                 __________________________________
                                             (Tax Identification or Social
- -----------------------------------                 Security Number)

                                           -------------------------------------

                                   IMPORTANT
                             STOCKHOLDER SIGN HERE
                   (Also Complete Substitute Form W-9 Below)

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           (Signature(s) of Owner(s))

 Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on
 stock certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by person(s)
 authorized to become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents
 transmitted herewith. If signature is by a trustee, executor,
 administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or
 other person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please set
 forth full title. See Instruction 5. (For information concerning signature
 guarantees see Instruction 1.)

 Dated: ______________________________________________________________ , 2001

 Name(s) ____________________________________________________________________

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                (Please Print)

 Capacity ___________________________________________________________________
                             (See Instruction 5)

 Address ____________________________________________________________________
                             (Including Zip Code)

 Area Code and Telephone No. (Business) _____________________________________

 Area Code and Telephone No. (Residence) ____________________________________

 Tax Identification or Social Security No. __________________________________
                                      (Complete the Substitute Form W-9
                                      contained herein)

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              SIGNATURE GUARANTEE
                        (See Instruction 1, if required)

 Authorized Signature _______________________________________________________

 Name _______________________________________________________________________
                                (Please Print)

 Title ______________________________________________________________________
                                (Please Print)

 Name of Firm _______________________________________________________________

 Address ____________________________________________________________________
                              (Include Zip Code)

 Area Code and Telephone No. ________________________________________________

 Dated _______________________________________________________________ , 2001

                     FOR USE BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ONLY
        FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS: PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN SPACE BELOW

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 INSTRUCTIONS

             FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

  To complete the Letter of Transmittal, you must do the following:

  .  Fill in the box titled "Description of Shares Tendered."

  .  Sign and date the Letter of Transmittal in the box titled "Important:
     Stockholder Sign Here."

  .  Fill in and sign in the box titled "Substitute From W-9."

  In completing the Letter of Transmittal, if you want the payment for any
Shares issued in the name of another person, complete the box titled "Special
Payment Instructions."

  (1) Guarantee of Signatures. No signature guarantee is required on this
Letter of Transmittal (a) if this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this Instruction 1, includes
any participant in any of the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's systems whose
name appears on a security position listing as the owner of the Shares) of
Shares tendered herewith, unless such registered holder(s) has completed
either the box titled "Special Payment Instructions" or the box titled
"Special Delivery Instructions" on the Letter of Transmittal or (b) if such
Shares are tendered for the account of a financial institution (including most
commercial banks, savings and loan associations, and brokerage houses) that is
a participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New
York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock
Exchange Medallion Program (each, an "Eligible Institution"). In all other
cases, all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution. See Instruction 5.

  (2) Delivery of Letter of Transmittal and Shares; Guaranteed Delivery
Procedures. This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by stockholders of
the Company either if Share certificates are to be forwarded herewith or,
unless an Agent's Message is utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made by
book-entry transfer pursuant to the procedures set forth herein and in Section
3 of the Offer to Purchase. For a stockholder to validly tender Shares
pursuant to the Offer, either (a) a properly completed and duly executed
Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile of the form thereof), together with any
required signature guarantees or an Agent's Message (in connection with book-
entry transfer) and any other required documents, must be received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses set forth herein prior to the Expiration
Date and either (i) certificates for tendered Shares must be received by the
Depositary at one of such addresses prior to the Expiration Date or (ii)
Shares must be delivered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer
set forth herein and in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry
Confirmation must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date
or (b) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery
procedures set forth herein and in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

  Stockholders whose certificates for Shares are not immediately available or
who cannot deliver their certificates and all other required documents to the
Depositary prior to the Expiration Date or who cannot comply with the book-
entry transfer procedures on a timely basis may tender their Shares by
properly completing and duly executing the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery
pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth herein and in Section
3 of the Offer to Purchase.

  Pursuant to such guaranteed delivery procedures, (i) such tender must be
made by or through an Eligible Institution, (ii) a properly completed and duly
executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by
Purchaser, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date,
and (iii) the certificates for all tendered Shares, in proper form for
transfer (or the Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to all tendered Shares),
together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or
a facsimile of the form thereof), with any required signature guarantees (or,
in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message) and any other
required documents must be received by the Depositary within three trading
days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. A
"trading day" is any day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for
business.

  The term "Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a
Book-Entry Confirmation, which states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility tendering the Shares which are subject to such Book-Entry
Confirmation, that such participant has received and agrees to be bound by the
terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce such
agreement against the participant.

  The signatures on this Letter of Transmittal cover the Shares tendered
hereby.

  THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATES, THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, AND ALL
OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
FACILITY, IS AT THE ELECTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER, AND
DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY. IF
DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT THE STOCKHOLDER USE PROPERLY
INSURED REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED. IN ALL CASES,
SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

  No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted, and no
fractional Shares will be purchased. All tendering shareholders, by executing
this Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile of the form thereof), waive any right
to receive any notice of acceptance of their Shares for payment.

  (3) Inadequate Space. If the space provided herein under "Description of
Shares Tendered" is inadequate, the number of Shares tendered and the Share
certificate numbers with respect to such Shares should be listed on a separate
signed schedule attached hereto.

  (4) Partial Tenders. (Not applicable to shareholders who tender by book-
entry transfer). If fewer than all the Shares evidenced by any Share
certificate delivered to the Depositary herewith are to be tendered hereby,
fill in the number of Shares that are to be tendered in the box titled "Number
of Shares Tendered." In any such case, new certificate(s) for the remainder of
the Shares that were evidenced by the old certificates will be sent to the
registered holder, unless otherwise provided in the box titled "Special
Delivery Instructions" on this Letter of Transmittal, as soon as practicable
after the Expiration Date or the termination of the Offer. All Shares
represented by certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have
been tendered unless otherwise indicated.

  (5) Signatures on Letter of Transmittal; Stock Powers and Endorsements. If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares
tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written
on the face of the certificate(s) without alteration, enlargement or any
change whatsoever.

  If any of the Shares tendered hereby are held of record by two or more joint
owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

  If any of the tendered Shares are registered in different names on several
certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many
separate Letters of Transmittal as there are different registrations of
certificates.

  If this Letter of Transmittal or any Share certificate or stock power is
signed by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact,
officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or
representative capacity, such person should so indicate when signing, and
proper evidence satisfactory to Purchaser of the authority of such person to
so act must be submitted.

  If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Shares listed and transmitted hereby, no endorsements of Share certificates or
separate stock powers are required.

  If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered holder(s) of the Shares evidenced by certificates listed and
transmitted hereby, the Share certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the
registered holder(s) appear(s) on the Share certificates. Signature(s) on any
such Share certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution.

  (6) Stock Transfer Taxes. Except as otherwise provided in this Instruction
6, Purchaser will pay all stock transfer taxes with respect to the transfer
and sale of any Shares to it or its order pursuant to the Offer. If, however,
payment of the purchase price of any Shares purchased is to be made to any
person other than the registered holder(s), or if tendered certificates are
registered in the name of any person other than the person(s) signing this
Letter of Transmittal, the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed
on the registered holder(s) or such other person) payable on account of the
transfer to such other person will be the responsibility of the tendering
stockholder.

  Except as provided in this Instruction 6, it will not be necessary for
transfer tax stamps to be affixed to the Share certificates evidencing the
Shares tendered hereby.

  (7) Special Payment and Delivery Instructions. If a check for the purchase
price of any Shares accepted for payment is to be issued in the name of a
person other than the signatory of this Letter of Transmittal or if a check is
to be sent to a person other than the signer of this Letter of Transmittal, or
to an address other than that shown above, the appropriate boxes on this
Letter of Transmittal should be completed.

  (8) Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies. Questions and requests for
assistance or additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of
Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, and the Guidelines for
Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 may be
directed to the Information Agent at its address and phone numbers set forth
below, or from brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies.

  (9) Waiver of Conditions. Subject to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser
reserves the absolute right in its sole discretion to waive, at any time or
from time to time, any of the specified conditions of the Offer, in whole or
in part, in the case of any Shares tendered.

  (10) Backup Withholding. In order to avoid "backup withholding" of federal
income tax on payments of cash pursuant to the Offer, a stockholder
surrendering Shares in the Offer must, unless an exemption applies, complete
the Substitute Form W-9 included in this Letter of Transmittal and certify,
under penalties of perjury, that such TIN is correct and that such stockholder
is not subject to backup withholding in accordance with the enclosed
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
Form W-9.

  Backup withholding is not an additional income tax. Rather, the amount of
the backup withholding can be credited against the federal income tax
liability of the person subject to the backup withholding, provided that the
required information is given to the IRS. If backup withholding results in an
overpayment of tax, a refund can be obtained from the IRS.

  Certain stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain
foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding.
Noncorporate foreign stockholders should complete and sign the main signature
form and a Form W-8, Certificate of Foreign Status, a copy of which may be
obtained from the Depositary, in order to avoid backup withholding. See the
enclosed "Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
Substitute Form W-9" for more instructions.

  (11) Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Share Certificates. If any certificate(s)
representing Shares has been lost, destroyed or stolen, the stockholder should
promptly contact the Depositary by telephone at 800-736-3001 and check the box
on page two indicating the number of Shares lost. The stockholder will then be
instructed as to the steps that must be taken in order to replace the Share
certificate(s). This Letter of Transmittal and related documents cannot be
processed until the procedures for replacing lost, destroyed or stolen Share
certificates have been followed.

  IMPORTANT: THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR FACSIMILE HEREOF) TOGETHER WITH
ANY REQUIRED SIGNATURE GUARANTEES, OR, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER,
AN AGENT'S MESSAGE, AND ANY OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE
DEPOSITARY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE, AND EITHER CERTIFICATES FOR TENDERED
SHARES MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY OR SHARES MUST BE DELIVERED PURSUANT
TO THE PROCEDURES FOR BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, IN EACH CASE PRIOR TO THE
EXPIRATION DATE, OR THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER MUST COMPLY WITH THE PROCEDURES
FOR GUARANTEED DELIVERY.

                           IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION

  In order to avoid "backup withholding" of federal income tax on payments of
cash pursuant to the Offer, a stockholder whose tendered Shares are accepted
for payment is required to provide the Depositary (as payer) with a completed
Substitute Form W-9 below. See the enclosed Guidelines For Certification of
Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for instructions on how
to complete this form.

  Certain stockholders (including, among others, all corporations, and certain
foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding requirements.
In order for a foreign individual to qualify as an exempt recipient, that
stockholder must submit a statement, signed under penalties of perjury,
attesting to that individual's exempt status. Such statements can be obtained
from the Depositary. Exempt stockholders, other than foreign individuals,
should furnish their taxpayer identification number (TIN), write "Exempt" on
the face of the Substitute Form W-9 below, and sign, date, and return the
Substitute Form W-9 to the Depositary. See the enclosed Guidelines for
Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for
additional instructions.

  If backup withholding applies, the Depositary is required to withhold 30.5%
of any payments made to the stockholder. Backup withholding is not an
additional tax. Rather, the tax liability of persons subject to backup
withholding will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding
results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained from the Internal
Revenue Service.

What Number to Give the Depositary

  The stockholder is required to give the Depositary the TIN of the record
owner of the Shares. If the Shares are in more than one name or are not in the
name of the actual owner, consult the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of
Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional guidance
on which number to report. If the tendering stockholder has not been issued a
TIN and has applied for a number or intends to apply for a number in the near
future, such stockholder should write "Applied For" in the space provided for
in the TIN in Part I, check the box in Part III and sign and date the
Substitute Form W-9. If "Applied For" is written in Part I and/or the
Depositary is not provided with a TIN within 60 days, the Depositary will
withhold 30.5% on all payments of the purchase price.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  PAYER'S NAME: EQUISERVE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

                                                       ----------------------
 SUBSTITUTE             Part I--PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR    Social Security No. or
 Form W-9               TIN IN THE SPACE AT THE        Employer Identification
 Department of          RIGHT AND CERTIFY BY                     No.
 the Treasury           SIGNING AND DATING BELOW
 Internal Revenue
 Service

                        ----------------------------

                                    Name

 Payer's Request for Taxpayer
 Identification Number ("TIN")

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Part II--For Payees exempt from backup withholding, see the enclosed
 Guidelines For Certification of Taxpayers Identification Number on
 Substitute Form W-9 and complete as instructed therein.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Certification--Under penalties of perjury, I certify that; (1) The number
 shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number, and (2) I
 am not subject to backup withholding because (a) I am exempt from backup
 withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the IRS that I am subject to
 backup withholding as of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or
 (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup
 withholding, and (3) I am a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien).

 Certification Instructions--You must cross out Item (2) above if you have
 been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because
 of under-reporting interest or dividends on your tax return. However, if
 after being notified by the IRS that you were subject to backup withholding,
 you received another notification from the IRS that you were no longer
 subject to backup withholding, do not cross out item (2).

               Also see instructions in the enclosed Guidelines.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       PLEASE SIGN HERE                     [_] Part III--
                                                            Awaiting TIN

 SIGNATURE _______________________   DATE _______ , 2001

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN BACKUP
      WITHHOLDING OF 30.5% OF ANY CASH PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE
      OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF
      TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL
      DETAILS.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU CHECKED
                THE BOX IN PART III OF THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

            CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

 I certify under penalties of perjury that a Taxpayer Identification Number
 has not been issued to me, and either (1) I have mailed or delivered an
 application to receive a Taxpayer Identification Number to the appropriate
 Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security Administration Office or
 (2) I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future. I
 understand that if I do not provide a Taxpayer Identification Number by the
 time of payment, 30.5% of all reportable cash payments made to me thereafter
 may be withheld, but that such amounts may be refunded to me if I then
 provide a Taxpayer Identification Number within 60 days.

 Signature ________________________      Date ______________ , 2001

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Questions and requests for assistance or additional copies of the Offer to
Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal and other tender offer materials may be
directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone numbers set
forth below:

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

              [LOGO OF GEORGESON SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS INC.]

                                17 State Street
                            New York, New York 10004
                 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 440-9800
                   All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 223-2064

EX-99.A3

dex99a3.txt

FORM OF NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                         NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                                      for

                       Tender of Shares of Common Stock

                                      of

                               XTRA Corporation

                                      to

                              BX Merger Sub Inc.
                         a wholly owned subsidiary of
                            Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
                   (Not to Be Used for Signature Guarantees)

  This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or a form substantially equivalent
hereto, must be used to accept the Offer (as defined below) if certificates
representing shares of Common Stock, par value $0.50 per share (the "Shares"),
of XTRA Corporation, a Delaware corporation, are not immediately available, if
the procedure for book-entry transfer cannot be completed prior to the
Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase), or if time
will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date. This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or such other form may be
delivered by hand, transmitted by facsimile transmission or mailed to the
Depositary. See Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

                       The Depositary for the Offer is:

                         EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.

              By Hand:                     By First-Class Mail:           By Overnight Courier:
        Securities Transfer &         EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.   EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.
      Reporting Services, Inc.           Attn: Corporate Actions         Attn: Corporate Actions
  c/o EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.           P.O. Box 43014                150 Royall Street
    100 William Street, Galleria        Providence, RI 02940-3014           Canton, MA 02021
         New York, NY 10038

                                        By Facsimile Transmission:
                                       (Eligible Institutions Only)
                                     (781) 575-4826 or (781) 575-4827

  Delivery of this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to an address other than as
set forth above or transmission of instructions via facsimile number other
than as set forth above will not constitute a valid delivery.

  This form is not to be used to guarantee signatures. If a signature on a
Letter of Transmittal is required to be guaranteed by an "Eligible
Institution" under the instructions thereto, such signature guarantee must
appear in the applicable space provided in the signature box on the Letter of
Transmittal.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Ladies and Gentlemen:

   The undersigned hereby tenders to BX Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware
 corporation ("Purchaser") and wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
 Inc., a Delaware corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
 set forth in Purchaser's Offer to Purchase dated August 14, 2001, and the
 related Letter of Transmittal (which together with the Offer to Purchase
 and any amendments and supplements thereto collectively constitute the
 "Offer"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of shares set
 forth below of Common Stock, par value $0.50 per share (the "Shares"), of
 XTRA Corporation, a Delaware corporation, pursuant to the guaranteed
 delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

 Number of Shares: __________________________________________________________

 Certificate Nos. (if available): ___________________________________________

 Name(s) of Record Holder(s): _______________________________________________

 ____________________________________________________________________________
                                 (Please Print)

 ____________________________________________________________________________

 Address(es): _______________________________________________________________
                                                                  (Zip Code)
 Area Code and Telephone No.: _______________________________________________

 Check box if Shares will be tendered by book-entry transfer: [_]

 Signature(s): ______________________________________________________________

 ____________________________________________________________________________

 Account Number: ____________________________________________________________

 Dated: _________, 2001

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                   GUARANTEE
                   (Not to Be Used for Signature Guarantees)

   The undersigned, a participant in the Securities Transfer Agents
 Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program or the
 Stock Exchange Medallion Program, guarantees to deliver to the Depositary
 either certificates representing the Shares tendered hereby, in proper
 form for transfer, or confirmation of book-entry transfer of such Shares
 into the Depositary's account at The Depository Trust Company, in each
 case with delivery of a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
 Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), with any required signature
 guarantees, or an Agent's Message, and any other documents required by the
 Letter of Transmittal, within three trading days (as defined in the Offer
 to Purchase) after the date hereof.

   The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the
 guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver the Letter of Transmittal and
 certificates for Shares to the Depositary within the time period set forth
 herein. Failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible
 Institution.

 Name of Firm: _____________________________________________________________

 ___________________________________________________________________________
                              Authorized Signature

 Address: __________________________________________________________________
                                                                      Zip Code
 Area Code and Telephone No.: ______________________________________________

 Name: _____________________________________________________________________
                                  Please Print

 Title: ____________________________________________________________________

 Dated: ____________, 2001

 NOTE: DO NOT SEND CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES WITH THIS NOTICE. CERTIFICATES
       SHOULD BE SENT ONLY WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EX-99.A4

dex99a4.txt

FORM OF LETTER TO BROKERS, DEALERS, COMMERCIAL

                          OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                    All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

                                      of

                               XTRA Corporation

                                      at

                               $55.00 per Share

                                      by

                              BX Merger Sub Inc.
                         a wholly owned subsidiary of

                            Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
      TIME, ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                                                                August 14, 2001

To Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
Trust Companies, and Other Nominees:

  We have been appointed by BX Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Purchaser") and wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), to act as Information Agent in connection
with Purchaser's offer to purchase all outstanding shares of Common Stock, par
value $0.50 per share ("Shares"), of XTRA Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), at $55.00 per Share in cash, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated August 14, 2001, and
in the related Letter of Transmittal (which together with the Offer to
Purchase and any amendments and supplements thereto collectively constitute
the "Offer") enclosed herewith. Please furnish copies of the enclosed
materials to those of your clients for whose accounts you hold Shares
registered in your name or in the name of your nominee.

  The offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly
tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the
Offer to Purchase) that number of Shares which constitutes a majority of the
Shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase) on the date Shares are accepted for payment. The Offer is also
subject to other conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase.

  For your information and for forwarding to your clients for whom you hold
Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, we are
enclosing the following documents:

  1. Offer to Purchase dated August 14, 2001;

  2. Letter of Transmittal for your use in accepting the Offer and tendering
Shares and for the information of your clients;

  3. Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if
certificates for Shares and all other required documents cannot be delivered
to the Depositary, or if the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be
completed, by the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase);

  4. A letter which may be sent to your clients for whose accounts you hold
Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, with space
provided for obtaining such clients' instructions with regard to the Offer;

  5. Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
Substitute Form W-9;

  6. A return envelope addressed to EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. (the
"Depositary"); and

  7. A letter from the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
accompanied by the Company's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule
14D-9.

  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the
Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension
or amendment), Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for Shares which are
validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date and not theretofore properly
withdrawn when, as and if Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the
Depositary of Purchaser's acceptance of such Shares for payment pursuant to
the Offer. Payment for Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer will in all
cases be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates
for such Shares, or timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of such
Shares into the Depositary's account at The Depositary Trust Company, pursuant
to the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, (ii) a
properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a properly
completed and manually signed facsimile thereof) or an Agent's Message (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with a book-entry transfer,
and (iii) all other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal.

  Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or
other person (other than the Information Agent and the Depositary as described
in the Offer to Purchase) for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the
Offer. Purchaser will, however, upon request, reimburse brokers, dealers,
commercial banks, and trust companies for customary mailing and handling costs
incurred by them in forwarding the enclosed materials to their customers.

  Purchaser will pay or cause to be paid all stock transfer taxes applicable
to its purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, subject to Instruction 6 of
the Letter of Transmittal.

  WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. PLEASE NOTE
THAT THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME, ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

  In order to take advantage of the Offer, a duly executed and properly
completed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), with any required
signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in connection with a book-entry
transfer of Shares, and any other required documents, should be sent to the
Depositary, and certificates representing the tendered Shares should be
delivered or such Shares should be tendered by book-entry transfer, all in
accordance with the Instructions set forth in the Letter of Transmittal and in
the Offer to Purchase.

  If holders of Shares wish to tender, but it is impracticable for them to
forward their certificates or other required documents or to complete the
procedures for delivery by book-entry transfer prior to the expiration of the
Offer, a tender may be effected by following the guaranteed delivery
procedures specified in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

  Any inquiries you may have with respect to the Offer should be addressed to,
and additional copies of the enclosed materials may be obtained from,
Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., the Information Agent, at the
address and telephone number set forth on the back cover of the Offer to
Purchase.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          Georgeson Shareholder
                                          Communications Inc.

  NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL CONSTITUTE YOU
THE AGENT OF PARENT, PURCHASER, THE COMPANY, THE INFORMATION AGENT, THE
DEPOSITARY OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY
OTHER PERSON TO USE ANY DOCUMENT OR MAKE ANY STATEMENT ON BEHALF OF ANY OF
THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER THAN THE DOCUMENTS ENCLOSED HEREWITH
AND THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN.

EX-99.A5

dex99a5.txt

FORM OF LETTER TO CLIENTS FOR USE BY BROKERS, DEALERS

                                                                 EXHIBIT (A)(5)

                          OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                    All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

                                      of

                               XTRA Corporation

                                      at

                               $55.00 per Share

                                      by

                              BX Merger Sub Inc.
                         a wholly owned subsidiary of
                            Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
      TIME, ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                                                                August 14, 2001

To Our Clients:

  Enclosed for your consideration are the Offer to Purchase dated August 14,
2001, and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with the Offer to
Purchase and any amendments and supplements thereto, collectively constitute
the "Offer") in connection with the offer by BX Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Purchaser") and wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), to purchase for cash all outstanding
shares of Common Stock, par value $0.50 per share ("Shares"), of XTRA
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). We are the holder of
record of Shares held for your account. A tender of such Shares can be made
only by us as the holder of record and pursuant to your instructions. The
enclosed Letter of Transmittal is furnished to you for your information only
and cannot be used by you to tender Shares held by us for your account.

  We request instructions as to whether you wish us to tender any or all of
the Shares held by us for your account, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer.

  Your attention is invited to the following:

  1. The offer price is $55.00 per Share in cash without interest.

  2. The Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares.

  3. The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously approved the Merger
Agreement (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), has unanimously determined that the Merger is advisable and
that the terms of the Offer and the Merger are fair to and in the best
interests of the Company's stockholders, and has unanimously recommended that
stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer.

  4. The Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York
City time, on September 11, 2001, unless the Offer is extended.

  5. The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly
tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the
Offer to Purchase) that number of Shares which constitutes a majority of the
Shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date Shares are accepted
for payment.

  The Offer is also subject to other conditions set forth in the Offer to
Purchase. See Section 14 of the Offer to Purchase.

  6. Any stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of Shares to Purchaser
pursuant to the Offer will be paid by Purchaser, except as otherwise provided
in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal. Tendering stockholders will not
be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions.

  Purchaser is not aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the Offer is
prohibited by any administrative or judicial action pursuant to any valid
state statute. In any jurisdiction in which the securities, blue sky or other
laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer
will be made on behalf of Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or
dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.

  If you wish to have us tender any or all of your Shares, please so instruct
us by completing, executing and returning to us the instruction form set forth
on the reverse side of this letter. An envelope to return your instructions to
us is enclosed. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares
will be tendered unless otherwise specified on the reverse side of this
letter. Your instructions should be forwarded to us in sufficient time to
permit us to submit a tender on your behalf prior to the expiration of the
Offer.

                       INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE

                          Offer to Purchase for Cash
                    All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

                                      of

                               XTRA Corporation

  The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter and the enclosed Offer
to Purchase dated August 14, 2001, and the related Letter of Transmittal in
connection with the Offer by BX Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and
wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware corporation, to
purchase all outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value $0.50 per share
(the "Shares"), of XTRA Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

  This will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below (or if
no number is indicated below, all Shares) held by you for the account of the
undersigned, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Offer.

  Number of Shares to be tendered:*

_____________________________  Shares

Dated: ________________________, 2001     _____________________________________

                                          _____________________________________
                                                      Signature(s)

_______________________________________________________________________________
                                 Print Name(s)

_______________________________________________________________________________
                                  Address(es)

_______________________________________________________________________________
                        Area Code and Telephone Number

_______________________________________________________________________________
                       Tax ID or Social Security Number

- --------
* Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares held by us
  for your account are to be tendered.

EX-99.A7

dex99a7.txt

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFIC

                                                                  EXHIBIT (A)(7)

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

Guidelines for Determining the Proper Identification Number to Give the
Payer. Social security numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens: e.g.
000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by only
one hyphen: e.g. 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the number to
give the payer.

- ---------------------------------------------

                             Give the
For this type of account:    SOCIAL SECURITY
                             number of--
- ---------------------------------------------

 1. An individual's account  The individual
 2. Two or more individuals  The actual owner
    (joint account)          of the account
                             or, if combined
                             funds, the first
                             individual on
                             the account(1)
 3. Husband and wife (joint  The actual owner
    account)                 of the account
                             or, if joint
                             funds, the first
                             individual on
                             the account(1)
 4. Custodian account of a   The minor(2)
    minor (Uniform Gift to
    Minors Act)
 5. Adult and minor (joint   The adult or, if
    account)                 the minor is the
                             only
                             contributor, the
                             minor(1)
 6. Account in the name of   The ward, minor,
    guardian or committee    or incompetent
    for a designated ward,   person(3)
    minor, or incompetent
    person
 7. a. The usual revocable   The grantor-
    savings trust account    trustee(1)
    (grantor is also
    trustee)
    b. So-called trust       The actual
    account that is not a    owner(1)
    legal or valid trust
    under State law
 8. Sole proprietorship      The owner(4)
    account
- ---------------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------

                             Give the EMPLOYER
For this type of account:    IDENTIFICATION
                             number of--
- ---------------------------------------------

 9. A valid trust, estate,   The legal entity
    or pension trust         (Do not furnish
                             the identifying
                             number of the
                             personal
                             representative
                             or trustee
                             unless the legal
                             entity itself is
                             not designated
                             in the account
                             title.)(5)
10. Corporate account        The corporation
11. Religious, charitable,   The organization
    or educational
    organization account
12. Partnership account      The partnership
    held in the name of
    the business
13. Association, club, or    The organization
    other tax-exempt
    organization
14. A broker or registered   The broker or
    nominee                  nominee
15. Account with the         The public
    Department of            entity
    Agriculture in the
    name of a public
    entity (such as a
    State or local
    government, school
    district, or prison)
    that receives
    agricultural program
    payments
- ---------------------------------------------

(1) List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish.
(2) Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.
(3) Circle the ward's, minor's or incompetent person's name and furnish such
    person's social security number.
(4) Show the name of the owner.
(5) List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension
    trust.

Note: If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will
      be considered to be that of the first name listed.

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9
                                    Page 2
Obtaining a Number
If you don't have a taxpayer identification number ("TIN") or you don't know
your number, obtain, as appropriate, either a Form SS-5, Application for a
Social Security Number Card, a Form SS-4, Application for Employer
Identification Number, or a Form W-7 for Individual Taxpayer Identification
Number (for alien individuals required to file U.S. tax returns), at the local
office of the Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service
and apply for a number.

Payees Exempt from Backup Withholding
Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on all dividend and
interest payments and on broker transactions include the following:

 . A corporation.
 . A financial institution.
 . An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a), or an individual
   retirement plan, or a custodian account under Section 403(b)(7) if the
   account satisfies the requirements of Section 401(f)(2).
 . The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
 . A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or
   any subdivision or instrumentality thereof.
 . A foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or
   any agency or instrumentality thereof.
 . An international organization or any agency, or instrumentality thereof.
 . A registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the U.S. or
   a possession of the U.S.
 . A real estate investment trust.
 . A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a).
 . An entity registered at all times under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
 . A foreign central bank of issue.

Payments of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup
withholding include the following:

 . Payments to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under section 1441.
 . Payments to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. and
   which have at least one nonresident alien partner.
 . Payments of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in
   money.
 . Payments made by certain foreign organizations.

Payments of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the
following:

 . Payments of interest on obligations issued by individuals. Note: You may be
   subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more and is paid
   in the course of the payer's trade or business and you have not provided
   your correct taxpayer identification number to the payer.
 . Payments of tax-exempt interest (including the exempt-interest dividends
   under section 852).
 . Payments described in section 6049(b)(5) to nonresident aliens.
 . Payments on tax-free covenant bonds under section 1451.
 . Payments made by certain foreign organizations.

Exempt payees described above should file the Substitute Form W-9 to avoid
possible erroneous backup withholding. Complete the Substitute Form W-9 as
follows:

ENTER YOUR TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE "EXEMPT" ACROSS THE FACE OF
THE FORM, SIGN, DATE, AND RETURN THE FORM TO THE PAYER.

Certain payments other than interest, dividends, and patronage dividends that
are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup with-
holding. For details, see the sections 6041, 6041A(a), 6042, 6044, 6045, 6049,
6050A and 6050N and the regulations thereunder.

Privacy Act Notice.--Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividend,
interest, or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payers
who must report the payments to the IRS. The IRS uses the numbers for
identification purposes and to help verify the accuracy of tax reforms. The
IRS may also provide this information to the Department of Justice for civil
and criminal litigation, and to cities, states, and the District of Columbia
to carry out their tax laws. Payers must be given the numbers whether or not
recipients are required to file tax returns. Payers must generally withhold
31% of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other payments to a payee who
does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a payer. Certain
penalties may also apply.

Penalties
(1) Penalty for Failure to Furnish Taxpayer Identification Number.--If you
fail to furnish your correct taxpayer identification number to a payer, you
are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is
due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect.
(2) Penalty for False Information With Respect to Withholding.--If you make a
false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no imposition of
backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500.
(3) Criminal Penalty for Falsifying Information.--Willfully falsifying
certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including
fines and/or imprisonment.
(4) Misuse of Taxpayer Identification Numbers.--If the payer discloses or uses
taxpayer identification numbers in violation of Federal law, the payer may be
subject to civil and criminal penalties.

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE
SERVICE.

EX-99.A8

dex99a8.txt

FORM OF SUMMARY ADVERTISEMENT, DATED AUGUST 14,

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer
 to sell Shares (as defined below). The Offer (as defined below) is made solely
 by the Offer to Purchase, dated August 14, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and
the related Letter of Transmittal, and is being made to all holders of Shares.
 The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf
 of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or
    the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such
    jurisdiction or any administrative or judicial action pursuant thereto.

                      Notice of Offer to Purchase for Cash
                     All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock
                                       of
                                XTRA Corporation
                                       at
                                $55.00 Per Share
                                       by
                               BX Merger Sub Inc.
                          a wholly owned subsidiary of
                            Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

      BX Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"),
is offering to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock, par value $0.50 per share (the "Shares"), of XTRA Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), for $55.00 per Share in cash (the "Offer Price"),
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase
and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which together, along with any
amendments or supplements thereto, constitute the "Offer").  Stockholders who
tender directly to the Depositary (as defined below) will not be obligated to
pay brokerage fees or commissions or, except as stated in the instructions to
the Letter of Transmittal, stock transfer taxes, if any, on the purchase of
Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer.  Stockholders who hold their Shares
through a broker or bank should consult such institution as to whether it
charges any service fees or commissions.  Purchaser is offering to acquire all
Shares as a first step in acquiring the entire equity interest in the Company.
Following consummation of the Offer, Parent and Purchaser intend to effect the
merger described below.

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME, ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

      The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
"Merger Agreement"), dated as of July 30, 2001, by and among the Company, Parent
and Purchaser, pursuant to which, as soon as practicable after the completion of
the Offer and satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the Merger (as defined
below), Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company and the Company will
continue as the surviving corporation and will become a wholly owned subsidiary
of Parent.  The merger, as effected pursuant to the immediately preceding
sentence, is referred to herein as the "Merger."  At the effective time of the
Merger (the "Effective Time"), each Share then outstanding (other than Shares
held by Parent, Purchaser

or any other wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, or by the Company as treasury
stock or by any subsidiary of the Company, or by dissenting stockholders who
have properly exercised their appraisal rights) will be canceled and
extinguished and converted into the right to receive the Offer Price in cash,
payable to the holder thereof, without interest. If Purchaser acquires, pursuant
to the Offer, at least 90% of the then issued and outstanding Shares, Purchaser
intends to effect the Merger without a vote of the Company's stockholders
pursuant to Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (a "Short-Form
Merger").

      THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS (1) HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE
MERGER, (2) HAS UNANIMOUSLY DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER IS ADVISABLE AND THAT THE
TERMS OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE
COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS, AND (3) HAS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDED THAT THE COMPANY'S
STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

      Simultaneously with entering into the Merger Agreement, Parent and
Purchaser also entered into a Stockholders Agreement (the "Stockholders
Agreement") with Tiger Management L.L.C. and Tiger Performance L.L.C. (the
"Tiger Advisers") and with Tiger Management Corporation and Julian H. Robertson,
Jr., pursuant to which these parties agreed to tender all Shares beneficially
owned by the Tiger Advisers in the Offer, to vote all of the Tiger Advisers'
Shares in favor of the Merger and against any alternative acquisition proposal,
and not to participate in discussions or negotiations for any alternative
acquisition proposal.  In addition, these parties have granted Parent and
Purchaser an option on the Tiger Advisers' Shares, exercisable under certain
conditions.  The Tiger Advisers beneficially own approximately 30% of the issued
and outstanding Shares.  According to the Company, as of July 30, 2001, there
were 10,506,973 Shares issued and outstanding.

      The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly
tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) that
number of Shares which constitutes a majority of the outstanding Shares on a
fully diluted basis on the date Shares are accepted for payment.  As used
herein, "fully diluted basis" means the number of Shares outstanding, together
with the number of Shares which the Company may be required to issue pursuant to
options or obligations outstanding at that date and which do not terminate upon
consummation of the Offer under employee stock or similar benefit plans or
otherwise, whether or not vested or then exercisable.  Purchaser will not be
required to accept for payment or pay for any tendered Shares until the
expiration or termination of all applicable waiting periods under the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and to the extent
applicable, under similar Canadian and Mexican antitrust laws.  The Offer is
also subject to other terms and conditions described in Section 14 of the Offer
to Purchase.

      Goldman, Sachs & Co., the Company's financial advisor, has delivered to
the Company its written opinion, dated July 30, 2001, to the effect that, as of
that date and based on and subject to the matters stated in such opinion, the
$55.00 per Share in cash to be received by the Company's stockholders in the
Offer and the Merger is fair to such stockholders from a financial

point of view. A copy of the written opinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co. is
contained in the Company's Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule
14D-9 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the
Offer, a copy of which is being furnished to the Company's stockholders
concurrently with the Offer to Purchase.

      For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for
payment, and thereby purchased, Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn if, as
and when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.
(the "Depositary") of Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant
to the Offer.  Payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer
will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary,
which will act as agent for the tendering stockholders for the purposes of
receiving payments from Purchaser and transmitting such payments to the
tendering stockholders whose Shares have been accepted for payment. In all
cases, payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the
Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (a)
certificates for (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer
to Purchase) with respect to) such Shares, (b) a Letter of Transmittal, properly
completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees (or, in the
case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase)), and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal.
Accordingly, tendering Stockholders may be paid at different times depending
upon when certificates for, or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to, the
Shares are actually received by the Depositary.  Under no circumstances will
interest be paid on the purchase price to be paid by Purchaser for the tendered
Shares, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such
payment.  Tenders of Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable, except
that Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the
procedures set forth below at any time prior to the Expiration Date, and unless
theretofore accepted for payment by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may also be
withdrawn at any time after October 12, 2001, as described in Section 4 of the
Offer to Purchase.

      For a withdrawal to be effective, a written transmission notice of
withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set
forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase.  Any such notice of withdrawal
must specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the
number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of such
Shares, if different from that of the person who tendered such Shares.  If
certificates evidencing Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise
identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such
certificates, the serial numbers shown on the particular certificates to be
withdrawn must be submitted to the Depositary, and the signature(s) on the
notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution (as defined
in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase), unless such Shares have been tendered
for the account of an Eligible Institution.  If Shares have been tendered
pursuant to the procedures for book-entry tender as set forth in Section 3 of
the Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and
number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with
the withdrawn Shares.  Any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed
not to have been validly tendered for purposes of the Offer.  However, withdrawn
Shares may be re-tendered at any time prior to the Expiration Date by following
one of the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

      The term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
September 11, 2001, unless and until the period for which the Offer is open is
extended in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, in which event
the term "Expiration Date" will mean the latest time and date on which the
Offer, as so extended, expires.

      All questions as to the form and validity (including, without limitation,
time of receipt) of notices of withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in
its sole discretion, whose determination shall be final and binding. None of
Parent, Purchaser, the Depositary, Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc.
(the "Information Agent"), or any other person will be under any duty to give
notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or
incur any liability for failure to give such notification.

      Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, the
Expiration Date may be extended to allow for the satisfaction or waiver of
unsatisfied and unwaived conditions or to increase the likelihood of acquiring
enough Shares to enable Purchaser to effect a Short-Form Merger.  In lieu of an
extension and subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement,
Purchaser may elect to provide a "subsequent offering period" in accordance with
Rule 14d-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act").  Oral or written notice of any extension of the Expiration Date or the
provision of a subsequent offering period would be given to the Depositary and a
public announcement would be made by no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City
time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled expiration date.
During an extension, all Shares previously tendered and not withdrawn would
remain subject to the Offer, subject to the right of a tendering stockholder to
withdraw such stockholder's Shares.  During a subsequent offering period,
stockholders would not be able to withdraw Shares previously tendered in the
Offer and stockholders would not be able to withdraw Shares tendered during the
subsequent offering period.  In addition, the Merger Agreement provides that, in
certain circumstances, the Expiration Date shall be extended to allow for the
satisfaction of certain unsatisfied conditions.

      The receipt by a stockholder of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer and
the Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax
purposes, and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or
foreign tax laws. All stockholders are urged to consult with their own tax
advisors as to the particular tax consequences to them of the Offer and the
Merger.

      The information required to be disclosed by paragraph (d)(1) of Rule 14d-6
under the Exchange Act is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated
herein by reference.

      The Company has provided Purchaser with mailing labels containing the
names and addresses of all record holders of Shares and with security position
listings of Shares held in stock depositories, together with all other available
listings and computer files containing names, addresses and security position
listings of record holders and beneficial owners of Shares.  The Offer to
Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and other relevant documents will be
mailed to record holders of Shares, will be furnished (for subsequent
transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares) to the brokers, dealers, commercial
banks, trust companies and others whose names, or

the names of whose nominees, appear on these lists and may be mailed directly to
beneficial owners.

      The Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal contain
important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made
with respect to the Offer.

      Questions and requests for assistance or additional copies of the Offer to
Purchase, Letter of Transmittal and any other tender offer documents may be
directed to the Information Agent at its telephone number and location listed
below, and copies will be furnished at Purchaser's expense.  Purchaser will not
pay fees to any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Information
Agent and the Depositary) for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the
Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                   Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc.

                          17 State Street, 10th Floor
                            New York, New York 10004
                 Banks and Broker call collect: (212) 440-9800
                   All others call toll-free: (800) 223-2064

August 14, 2001

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----