URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/23194/000095013401508726/0000950134-01-508726.txt

0339
		FILM NUMBER:		1792139

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13760 NOEL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1030
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240-7336
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9722339906

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13760 NOEL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1030
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240-7336

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUEEN SAND RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960809

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMSTOCK RESOURCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000023194
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				941667468
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5300 TOWN AND COUNTRY BLVD
		STREET 2:		STE 500
		CITY:			FRISCO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9726688800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5300 TOWN AND COUNTRY BLVD
		STREET 2:		STE 500
		CITY:			FRISCO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75034

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMSTOCK TUNNEL & DRAINAGE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880121

SC TO-T

d92258scto-t.txt

SCHEDULE TO-T

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                             ---------------------
                                  SCHEDULE TO

           TENDER OFFER STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 14(d)(1) OR 13(e)(1)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                               DEVX ENERGY, INC.
                           (Name of Subject Company)

                           COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.
                            COMSTOCK HOLDINGS, INC.
                            COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.
                      (Names of Filing Persons (Offeror))

                    COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.234 PER SHARE
                         (Title of Class of Securities)

                                   25189P203
                     (CUSIP Number of Class of Securities)

                                 M. JAY ALLISON
                            COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.
                     5300 TOWN AND COUNTRY BLVD., SUITE 500
                              FRISCO, TEXAS 75034
                                 (972) 668-8800
                 (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person
 Authorized to Receive Notices and Communications on Behalf of Filing Persons)

                                    COPY TO:
                                JACK E. JACOBSEN
                            LOCKE LIDDELL & SAPP LLP
                          2200 ROSS AVENUE, SUITE 2200
                              DALLAS, TEXAS 75201
                                 (214) 740-8000

                           CALCULATION OF FILING FEE

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              TRANSACTION VALUE*                           AMOUNT OF FILING FEE**
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 $92,903,976                                      $18,581
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * Estimated for purposes of calculating the amount of the filing fee only.
   Calculated by adding (i) 12,649,522, the number of shares of common stock
   outstanding as of November 12, 2001, multiplied by the $7.32 per share tender
   offer price, (ii) an estimated 522,500 shares of common stock subject to
   options with an exercise price of less than $7.32 per share, multiplied by
   $7.32 less $6.89, the average exercise price of such options, and (iii)
   265,000 shares of common stock subject to warrants multiplied by $7.32 less
   $7.00, the exercise price of such warrants.

** Calculated as 1/50 of 1% of the transaction value.

[ ] Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule
    0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was
    previously paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
    number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

   Amount Previously Paid:
   ---------------------------     Filing Party:
   -------------------------------------
   Form or Registration No.:
   --------------------------     Date Filed:
   ---------------------------------------

[ ] Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications
    made before the commencement of a tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes to designate any transactions to which the statement
relates:

[X] third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1.

[ ] issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.

[ ] going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3.

[ ] amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2.

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results
of the tender offer:  [ ]

     This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this "Schedule TO") is filed by
Comstock Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Comstock Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Holdings"), which, in turn, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock
Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Comstock"). This Schedule TO relates to
the offer by Purchaser to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par
value $0.234 per share (the "Shares"), of DevX Energy, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("DevX"), at a purchase price of $7.32 per Share, net to the seller
in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to
Purchase dated November 15, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase") and in the related
Letter of Transmittal, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits (a)(1)
and (a)(2) (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto,
collectively constitute the "Offer"). The information set forth in the Offer to
Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal is incorporated herein by
reference with respect to Items 1-9 and 11 of this Schedule TO. The Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of November 12, 2001 among Comstock, Holdings,
Purchaser and DevX, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (d)(1) hereto, and
the Confidentiality Agreement dated January 16, 2001 between Comstock and DevX,
a copy of which is attached as Exhibit (d)(2) hereto, are incorporated herein by
reference with respect to Items 5 and 11 of this Schedule TO.

ITEM 10.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF CERTAIN BIDDERS.

     Not applicable.

ITEM 12.  MATERIAL TO BE FILED AS EXHIBITS.

(a)(1)  Offer to Purchase dated November 15, 2001.
(a)(2)  Form of Letter of Transmittal.
(a)(3)  Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
(a)(4)  Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust
        Companies and Other Nominees.
(a)(5)  Form of Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers,
        Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Nominees.
(a)(6)  Form of Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
        Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.
(a)(7)  Summary Advertisement as published in The Wall Street
        Journal on November 15, 2001.
(a)(8)  Press Release issued by Comstock on November 13, 2001.
(a)(9)  Press Release issued by Comstock on October 22, 2001
        (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to
        Comstock's Preliminary Communication on Schedule TO filed on
        October 22, 2001).
(b)(1)  Commitment Letter dated November 14, 2001 between Comstock
        and TD Securities (USA), Inc.
(b)(2)  Commitment Letter dated November 14, 2001 between Holdings
        and Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co., Inc., as an Arranger
        and Bookrunner.
(b)(3)  Commitment Letter dated November 14, 2001 between Comstock
        and TD Securities (USA), Inc.
(d)(1)  Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 12, 2001
        among Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser and DevX.
(d)(2)  Confidentiality Agreement dated January 16, 2001 between
        Comstock and DevX.
(g)     None.
(h)     None.

ITEM 13.  INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE 13E-3.

     Not applicable.

     After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify
that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.

                                          COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.

                                          By:      /s/ M. JAY ALLISON
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                       M. Jay Allison
                                                         President

                                          COMSTOCK HOLDINGS, INC.

                                          By:      /s/ M. JAY ALLISON
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                       M. Jay Allison
                                                         President

                                          COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.

                                          By:      /s/ M. JAY ALLISON
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                       M. Jay Allison
                                               Chairman, President and Chief
                                                      Executive Officer

Dated: November 14, 2001

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT
  NO.
- -------

(a)(1)   Offer to Purchase dated November 15, 2001.
(a)(2)   Form of Letter of Transmittal.
(a)(3)   Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
(a)(4)   Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust
         Companies and Other Nominees.
(a)(5)   Form of Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers,
         Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Nominees.
(a)(6)   Form of Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
         Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.
(a)(7)   Summary Advertisement as published in The Wall Street
         Journal on November 15, 2001.
(a)(8)   Press Release issued by Comstock on November 13, 2001.
(a)(9)   Press Release issued by Comstock on October 22, 2001
         (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to
         Comstock's Preliminary Communication on Schedule TO filed on
         October 22, 2001).
(b)(1)   Commitment Letter dated November 14, 2001 between Comstock
         and TD Securities (USA), Inc.
(b)(2)   Commitment Letter dated November 14, 2001 between Holdings
         and Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co., Inc., as an Arranger
         and Bookrunner.
(b)(3)   Commitment Letter dated November 14, 2001 between Comstock
         and TD Securities (USA), Inc.
(d)(1)   Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 12, 2001
         among Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser and DevX.
(d)(2)   Confidentiality Agreement dated January 16, 2001 between
         Comstock and DevX.
(g)      None.
(h)      None.

EX-99.(A)(1)

d92258ex99-a1.txt

OFFER TO PURCHASE DATED NOVEMBER 15, 2001

                                                                  EXHIBIT (a)(1)

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                               DEVX ENERGY, INC.

                                       AT

                              $7.32 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                           COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.,
                     AN INDIRECT WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                            COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.

         THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
              NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2001,
                         UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     The Offer is being made pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of
Merger dated as of November 12, 2001 among Comstock Resources, Inc., Comstock
Holdings, Inc., Comstock Acquisition Inc. and DevX Energy, Inc. The Offer is
conditioned upon a number of matters contained in this Offer to Purchase, which
include there having been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the
expiration of the Offer at least 50% of the number of then outstanding DevX
shares (including all DevX shares issuable upon the exercise of then outstanding
options or warrants) plus one DevX share. See "Section 1. Terms of the Offer;
Expiration Date" and "Section 14. Certain Conditions of the Offer," which set
forth in full the conditions to the Offer.

     The Board of Directors of DevX has determined that the Agreement and Plan
of Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the
merger, are fair to, and in the best interest of, the holders of common stock of
DevX, has approved, adopted and declared advisable the Agreement and Plan of
Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the
merger, and has resolved to recommend that the holders of those shares accept
the Offer and tender their shares pursuant to the Offer.

                                   IMPORTANT

     Any stockholder desiring to tender all or any portion of such stockholder's
DevX shares should do any of the following:

     - complete and sign the accompanying Letter of Transmittal in accordance
       with the instructions in the Letter of Transmittal and mail or deliver
       it, together with the certificate(s) evidencing tendered shares, and any
       other required documents, to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the
       Depositary for the Offer;

     - tender your shares pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfer
       described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering
       Shares"; or

     - request such stockholder's broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company
       or other nominee to effect the transaction for such stockholder. Any
       stockholder whose DevX shares are registered in the name of a broker,
       dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee must contact such
       broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee if such
       stockholder desires to tender such shares.

     A stockholder who desires to tender shares of DevX common stock and whose
certificates evidencing such shares are not immediately available, or who cannot
comply with the procedure for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, may tender
such shares by following the procedure for guaranteed delivery set forth in
"Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares."

     Questions or requests for assistance may be directed to the Information
Agent at its address and telephone number set forth on the back cover of this
Offer to Purchase. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of
Transmittal and the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may also be obtained from the
Information Agent or from brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies.

November 15, 2001

                               

SUMMARY TERM SHEET.................................................   ii
INTRODUCTION.......................................................    1
   1.  Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date.........................    3
   2.  Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares...............    5
   3.  Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares.....    6
   4.  Withdrawal Rights...........................................    8
   5.  Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences.....................    9
   6.  Price Range of Shares; Dividends............................   10
   7.  Certain Information Concerning DevX.........................   11
   8.  Certain Information Concerning Comstock, Holdings and
       Purchaser...................................................   11
   9.  Financing of the Offer and the Merger.......................   12
  10.  Background of the Offer; the Merger Agreement and Related
       Agreements..................................................   14
  11.  Purpose of the Offer; Plans for DevX After the Offer and the
       Merger; Effect on Senior Notes..............................   24
  12.  Dividends and Distributions.................................   27
  13.  Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for Shares,
       Nasdaq Listing, Margin Regulations and Exchange Act
       Registration................................................   27
  14.  Certain Conditions of the Offer.............................   28
  15.  Certain Legal Matters and Regulatory Approvals..............   29
  16.  Fees and Expenses...........................................   31
  17.  Miscellaneous...............................................   31
Schedule I Directors and Executive Officers of Comstock, Holdings
  and Purchaser

                                        i

                               SUMMARY TERM SHEET

     This summary term sheet highlights selected information from this Offer to
Purchase, and may not contain all of the information that is important to you.
To better understand our Offer to you and for a complete description of the
legal terms of the Offer, you should read this entire Offer to Purchase and the
accompanying Letter of Transmittal carefully. Questions or requests for
assistance may be directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone
number on the last page of this Offer to Purchase.

WHO IS OFFERING TO BUY MY SECURITIES?

     - We are Comstock Acquisition Inc., a newly formed Delaware corporation and
       a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
       corporation, which, in turn, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock
       Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation. We were organized in connection
       with this Offer and have not carried on any activities other than in
       connection with this Offer. See "Section 8. Certain Information
       Concerning Comstock, Holdings and Purchaser."

     - Comstock Resources, Inc. is an independent energy company engaged in the
       acquisition, development, production and exploration of oil and natural
       gas properties. See "Section 8. Certain Information Concerning Comstock,
       Holdings and Purchaser."

WHAT ARE THE CLASSES AND AMOUNTS OF SECURITIES SOUGHT IN THE OFFER?

     - We are seeking to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of
       common stock, par value $0.234 per share, of DevX Energy, Inc. See
       "Introduction" and "Section 1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date."

     - The Offer is not being made for (nor will tenders be accepted of) any of
       DevX's 12 1/2% senior notes due 2008. See "Introduction" and "Section 11.
       Purpose of the Offer, Plans for DevX After the Offer and the Merger;
       Effect on Senior Notes."

HOW MUCH ARE YOU OFFERING TO PAY AND WHAT IS THE FORM OF PAYMENT?

     - We are offering to pay $7.32 per share of common stock of DevX, net to
       the seller in cash (subject to applicable withholding taxes) and without
       interest thereon. See "Introduction," "Section 1. Terms of the Offer;
       Expiration Date" and "Section 5. Certain Federal Income Tax
       Consequences."

     - If you tender your DevX shares in the Offer, you will not be obligated to
       pay brokerage fees or commissions or, except as otherwise provided in
       Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, stock transfer taxes with
       respect to the sale of your shares pursuant to the Offer. See
       "Introduction."

WHAT ARE THE MOST SIGNIFICANT CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER?

     - We are not obligated to purchase any DevX shares unless there have been
       validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer
       at least 50% of the number of then outstanding DevX shares (including all
       DevX shares issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants outstanding
       on December 12, 2001) plus one DevX share. See "Section 1. Terms of the
       Offer; Expiration Date" and "Section 14. Certain Conditions of the
       Offer."

     - This and other conditions to our obligation to purchase DevX shares
       tendered in the Offer are described in greater detail in "Section 1.
       Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date" and "Section 14. Certain Conditions
       of the Offer."

DO YOU HAVE THE FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO MAKE THE OFFERED PAYMENT?

     - Yes. Comstock Holdings, Inc. will finance approximately $57.0 million of
       the Offer with borrowings under an acquisition loan. The remaining
       portion of the Offer will be financed through an investment by Comstock
       Resources, Inc. in Comstock Holdings, Inc. with borrowings under a new
       bank credit facility. See "Section 9. Financing of the Offer and the
       Merger."
                                        ii

     - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co., Inc. is an advisor and arranger for the
       acquisition loan and is also DevX's financial advisor for the Offer and
       the Merger. Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co., Inc. is also providing
       services to Comstock Resources, Inc. in connection with a potential
       acquisition from third parties of oil and gas properties in which DevX
       also owns an interest. The fees payable by Comstock and DevX to Friedman,
       Billings, Ramsey & Co., Inc. and its affiliate in connection with these
       matters are described below in "Section 9. Financing of the Offer and the
       Merger."

IS YOUR FINANCIAL CONDITION RELEVANT TO MY DECISION TO TENDER IN THE OFFER?

     - We do not think that our financial condition is relevant to your decision
       to tender in the Offer because the form of payment consists solely of
       cash and the Offer is not subject to a financing condition. In addition,
       no relevant historical information concerning Comstock Acquisition Inc.
       is available because we have not carried on any activities other than in
       connection with the Offer.

HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO DECIDE WHETHER TO TENDER IN THE OFFER?

     - You will have at least until 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
       Thursday, December 13, 2001, to decide whether to tender your DevX shares
       in the Offer. If you cannot deliver everything that is required in order
       to make a valid tender by that time, you may be able to use a guaranteed
       delivery procedure, which is described in "Section 3. Procedures for
       Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares."

CAN THE OFFER BE EXTENDED, AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES?

     - We may, without the consent of DevX, but subject to the terms of the
       Merger Agreement and applicable law, extend the period of time during
       which the Offer remains open. We have agreed in the Agreement and Plan of
       Merger that we may extend the Offer until not later than January 11, 2002
       if less than 50% of the number of then outstanding DevX shares (including
       all DevX shares issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants
       outstanding on December 12, 2001) plus one DevX share have been validly
       tendered and not withdrawn prior to December 13, 2001. See "Section 1.
       Terms of Offer; Expiration Date."

HOW WILL I BE NOTIFIED IF THE OFFER IS EXTENDED?

     - If we decide to extend the Offer, we will inform American Stock Transfer
       & Trust Company, the Depositary, of that fact, and will issue a press
       release giving the new expiration date no later than 9:00 a.m., New York
       City time, on the day after the day on which the Offer was previously
       scheduled to expire. See "Section 1. Terms of Offer; Expiration Date."

HOW DO I TENDER MY SHARES?

     - To tender your DevX shares in the Offer, you must:

      - complete and sign the accompanying Letter of Transmittal in accordance
        with the instructions in the Letter of Transmittal and mail or deliver
        it, together with your share certificate(s), and any other required
        documents, to the Depositary;

      - tender your shares pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfer
        described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and
        Tendering Shares"; or

      - request your broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other
        nominee to effect the transaction for you. If your shares are registered
        in the name of a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other
        nominee, you must contact such broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust
        company or other nominee if you desire to tender your shares.

     - If your share certificates are not immediately available or if you cannot
       deliver your share certificates and any other required documents to
       American Stock Transfer & Trust Company prior to the

                                       iii

       expiration of the Offer, or you cannot complete the procedure for
       delivery by book-entry transfer on a timely basis, you may still tender
       your shares if you comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures
       described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering
       Shares."

UNTIL WHAT TIME CAN I WITHDRAW PREVIOUSLY TENDERED SHARES?

     - You may withdraw previously tendered shares any time prior to the
       expiration of the Offer. See "Section 4. Withdrawal Rights."

HOW DO I WITHDRAW PREVIOUSLY TENDERED SHARES?

     - To withdraw previously tendered shares, you must deliver a written or
       facsimile notice of withdrawal with the required information to American
       Stock Transfer & Trust Company while you still have the right to
       withdraw. If you tendered shares by giving instructions to a broker or
       bank, you must instruct the broker or bank to arrange for the withdrawal
       of your shares. See "Section 4. Withdrawal Rights."

WHAT DOES THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF DEVX THINK OF THE OFFER?

     - The Board of Directors of DevX has determined that the merger agreement
       and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the
       merger, are fair to, and in the best interest of, the holders of common
       stock of DevX, has approved, adopted and declared advisable the merger
       agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer
       and the merger, and has resolved to recommend that the holders of those
       shares accept the Offer and tender their shares pursuant to the Offer.
       See "Introduction."

WILL DEVX CONTINUE AS A PUBLIC COMPANY?

     - If the merger occurs, DevX will no longer be publicly owned. Even if the
       merger does not occur, if we purchase all of the tendered shares, there
       may be so few remaining stockholders and publicly held shares that the
       shares will no longer be eligible to be traded through the Nasdaq
       National Market or other securities market, there may not be a public
       trading market for the shares and DevX may cease making filings with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise cease being required to
       comply with Securities and Exchange Commission rules relating to publicly
       held companies. See "Section 13. Possible Effects of the Offer on the
       Market for Shares, Nasdaq Listing, Margin Regulations and Exchange Act
       Registration."

WILL THE OFFER BE FOLLOWED BY A MERGER IF ALL THE SHARES ARE NOT TENDERED?

     - If Comstock Acquisition Inc. accepts for payment and pays for at least
       50% of the number of then outstanding DevX shares (including all DevX
       shares issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants outstanding on
       December 12, 2001) plus one DevX share, Comstock Acquisition Inc. will
       merge into DevX. If the merger occurs, DevX will become an indirect
       wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock Resources, Inc., and each issued and
       outstanding DevX share (other than any shares held in the treasury of
       DevX, owned by DevX, us or Comstock Resources, Inc., or owned by
       stockholders seeking appraisal for their shares) will be canceled and
       converted automatically into the right to receive $7.32 per share, in
       cash (or any greater amount per share paid pursuant to the Offer),
       without interest. See "Introduction" and "Section 10. Background of the
       Offer; the Merger Agreement and Related Agreements."

IF I DECIDE NOT TO TENDER, HOW WILL THE OFFER AFFECT MY SHARES?

     - If you decide not to tender your shares in the Offer and the merger
       occurs, you will receive the same amount of cash per share as if you
       would have tendered your shares in the Offer, unless you have exercised
       your appraisal rights under Delaware law. See "Section 11. Purpose of the
       Offer; Plans for DevX After the Offer and the Merger; Effect on Senior
       Notes."

                                        iv

     - If you decide not to tender your shares in the Offer and the merger does
       not occur, and we purchase all the tendered shares, there may be so few
       remaining stockholders and publicly held shares that the shares will no
       longer be eligible to be traded through the Nasdaq National Market or
       other securities market, there may not be a public trading market for the
       shares and DevX may cease making filings with the Securities and Exchange
       Commission or otherwise cease being required to comply with Securities
       and Exchange Commission rules relating to publicly held companies. See
       "Section 13. Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for Shares,
       Nasdaq Listing, Margin Regulations and Exchange Act Registration."

     - Following the Offer, it is possible that the shares might no longer
       constitute "margin securities" for purposes of the margin regulations of
       the Federal Reserve Board, in which event the shares could no longer be
       used as collateral for loans made by brokers. See "Section 13. Possible
       Effects of the Offer on the Market of Shares, Nasdaq Listing, Margin
       Regulations and Exchange Act Registration."

WHAT IS A RECENT MARKET VALUE OF MY SHARES?

     - On October 19, 2001, the last full trading day before we announced the
       signing of the letter of intent relating to the Offer, the closing price
       per DevX share reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $5.20 per
       share. On November 12, 2001, the last full trading day before we
       announced the Offer, the closing price per DevX share reported on the
       Nasdaq National Market was $6.60 per share. See "Section 7. Certain
       Information Concerning DevX."

WITH WHOM MAY I SPEAK IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE OFFER?

     - You can call Innisfree M&A Incorporated, the Information Agent, at (888)
       750-5834. See the back cover of this Offer to Purchase.

                                        v

To the Holders of Common Stock of DevX Energy, Inc.:

                                  INTRODUCTION

     Comstock Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Holdings"), which, in turn, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock
Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Comstock"), hereby offers to purchase
all the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.234 per
share ("Shares"), of DevX Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("DevX"), for
$7.32 per Share (such amount, or any greater amount per Share paid pursuant to
the Offer (as defined below), the "Per Share Amount"), net to the seller in
cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions described
in this Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with this Offer to Purchase and any amendments or supplements hereto or
thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer"). See "Section 8. Certain
Information Concerning Comstock, Holdings and Purchaser" for additional
information concerning Comstock, Holdings and Purchaser.

     Tendering stockholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or
commissions or, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of
Transmittal, stock transfer taxes with respect to the purchase of Shares by
Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. However, any tendering stockholder or other
payee who fails to complete and sign the Substitute Form W-9 that is included in
the Letter of Transmittal may be subject to a required backup U.S. federal
income tax withholding of 30.5% (or, if the Expiration Date (as defined below)
occurs after December 31, 2001, 30%) of the gross proceeds payable to such
stockholder or other payee pursuant to the Offer. See "Section 5. Certain
Federal Income Tax Consequences." Purchaser, Holdings or Comstock will pay all
charges and expenses of American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the
"Depositary") and Innisfree M&A Incorporated (the "Information Agent") incurred
in connection with the Offer. See "Section 16. Fees and Expenses."

     The Board of Directors of DevX (the "Board") has determined that the Merger
Agreement (as defined below) and the transactions contemplated thereby,
including the Offer and the Merger (as defined below), are fair to, and in the
best interest of, the holders of Shares, has approved, adopted and declared
advisable the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby,
including the Offer and the Merger, and has resolved to recommend that the
holders of Shares accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the
Offer. Patrick J. Keeley abstained from voting with respect to these matters.

     Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co., Inc. ("FBR") has delivered to the Board
its written opinion dated November 7, 2001 to the effect that, as of the date of
the opinion, based upon and subject to various considerations and assumptions
described in such opinion, the terms of the Offer and Merger are fair to the
stockholders of DevX from a financial point of view. A copy of the written
opinion of FBR is contained in DevX's Solicitation/ Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9 (the "Schedule 14D-9"), which has been filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") in connection with the Offer and
which is being mailed to DevX's stockholders with this Offer to Purchase. DevX's
stockholders are urged to read such opinion carefully in its entirety for a
description of the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations of the
review undertaken by FBR. FBR is also providing services to Comstock in
connection with the financing of a portion of the consideration for the Offer
and the Merger and a potential acquisition from third parties of oil and gas
properties in which DevX also owns an interest. The fees payable by Comstock and
DevX to FBR and its affiliates in connection with these matters are described
below in "Section 9. Financing of the Offer and the Merger."

     The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there having been
validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer at least
50% of the number of then outstanding Shares (including all Shares issuable upon
the exercise of Outstanding Options or Outstanding Warrants (as each such term
is defined below), each as of the business day preceding the Initial Expiration
Date (as defined below)), plus one Share (the "Minimum Condition"). The Offer is
also subject to certain other conditions contained in this Offer to Purchase.
See "Section 1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date" and "Section 14. Certain
Conditions of the Offer," which set forth in full the conditions to the Offer.

     The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated
as of November 12, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement") among Comstock, Holdings,
Purchaser and DevX. The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that as
promptly as practicable after the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer and
the satisfaction or, if permissible, waiver, of the other conditions described
in the Merger Agreement, and in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law"), Purchaser
will be merged into DevX (the "Merger"). As a result of the Merger, DevX, which
will continue as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation"), will
become a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings. At the effective time of the
Merger (the "Effective Time"), each Share issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than Shares held in the treasury of DevX,
owned by Purchaser, Holdings, Comstock or DevX or owned by stockholders who have
demanded and perfected appraisal rights under Delaware Law) will be canceled and
converted automatically into the right to receive the Per Share Amount in cash,
without interest (the "Merger Consideration"). Stockholders who demand and fully
perfect appraisal rights under Delaware Law will be entitled to receive, in
connection with the Merger, cash for the fair value of their Shares as
determined pursuant to the procedures prescribed by Delaware Law. See "Section
11. Purpose of the Offer; Plans for DevX After the Offer and the Merger; Effect
on Senior Notes." The Merger Agreement is more fully described in "Section 10.
Background of the Offer; the Merger Agreement and Related Agreements." Certain
federal income tax consequences of the sale of Shares pursuant to the Offer and
the Merger are described in "Section 5. Certain Federal Income Tax
Consequences."

     The Merger Agreement provides that, promptly upon the purchase by Purchaser
of 50% of the outstanding Shares plus one Share (including Shares purchased
pursuant to the Offer), Purchaser will be entitled to designate up to such
number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Board as will
give Purchaser representation on the Board equal to the product of the total
number of directors on the Board (giving effect to the directors elected
pursuant to the provision described in this paragraph) multiplied by the
percentage that the aggregate number of Shares then beneficially owned by
Purchaser or any affiliate of Purchaser following such purchase bears to the
total number of Shares then outstanding. In the Merger Agreement, DevX has
agreed, at such time, to promptly take all actions necessary to cause
Purchaser's designees to be elected as directors of DevX, including increasing
the size of the Board or securing the resignations of incumbent directors, or
both.

     The obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including the consummation of the
Offer, and, if necessary, the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and
the Merger by the requisite vote of the stockholders of DevX. For a more
detailed description of the conditions to the Merger, see "Section 10.
Background of the Offer; the Merger Agreement and Related Agreements." Under
Delaware Law, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding Shares is required to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the
Merger. Consequently, if Purchaser acquires (pursuant to the Offer or otherwise)
at least a majority of the outstanding Shares, then Purchaser will have
sufficient voting power to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the Merger
without the vote of any other stockholder. See "Section 10. Background of the
Offer; the Merger Agreement and Related Agreements" and "Section 11. Purpose of
the Offer; Plans for DevX After the Offer and the Merger; Effect on Senior
Notes."

     Under Delaware Law, if Purchaser acquires, pursuant to the Offer or
otherwise, at least 90% of the then outstanding Shares, Purchaser will be able
to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the Merger without a vote of the
stockholders of DevX. In such event, Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser and DevX have
agreed to take, at the request of Purchaser, all necessary and appropriate
action to cause the Merger to become effective in accordance with Delaware Law
as promptly as reasonably practicable after such acquisition, without a meeting
of the stockholders of DevX. If, however, Purchaser does not acquire at least
90% of the then outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise and a vote
of the stockholders of DevX is required under Delaware Law, a significantly
longer period of time will be required to effect the Merger. See "Section 11.
Purpose of the Offer; Plans for DevX After the Offer and the Merger; Effect on
Senior Notes."

     DevX has advised Purchaser that, as of November 12, 2001, 12,649,522 Shares
were issued and outstanding, 522,500 Shares were reserved for issuance pursuant
to outstanding stock options or stock

incentive rights, 265,000 Shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to
outstanding warrants, 100,000 Shares were held in the treasury of DevX and no
Shares were held by any subsidiary of DevX. Assuming that 12,649,522 Shares are
outstanding on the scheduled Expiration Date and there are no Outstanding
Options or Outstanding Warrants on such date, Purchaser could cause the Merger
to become effective in accordance with Delaware Law, pursuant to a vote but
without a meeting of DevX's stockholders, if Purchaser owns 6,324,762 Shares on
such date.

     The Offer is not being made for (nor will tenders be accepted of) any of
the holders of the DevX 12 1/2% senior notes due 2008 (the "Senior Notes"). See
"Section 11. Purpose of the Offer; Plans for DevX After the Offer and the
Merger; Effect on Senior Notes."

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture dated as of July 1,
1998, as amended (the "Indenture"), among DevX (formerly known as Queen Sand
Resources, Inc.), DevX's subsidiaries and Harris Trust and Savings Bank, as
Trustee, upon the consummation of the Offer, the holders of the Senior Notes
will have the right to require DevX to repurchase all or any portion of their
Senior Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof
plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. See "Section 11.
Purpose of the Offer; Plans for DevX After the Offer and the Merger; Effect on
Senior Notes."

     Purchaser may offer a subsequent offering period in connection with the
Offer. If Purchaser elects to provide a subsequent offering period, it will make
a public announcement thereof on the next business day after the previously
scheduled Expiration Date.

     No appraisal rights are available in connection with the Offer. However,
stockholders of DevX may have appraisal rights in connection with the Merger
regardless of whether the Merger is consummated with or without a vote of DevX's
stockholders. See "Section 11. Purpose of the Offer; Plans for DevX After the
Offer and the Merger; Effect on Senior Notes."

     This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal contain
important information that should be read carefully before any decision is made
with respect to the Offer.

1.  TERMS OF THE OFFER; EXPIRATION DATE.

     Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if
the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of such extension or
amendment), Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly
tendered (and not withdrawn in accordance with the procedures described in
"Section 4. Withdrawal Rights") on or prior to the Expiration Date. "Expiration
Date" means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Thursday, December 13, 2001,
unless and until Purchaser (subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement) will have extended the period during which the Offer is open, in
which case Expiration Date will mean the latest time and date at which the
Offer, as may be extended by Purchaser, will expire.

     The Offer is subject to the conditions described under "Section 14. Certain
Conditions of the Offer," including the satisfaction of the Minimum Condition.
Subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and subject to
the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser expressly reserves
the right to waive any such condition, in whole or in part, in its sole
discretion. Subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission
and subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser also
expressly reserves the right to increase the Per Share Amount and to make any
other changes in the terms and conditions of the Offer. Purchaser may not,
however, without the prior consent of DevX, decrease the Per Share Amount,
change the form of consideration payable, reduce the number of Shares to be
purchased in the Offer or impose or modify (other than to waive) conditions to
the Offer in addition to those set forth in "Section 14. Certain Conditions of
the Offer." Subject to the terms of the Offer and the Merger Agreement and the
satisfaction or waiver of the Minimum Condition as of the scheduled Expiration
Date, which will initially be 20 business days following the commencement of the
Offer (the "Initial Expiration Date"), and the other conditions set forth in
"Section 14. Certain Conditions of the Offer," Purchaser will

accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn
pursuant to the Offer as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date.

     The Merger Agreement provides that Purchaser is entitled to extend the
Offer from time to time without the consent of DevX until no later than January
11, 2002 if, at the Initial Expiration Date, the Minimum Condition is not
satisfied or until no later than December 31, 2001 if, at the Initial Expiration
Date, the Minimum Condition is satisfied but any other condition to the Offer is
not satisfied or waived. Purchaser agreed in the Merger Agreement to extend the
Offer from time to time until not later than December 31, 2001 if, at the then
scheduled Expiration Date, the Minimum Condition has not been satisfied or
waived as permitted by the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement also provides
that any extension of the Offer pursuant to the Merger Agreement will not,
without the written consent of DevX, exceed the number of days that Purchaser
reasonably believes will be necessary so that the Minimum Condition will be
satisfied. Purchaser may also, without the consent of DevX, extend any then
scheduled Expiration Date for any period required by applicable rules,
regulations, interpretations or positions of the Commission or the staff thereof
applicable to the Offer or required by applicable law. The Merger Agreement
further provides that, if the Initial Expiration Date occurred, but fewer than
90% of the Shares have been validly tendered and not withdrawn as of the Initial
Expiration Date, Purchaser may provide for a subsequent offering period (as
contemplated by Rule 14d-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act")) as long as providing for the subsequent offering
period does not require the extension of the initial offer period under
applicable rules and regulation of the Commission, which subsequent offering
period will not exceed 20 business days. In addition, the Per Share Amount may
be increased and the Offer may be extended to the extent required by law in
connection with such increase, in each case without the consent of DevX. Upon
any extension of the Offer, all Shares previously tendered and not withdrawn
will remain subject to the Offer and subject to the right of a tendering
stockholder to withdraw such stockholder's Shares. See "Section 4. Withdrawal
Rights." Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price for
tendered Shares, whether or not the Offer is extended.

     On or prior to the dates that Purchaser becomes obligated to accept for
payment and pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer, Comstock will provide or cause
to be provided to Purchaser the funds necessary to pay for all Shares that
Purchaser becomes so obligated to accept for payment and pay for pursuant to the
Offer. Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to the applicable rules of the
Commission and the terms and conditions of the Offer, Purchaser also expressly
reserves the right (i) to delay payment for Shares in order to comply in whole
or in part with applicable laws (any such delay will be effected in compliance
with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, which requires Purchaser to pay the
consideration offered or to return Shares deposited by or on behalf of
stockholders promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer), (ii) to
extend or terminate the Offer and not to accept for payment or pay for any
Shares not theretofore accepted for payment or paid for, upon the occurrence of
any of the conditions to the Offer specified in "Section 14. Certain Conditions
of the Offer," and (iii) to amend the Offer or to waive any conditions to the
Offer in any respect consistent with the provisions of the Merger Agreement
described above, in each case by giving oral or written notice of such delay,
termination, waiver or amendment to the Depositary and by making public
announcement thereof.

     Any such extension, delay, termination, waiver or amendment will be
followed as promptly as practicable by public announcement thereof. In the case
of an extension, the announcement will be made no later than 9:00 a.m., New York
City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration
Date. Subject to applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(d)(i), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1
under the Exchange Act, which require that material changes be promptly
disseminated to stockholders in a manner reasonably designed to inform them of
such changes) and without limiting the manner in which Purchaser may choose to
make any public announcement, Purchaser will have no obligation to publish,
advertise or otherwise communicate any such public announcement other than by
issuing a press release to the Dow Jones News Service or the Public Relations
Newswire.

     If Purchaser makes a material change to the terms of the Offer or the
information concerning the Offer, or if Purchaser waives a material condition of
the Offer, Purchaser will extend the Offer and disseminate additional tender
offer materials to the extent required by Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act.
Subject to the

terms of the Merger Agreement, if, prior to the Expiration Date, Purchaser
should decide to increase the consideration being offered in the Offer, such
increase in the consideration being offered will be applicable to all
stockholders whose Shares are accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer and, if
at the time notice of any such increase in the consideration being offered is
first published, sent or given to holders of such Shares, the Offer is scheduled
to expire at any time earlier than the period ending on the tenth business day
from and including the date that such notice is first so published, sent or
given, the Offer will be extended at least until the expiration of such
10-business day period. For purposes of the Offer, a "business day" means any
day on which the principal offices of the Commission in Washington, D.C. are
open to accept filings, or, in the case of determining a date when any payment
is due, any day on which banks are not required or authorized to close in The
City of New York, and consists of the period from 12:01 a.m. through 12:00
midnight, New York City time.

     Purchaser may offer a subsequent offering period in connection with the
Offer. If Purchaser does provide for such subsequent offering period, subject to
the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, Purchaser may elect to
extend its offer to purchase Shares beyond the Expiration Date for a subsequent
offering period of three business days to 20 business days (the "Subsequent
Offering Period"), if, among other things, upon the Expiration Date (i) all of
the conditions to Purchaser's obligations to accept for payment, and to pay for,
the Shares are satisfied or waived and (ii) Purchaser immediately accepts for
payment, and promptly pays for, all Shares validly tendered (and not withdrawn
in accordance with the procedures set forth in "Section 4. Withdrawal Rights")
prior to the Expiration Date. Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offering
Period may not be withdrawn. See "Section 4. Withdrawal Rights." Purchaser will
immediately accept for payment, and promptly pay for, all validly tendered
Shares as they are received during the Subsequent Offering Period. Any election
by the Purchaser to include a Subsequent Offering Period may be effected by
Purchaser giving oral or written notice of the Subsequent Offering Period to the
Depositary. If Purchaser decides to include a Subsequent Offering Period, it
will make an announcement to that effect by issuing a press release to the Dow
Jones New Services or the Public Relations Newswire on the next business day
after the previously scheduled Expiration Date.

     DevX has provided Purchaser with DevX's stockholder list and security
position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to the holders of
Shares. This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal will be
mailed by Purchaser to record holders of Shares whose names appear on DevX's
stockholder list and will be furnished, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial
owners of Shares, to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and
similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the
stockholder list or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing
agency's security position listings.

2.  ACCEPTANCE FOR PAYMENT AND PAYMENT FOR SHARES.

     Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if
the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of the Offer as so
extended or amended), Purchaser will accept for payment promptly after the
Expiration Date all Shares validly tendered (and not properly withdrawn in
accordance with "Section 4. Withdrawal Rights") prior to the Expiration Date.
Purchaser will pay for all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn promptly
following the acceptance of Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer. Subject to
applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and the terms of the Merger
Agreement, Purchaser reserves the right to delay acceptance of or payment for
Shares in order to comply in whole or in part with applicable laws. See "Section
1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date" and "Section 15. Certain Legal Matters
and Regulatory Approvals."

     In all cases (including during any Subsequent Offering Period), Purchaser
will pay for Shares tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer only
after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) the certificates evidencing such
Shares (the "Share Certificates") or timely confirmation (a "Book-Entry
Confirmation") of a book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's
account at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility")
pursuant to the procedures described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the
Offer and Tendering Shares," (ii) the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed
and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, in the case of a
book-entry transfer, or an Agent's

Message (as defined below), and (iii) any other documents required under the
Letter of Transmittal. The term "Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted
by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and
forming a part of the Book-Entry Confirmation that states that the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the Shares that are the subject of
such Book-Entry Confirmation, that the participant has received and agrees to be
bound by the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce such agreement
against such participant.

     For purposes of the Offer (including during any Subsequent Offering
Period), Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment (and thereby
purchased) Shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn as, if and when
Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of Purchaser's
acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant to the Offer. Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares purchased pursuant to
the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the
Depositary, which will act as agent for tendering stockholders whose Shares have
been accepted for payment for the purpose of receiving payments from Purchaser
and transmitting such payments to validly tendering stockholders. Under no
circumstances will Purchaser pay interest on the purchase price for Shares,
regardless of any delay in making such payment.

     If Purchaser does not purchase any Shares pursuant to the Offer, or if
Share Certificates are submitted evidencing more Shares than are tendered, Share
Certificates evidencing unpurchased Shares will be returned, without expense to
the tendering stockholder (or, in the case of Shares tendered by book-entry
transfer into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
pursuant to the procedure described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the
Offer and Tendering Shares," such Shares will be credited to an account
maintained at such Book-Entry Transfer Facility), as promptly as practicable
following the expiration or termination of the Offer.

     Purchaser reserves the right to transfer or assign, in whole or from time
to time in part, to one or more of its affiliates, the right to purchase all or
any portion of the Shares tendered in the Offer, but any such transfer or
assignment will not relieve Purchaser of its obligations under the Offer and
will in no way prejudice the rights of tendering stockholders to receive payment
for Shares validly tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer.

3.  PROCEDURES FOR ACCEPTING THE OFFER AND TENDERING SHARES.

     Valid Tender of Securities.  In order for a holder of Shares to validly
tender Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Depositary must receive the Letter of
Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, together with any required
signature guarantees or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's
Message, and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, at its
address set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. In addition,
either (i) the Share Certificates evidencing tendered Shares must be received by
the Depositary at such address or such Shares must be tendered pursuant to the
procedure for book-entry transfer described below and the Depositary must
receive a Book-Entry Confirmation (including an Agent's Message), in each case
prior to the Expiration Date or the expiration of the Subsequent Offering
Period, if any, or (ii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the
guaranteed delivery procedures described below.

     The method of delivery of Share Certificates and all other required
documents, including delivery through the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, is at
the option and risk of the tendering stockholder, and the delivery will be
deemed made only when actually received by the Depositary. If delivery is by
mail, registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured, is
recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely
delivery.

     Book-Entry Transfer.  The Depositary will establish accounts with respect
to Shares at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility for purposes of the Offer within
two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any financial
institution that is a participant in the system of the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility may make a book-entry delivery of Shares by causing the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to transfer such Shares into the Depositary's account at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility's procedures for such transfer. However, although delivery of Shares
may be effected through book-

entry transfer at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, an Agent's Message, and any
other required documents, must, in any case, be received by the Depositary at
its address set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the
Expiration Date or the expiration of the Subsequent Offering Period, if any, or
the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedure
described below. Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility does
not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

     Signature Guarantees.  Signatures on all Letters of Transmittal must be
guaranteed by a firm that is a member of the Security Transfer Agent Medallion
Signature Program, or by any other "eligible guarantor institution," as such
term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act (each of the foregoing
being referred to as an "Eligible Institution"), except in cases where Shares
are tendered (i) by a registered holder of Shares who has not completed either
the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" or the box entitled "Special
Delivery Instructions" on the Letter of Transmittal or (ii) for the account of
an Eligible Institution. If a Share Certificate is registered in the name of a
person other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to
be made, or a Share Certificate not accepted for payment or not tendered is to
be returned, to a person other than the registered holder(s), then the Share
Certificate must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in
either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear on
the Share Certificate, with the signature(s) on such Share Certificate or stock
powers guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 of the
Letter of Transmittal.

     Guaranteed Delivery.  If a stockholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to
the Offer and such stockholder's Share Certificates evidencing such Shares are
not immediately available or such stockholder cannot deliver the Share
Certificates and all other required documents to the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date, or such stockholder cannot complete the procedure for delivery
by book-entry transfer on a timely basis, such Shares may nevertheless be
tendered, provided that all the following conditions are satisfied:

          (i) such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution;

          (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed
     Delivery, substantially in the form made available by Purchaser, is
     received prior to the Expiration Date by the Depositary as provided below;
     and

          (iii) the Share Certificates (or a Book-Entry Confirmation) evidencing
     all tendered Shares, in proper form for transfer, in each case together
     with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile), properly completed and
     duly executed, with any required signature guarantees or, in the case of a
     book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message, and any other documents required
     by the Letter of Transmittal are received by the Depositary within three
     Nasdaq National Market ("Nasdaq") trading days after the date of execution
     of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

     The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or mail or by
facsimile transmission to the Depositary and must include a guarantee by an
Eligible Institution in the form set forth in the form of Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery made available by Purchaser.

     In all cases (including any Subsequent Offering Period), payment for Shares
tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after
timely receipt by the Depositary of the Share Certificates evidencing such
Shares, or a Book-Entry Confirmation of the delivery of such Shares, and the
Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly
executed, with any required signature guarantees or, in the case of a book-entry
transfer, an Agent's Message, and any other documents required by the Letter of
Transmittal.

     Determination of Validity.  All questions as to the form of documents and
the validity, form, eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance for
payment of any tender of Shares will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole
discretion, which determination will be final and binding on all parties.
Purchaser reserves the absolute right to reject any and all tenders determined
by it not to be in proper form or the acceptance for payment of which may, in
the opinion of its counsel, be unlawful. Purchaser also reserves the absolute
right to waive any condition of the Offer to the extent permitted by applicable
law and the Merger Agreement or any defect or irregularity in the tender of any
Shares of any particular stockholder, whether or not similar defects or
irregularities are waived in the case of other stockholders. No tender of Shares
will be

deemed to have been validly made until all defects and irregularities have been
cured or waived. None of Purchaser, Holdings, Comstock or any of their
respective affiliates or assigns, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any
other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or
irregularities in tenders or incur any liability for failure to give any such
notification. Purchaser's interpretation of the terms and conditions of the
Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and the instructions thereto) will be
final and binding.

     A tender of Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described above will
constitute the tendering stockholder's acceptance of the terms and conditions of
the Offer, as well as the tendering stockholder's representation and warranty to
Purchaser that (i) such stockholder has the full power and authority to tender,
sell, assign and transfer the tendered Shares (and any and all other Shares or
other securities issued or issuable in respect of such Shares), and (ii) when
the same are accepted for payment by Purchaser, Purchaser will acquire good and
unencumbered title thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, charges
and encumbrances and not subject to any adverse claims.

     The acceptance for payment by Purchaser of Shares pursuant to any of the
procedures described above will constitute a binding agreement between the
tendering stockholder and Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Offer.

     Appointment as Proxy.  By executing the Letter of Transmittal, or through
delivery of an Agent's Message, as described above, a tendering stockholder
irrevocably appoints designees of Purchaser as such stockholder's agents,
attorneys-in-fact and proxies, each with full power of substitution, in the
manner set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, to the full extent of such
stockholder's rights with respect to the Shares tendered by such stockholder and
accepted for payment by Purchaser (and with respect to any and all other Shares
or other securities issued or issuable in respect of such Shares on or after
November 12, 2001). All such powers of attorney and proxies will be considered
irrevocable and coupled with an interest in the tendered Shares. Such
appointment will be effective when, and only to the extent that, Purchaser
accepts such Shares for payment. Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior
powers of attorney and proxies given by such stockholder with respect to such
Shares (and such other Shares and securities) will be revoked, without further
action, and no subsequent powers of attorney or proxies may be given nor any
subsequent written consent executed by such stockholder (and, if given or
executed, will not be deemed to be effective) with respect thereto. Purchaser
designees will, with respect to the Shares for which the appointment is
effective, be empowered to exercise all voting and other rights of such
stockholder as they in their sole discretion may deem proper at any annual or
special meeting of the holders of Shares or any adjournment or postponement, by
written consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise. Purchaser reserves the
right to require that, in order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered,
immediately upon Purchaser's payment for such Shares, Purchaser must be able to
exercise full voting rights with respect to such Shares (and such other Shares
and securities).

     Under the "backup withholding" provisions of U.S. federal income tax law,
the Depositary may be required to withhold 30.5% (or, if the Expiration Date
occurs after December 31, 2001, 30%) of any payments of cash pursuant to the
Offer. To prevent backup federal income tax withholding with respect to payment
to certain stockholders of the purchase price of Shares purchased pursuant to
the Offer, each such stockholder must provide the Depositary with such
stockholder's correct taxpayer identification number and certify that such
stockholder is not subject to backup federal income tax withholding by
completing the Substitute Form W-9 in the Letter of Transmittal. See Instruction
9 of the Letter of Transmittal.

4.  WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS.

     Tenders of Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable, except that
such Shares may be withdrawn at any time prior to the Expiration Date. If
Purchaser extends the Offer, is delayed in its acceptance for payment of Shares
or is unable to accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer for any reason,
then, without prejudice to Purchaser's rights under the Offer, the Depositary
may, nevertheless, on Purchaser's behalf, retain tendered Shares, and such
Shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent that tendering stockholders are
entitled to withdrawal rights as described in this "Section 4. Withdrawal
Rights," subject to Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act. Any such delay will be
by an extension of the Offer to the extent

required by law. If Purchaser decides to include a Subsequent Offering Period,
Shares tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period may not be withdrawn. See
"Section 1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date."

     For a withdrawal of Shares to be effective, a written or facsimile
transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at
its address set forth on the back cover page of this Offer to Purchase. Any such
notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares
to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the
registered holder of such Shares, if different from that of the person who
tendered such Shares. If Share Certificates evidencing Shares to be withdrawn
have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to
the physical release of such Share Certificates, the serial numbers shown on
such Share Certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and the signature(s)
on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution,
unless such Shares have been tendered for the account of an Eligible
Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedure for
book-entry transfer as described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the
Offer and Tendering Shares," any notice of withdrawal must specify the name and
number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with
the withdrawn Shares.

     All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of
any notice of withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole
discretion, which determination will be final and binding. None of Purchaser,
Holdings, Comstock or any of their respective affiliates or assigns, the
Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to
give any notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of
withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification.

     Withdrawals of Shares may not be rescinded. Any Shares properly withdrawn
will thereafter be deemed not to have been validly tendered for purposes of the
Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be re-tendered at any time prior to the
Expiration Date (or during the Subsequent Offering Period, if any) by following
one of the procedures described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the
Offer and Tendering Shares."

5.  CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES.

     The following is a summary of the principal federal income tax consequences
of the Offer and the Merger to holders whose Shares are purchased pursuant to
the Offer or whose Shares are converted into the right to receive cash in the
Merger (whether upon receipt of the Merger Consideration or pursuant to the
proper exercise of dissenter's rights). The discussion applies only to holders
of Shares in whose hands Shares are capital assets, and may not apply to Shares
received pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as
compensation, or to holders of Shares who are not citizens or residents of the
United States of America.

     The tax discussion set forth below is included for general information
purposes only and is based upon present law (which may be subject to change,
possibly on a retroactive basis). Because individual circumstances may differ,
each holder of Shares should consult such holder's own tax advisor to determine
the applicability of the rules discussed to such holder and the particular tax
effects of the Offer and the Merger, including the application and effect of
state, local and other tax laws.

     The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer and the receipt of cash pursuant
to the Merger (whether as Merger Consideration or pursuant to the proper
exercise of dissenter's rights) will be a taxable transaction for federal income
tax purposes (and also may be a taxable transaction under applicable state,
local and other income tax laws). In general, for federal income tax purposes, a
holder of Shares will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between
such holder's adjusted tax basis in the Shares sold pursuant to the Offer or
converted to cash in the Merger and the amount of cash received. Gain or loss
must be determined separately for each block of Shares (i.e., Shares acquired at
the same cost in a single transaction) sold pursuant to the Offer or converted
to cash in the Merger. Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss.
Individual holders will be subject to tax on the net amount of such gain at a
maximum rate of 20% if the Shares were held for more than 12 months. Special
rules (and generally lower maximum rates) apply to individuals in lower tax
brackets. The deduction of capital losses is subject to certain limitations.
Stockholders should consult their own tax advisors in this regard.

     Payments in connection with the Offer or the Merger may be subject to
backup withholding at a 30.5% (or, if the Expiration Date occurs after December
31, 2001, 30%) rate. Backup withholding generally applies if a stockholder (i)
fails to furnish such stockholder's social security number or taxpayer
identification number ("TIN"), (ii) furnishes an incorrect TIN, (iii) fails
properly to report interest or dividends or (iv) under certain circumstances,
fails to provide a certified statement, signed under penalties of perjury, that
the TIN provided is such stockholder's correct number and that such stockholder
is not subject to backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional
tax but merely an advance payment, which may be refunded to the extent it
results in an overpayment of tax. Certain persons, including corporations and
financial institutions generally, are exempt from backup withholding. Certain
penalties apply for failure to furnish correct information and for failure to
include the reportable payments in income. Each stockholder should consult with
such stockholder's own tax advisor as to such stockholder's qualifications for
exemption from withholding and the procedure for obtaining such exemption.

6.  PRICE RANGE OF SHARES; DIVIDENDS.

     The Shares have been listed and principally traded on Nasdaq under the
symbol "DVXE" since October 26, 2000. From November 11, 1999 to October 25,
2000, the Shares were quoted on the Nasdaq OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol
"QSRI." From May 1997 to November 10, 1999, the Shares were quoted on the Nasdaq
Small Cap Market under the symbol "QSRI." The following table sets forth, for
the quarters indicated, the high and low sales prices per Share as listed on
Nasdaq, as quoted on the Nasdaq OTC Bulletin Board or as reported on Nasdaq
Small Cap Market. The prices for periods prior to October 26, 2000 have been
adjusted to give effect to the 156-to-1 reverse stock split of the Shares. No
dividends have been declared or paid on the Shares during the quarters
indicated.

                                                               HIGH       LOW
                                                              -------   -------

Fiscal 1999
  First Quarter.............................................  $643.50   $175.50
  Second Quarter............................................  $229.16   $146.17
  Third Quarter.............................................  $146.33   $ 43.84
  Fourth Quarter............................................  $ 92.66   $ 43.84
Fiscal 2000
  First Quarter.............................................  $ 82.68   $ 43.84
  Second Quarter............................................  $ 63.38   $ 14.63
  Third Quarter.............................................  $ 46.32   $  7.32
  Fourth Quarter............................................  $  8.38   $  7.32
Fiscal 2001
  First Quarter.............................................  $  8.64   $  7.00
  Second Quarter............................................  $  9.02   $  6.55
  Third Quarter.............................................  $  7.05   $  4.50
  Fourth Quarter (through November 14, 2001)................  $  7.27      4.91

     On October 19, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the announcement of
signing of the letter of intent relating to the Offer, the closing price per
Share as reported on Nasdaq was $5.20. On November 12, 2001, the last full
trading day prior to the announcement of the execution of the Merger Agreement
and of Purchaser's intention to commence the Offer, the closing price per Share
as reported on Nasdaq was $6.60. On November 14, 2001, the last full trading day
prior to the commencement of the Offer, the closing price per Share as reported
on Nasdaq was $7.24. As of November 12, 2001, the approximate number of holders
of record of Shares was 932.

     Stockholders are urged to obtain a current market quotation for the Shares.

7.  CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING DEVX.

     Except as otherwise described in this Offer to Purchase, all of the
information concerning DevX contained in this Offer to Purchase, including
financial information, has been furnished by DevX or has been taken from or
based upon publicly available information. None of Comstock, Holdings or
Purchaser assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of this
information or for any failure by DevX to disclose events that may have occurred
or may affect the significance or accuracy of any such information but that are
unknown to Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser.

     General.  DevX is a Delaware corporation with its principal executive
offices located at 13760 Noel Road, Suite 1030, Dallas, Texas 75240-7336. DevX's
telephone number is (972) 233-9906.

     DevX is an independent energy company engaged in the exploration,
exploitation, development and acquisition of oil and natural gas properties in
conventional producing areas of North America.

     Available Information.  DevX is subject to the informational filing
requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is required to
file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the
Commission relating to its business, financial condition and other matters.
Information as of particular dates concerning DevX's directors and officers,
their remuneration, stock options granted to them, the principal holders of
DevX's securities and any material interest of such persons in transactions with
DevX is required to be disclosed in proxy statements distributed to DevX's
stockholders and filed with the Commission. Such reports, proxy statements and
other information should be available for inspection at the public reference
facilities maintained by the Commission at Judiciary Plaza, 450 Fifth Street,
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, and also should be available for inspection at the
Commission's public reference rooms in Chicago, Illinois and New York, New York.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information concerning the
public reference rooms. Copies of such materials may also be obtained by mail,
upon payment of the Commission's customary fees, by writing to its principal
office at Judiciary Plaza, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. The
Commission also maintains a World Wide Website on the Internet at
http://www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding issuers
that file electronically with the Commission.

8.  CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING COMSTOCK, HOLDINGS AND PURCHASER.

     General.  Each of Holdings and Purchaser is a newly formed Delaware
corporation organized for the purpose of effecting the Offer and the Merger and
neither has carried on any activities other than in connection with the Offer
and the Merger. The principal offices of Holdings and Purchaser are located at
5300 Town and Country Blvd., Suite 500, Frisco, Texas 75034 and their telephone
number is (972) 668-8800. Purchaser is a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings and
Holdings is a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock.

     Until immediately prior to the time that Purchaser will purchase Shares
pursuant to the Offer, it is not anticipated that either Holdings or Purchaser
will have any significant assets or liabilities or engage in activities other
than those incident to its formation and capitalization and the transactions
contemplated by the Offer and the Merger. Because each of Holdings and Purchaser
is newly formed and has minimal assets and capitalization, no meaningful
financial information regarding Holdings or Purchaser is available.

     Comstock is a Nevada corporation, with its principal offices located at
5300 Town and Country Blvd., Suite 500, Frisco, Texas 75034. Comstock's
telephone number is (972) 668-8800. Comstock's principal business is the
acquisition, development, production and exploration of oil and natural gas
properties. The common stock of Comstock is listed for trading on The New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol "CRK."

     The name, citizenship, business address, business telephone number,
principal occupation or employment, and five-year employment history for each of
the directors and executive officers of Comstock, Holdings and Purchaser and
certain other information are described in Schedule I hereto. Except as
described in this Offer to Purchase and in Schedule I hereto, none of Comstock,
Holdings, Purchaser or, to their knowledge, any of the persons listed on
Schedule I hereto has during the last five years (i) been convicted in a
criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors) or
(ii) been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for
matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement) that

resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future
violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities
laws or finding any violation of such laws.

     Except as described in this Offer to Purchase, (i) none of Comstock,
Holdings or Purchaser, nor, to their knowledge, any of the persons listed in
Schedule I hereto or any associate or majority-owned subsidiary of Comstock,
Holdings or Purchaser or any of the persons so listed, beneficially owns or has
any right to acquire any Shares and (ii) none of Comstock, Holdings or
Purchaser, nor, to the their knowledge, any of the persons or entities referred
to above nor any director, executive officer or subsidiary of any of the
foregoing has effected any transaction in the Shares during the past 60 days.

     Except as described in this Offer to Purchase, no material agreement,
arrangement, understanding or relationship exists or is proposed between
Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser, or, to their knowledge, any of the persons listed
in Schedule I hereto or any controlling persons or subsidiaries of Comstock,
Holdings or Purchaser and DevX or any of its executive officers, directors,
controlling persons or subsidiaries.

     As of November 14, 2001, none of Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser, nor, to
their knowledge, any of the persons listed in Schedule I hereto owns any Shares.

     Except as provided in the Merger Agreement and as otherwise described in
this Offer to Purchase, none of Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser, nor, to their
knowledge, any of the persons listed in Schedule I hereto, has any contract,
agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not legally enforceable,
with any other person with respect to any securities of DevX, including, but not
limited to, the transfer or voting of such securities, joint ventures, loan or
option arrangements, puts or calls, guaranties of loans, guaranties against loss
guarantees of profits or loss or the giving or withholding of proxies, consents
or authorizations. Except as described in this Offer to Purchase, since November
15, 1999, none of Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser, nor, to their knowledge, any
of the persons listed on Schedule I hereto, has had any transaction with DevX or
any of its executive officers, directors or affiliates that is required to be
reported under the rules and regulations of the Commission applicable to the
Offer. Except as described in this Offer to Purchase, since November 15, 1999,
there have been no negotiations, transactions or material contacts between any
of Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser or any of their respective subsidiaries or,
to their knowledge, any of the persons listed in Schedule I hereto, on the one
hand, and DevX or its affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a merger,
consolidation or acquisition, tender offer for or other acquisition of any class
of DevX's securities, an election of DevX's directors or a sale or other
transfer of a material amount of assets of DevX.

9.  FINANCING OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER.

     The total amount of funds required by Purchaser to consummate the Offer and
the Merger and to pay related fees and expenses is estimated to be approximately
$94.0 million. Holdings will finance approximately $57.0 million of the Offer
and the Merger with borrowings under an acquisition loan (the "Acquisition
Loan") and Comstock will finance the remaining approximately $37.0 million of
the Offer and the Merger with an investment in Holdings with borrowings under a
new revolving bank credit facility (the "Comstock Credit Facility").
Alternatively, Comstock may finance the entire amount with borrowings under the
Comstock Credit Facility and not access the Acquisition Loan.

     Comstock has entered into a commitment letter for the Comstock Credit
Facility. In addition, Comstock has entered into a commitment letter for a
credit facility (the "DevX Credit Facility") for the Surviving Corporation (as
defined below), to be effective upon completion of the Merger. Proceeds from the
DevX Credit Facility would be used to repay a portion of the Acquisition Loan.
The Comstock Credit Facility and the DevX Credit Facility are collectively
referred to as the "Credit Facilities." Copies of the commitment letters have
been filed as Exhibits to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (the
"Schedule TO") filed by Purchaser, Holdings and Comstock with the Commission in
connection with the Offer. The commitment letters may be examined and copies may
be obtained at the places set forth in "Section 7. Certain Information
Concerning DevX."

     The Comstock Credit Facility will consist of a $350.0 million revolving
credit commitment and the DevX Credit Facility will consist of a $48.5 million
revolving credit commitment, each of which will provided by a

syndicate of banks for which TD Securities (USA), Inc. will serve as arranger
and Toronto Dominion (Texas), Inc. ("TDTX") will serve as administrative agent.

     Indebtedness under the Comstock Credit Facility will be secured by
substantially all of Comstock's and certain of its subsidiaries' assets and
indebtedness under the DevX Credit Facility will be secured by substantially all
of the Surviving Corporation's assets. Each of the Credit Facilities will be
subject to borrowing base availability, which will be redetermined semiannually
based on the banks' estimates of the future net cash flows of the borrowers' oil
and gas properties. The borrowing base may be affected by the performance of the
respective borrower's properties and changes in oil and gas prices. The
determination of the borrowing base will be at the sole discretion of the
administrative agent and the bank group. The revolving credit line under the
Comstock Credit Facility will bear interest, based on the utilization of the
borrowing base, at the option of Comstock at either (i) LIBOR plus 1.0% to 2.0%
or (ii) the base rate plus 0% to 1.0%. The revolving credit line under the DevX
Credit Facility will bear interest, based on the utilization of the borrowing
base, at the option of the Surviving Corporation at either (i) LIBOR plus 2.0%
to 2.25% or (ii) the base rate plus 1.0% to 1.25%. Each Credit Facility will
mature on the third anniversary of the closing thereof or such earlier date as
the borrower may elect. Each Credit Facility will contain covenants that, among
other things, restrict the payment of cash dividends, limit the amount of
consolidated debt and limit the borrower's ability to make certain loans and
investments. Financial covenants will include the maintenance of a current
ratio, maintenance of tangible net worth and maintenance of an interest coverage
ratio.

     Holdings has entered into a commitment letter for the Acquisition Loan, a
copy of which has been filed as an Exhibit to the Schedule TO. The commitment
letter may be examined and copies may be obtained at the places set forth in
"Section 11. Certain Information Concerning DevX."

     The purpose of the Acquisition Loan is to provide a portion of the funds
for the acquisition of the Shares. Pursuant to the commitment letter, the
Acquisition Loan will consist of a $57.0 million credit commitment provided by a
syndicate of lenders for which FBR will serve as an advisor and arranger and
TDTX will serve as administrative agent. Indebtedness under the Acquisition Loan
will be secured by Purchaser's ownership of Shares and a pledge of 3,000,000
shares of unregistered common stock of Comstock. The Acquisition Loan will
consist of advances aggregating $57.0 million. The Acquisition Loan will bear
interest at a rate equal to the greater of (i) the rate publicly announced from
time to time by TDTX as its prime rate or (ii) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50%
per annum, plus, in each case, (x) during days one through 14, 900 basis points,
(y) during days 15 through 30, 1,200 basis points, and (z) thereafter, 1,500
basis points. The Acquisition Loan will mature 90 days after closing and may be
prepaid at any time. Interest will be payable at maturity. The Acquisition Loan
will contain covenants that, among other things, restrict the payment of
dividends and distributions, limit the incurrence of debt and the issuance of
quasi-equity securities such as preferred stock, prohibit certain loans and
investments and restrict certain mergers or consolidations. Pursuant to the
commitment letter, financial covenants will include those usual and customary
for transaction of this nature.

     FBR, an advisor and arranger for the Acquisition Loan, is also DevX's
financial advisor in connection with the Offer and the Merger. At the closing of
the Acquisition Loan, FBR will receive $125,000 as an arrangement fee.

     In October 2001, Comstock engaged FBR to act as financial advisor to
Comstock in connection with a potential acquisition from third parties of oil
and gas properties in which DevX also owns an interest. In connection with such
engagement, Comstock has agreed to pay FBR a fee of $90,000. Comstock also
agreed to reimburse FBR for its out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with performing its services, including the fees and disbursements of legal
counsel, and to indemnify FBR and related parties against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under federal securities laws, arising out of FBR's
engagement.

     DevX retained FBR in August 1999 for an initial term of two years to act as
its financial advisor with respect to any purchase or sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of DevX or any similar stock purchase, merger,
acquisition, business combination, joint venture or other strategic transaction.
This term was subsequently extended to November 2002. The engagement letter
provides that FBR will assist DevX in identifying, evaluating and implementing
strategic alternatives including business combinations, capital raising and
self-tenders. Under the engagement, DevX has agreed to pay FBR (1) a transaction
fee of up to 2% of the

first $30 million of total consideration involved in the transaction, 1.5% of
amounts exceeding $30 million up to and including $50 million of total
consideration and 1% of amounts exceeding $50 million of total consideration
plus (2) FBR's out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with performing its
services, including the fees and disbursements of legal counsel and its
petroleum engineering consultants. Upon consummation of the Merger, the
transaction fee will be approximately $1,900,000. DevX also has agreed to
indemnify FBR and related parties against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising out of their engagement.
On November 10, 2000, Patrick J. Keeley, who serves as of FBR's managing
directors, became one of DevX's directors.

     Pursuant to the engagement letter with DevX, FBR has provided financial
advisory and investment banking services to DevX since August 1999 and has
received customary compensation for the rendering of such services. During the
year ended December 31, 2000, FBR assisted DevX to implement a recapitalization,
which was completed on October 31, 2001. In addition, FBR acted as the lead
underwriter for the offering of 11,500,000 Shares, which was closed in October
and November 2000. Simultaneously with the underwriting, FBR assisted DevX to
execute a tender to repurchase $75.0 million of original principal amount of
DevX's senior notes. During the year 2000, DevX paid FBR fees totaling
approximately $5.7 million plus expenses.

10.  BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER; THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED AGREEMENTS.

  BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER

     In January 2001, Patrick J. Keeley, one of DevX's directors and an officer
of FBR, contacted M. Jay Allison, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
Comstock, on behalf of DevX to determine whether Comstock might be interested in
pursuing merger discussions. On January 12, 2001, Mr. Keeley and Rehan Rashid of
FBR, Joseph T. Williams, Chairman of DevX, Mr. Allison, Roland O. Burns, the
Chief Financial Officer and a director of Comstock, and Michael W. Taylor, the
Vice President of Corporate Development of Comstock, met to discuss DevX's
recent restructuring and its current assets, reserves and production rate. On
January 15, 2001, DevX provided a set of publicly available information to
Comstock.

     On January 16, 2001, Comstock and DevX entered into a confidentiality
agreement. DevX provided Comstock with its reserve report, asset profile and
financial information on January 17, 2001.

     Over the following two weeks, several conversations were held between
representatives of Comstock and DevX relating to DevX's assets.

     On February 16, 2001, DevX provided Comstock with a reserve report,
together with lease operating statements and financial information.

     On March 8, 2001, representatives of DevX and Comstock met to discuss
assets and engineering data. On March 9, 2001, DevX provided Comstock with
information on DevX's employment costs, capital structure and working capital.
In the course of their review of the information provided by DevX,
representatives of Comstock held several telephone conversations with
representatives of DevX for the purpose of clarifying certain aspects of the
DevX information. On March 21, 2001, FBR provided Comstock with an analysis of
DevX. These initial discussions did not advance to any significant stage and
were abandoned at that time.

     On September 24, 2001, Mike Mitchell of FBR contacted Mr. Allison to
determine whether Comstock had any interest in discussing a transaction with
DevX. Mr. Mitchell followed up this call with a meeting with Messrs. Allison and
Burns. At the meeting, Mr. Allison indicated that Comstock might be interested
in reopening discussions with DevX.

     On October 4, 2001, Messrs. Mitchell, Allison, Burns and Taylor met at
Comstock's office to discuss a possible transaction between Comstock and DevX.

     On October 5, 2001, Mr. Taylor placed a telephone call to Ronald Idom,
Senior Vice President, Operations of DevX, to discuss the status of DevX's
reserves and assets. Mr. Idom provided additional data to Mr. Taylor on October
5, 2001, and, on October 8, 2001, Messrs. Idom and Taylor and various other
representatives of the two companies met at DevX's offices to discuss DevX's
reserve and asset information in greater detail.

     On October 10, 2001, Comstock sent a letter of intent to DevX in which
Comstock indicated that it was prepared to purchase all of the outstanding
shares of DevX for $7.10 per share. The October 10 letter was subject to a
number of conditions.

     Over the following ten days, discussions with the same principal
participants were held regarding unresolved elements of a transaction, including
the price per share, various closing conditions, termination fees and
restrictions on DevX's ability to continue or initiate merger discussions with
third parties.

     On October 19, 2001, several telephone conversations took place between
Messrs. Williams and Allison during which the parties agreed to terms of the
letter of intent. The letter of intent was executed on behalf of both parties
later that day. The terms of the letter of intent are similar in all material
respects to those described in this Offer to Purchase.

     Immediately upon signing the letter of intent, the parties instructed their
legal advisors to prepare a definitive agreement and the other documentation
required to effect the transaction. On the morning of October 22, 2001, Comstock
and DevX each issued a press release announcing that they had signed a non-
binding letter of intent relating to the acquisition of DevX by Comstock.

     During the period from October 22 to November 8, Comstock through its
representatives conducted its due diligence investigation. Also during this
period, representatives of the parties conducted negotiations with respect to
finalizing the definitive agreement.

     During this same period, FBR, DevX's financial advisor in connection with
the Offer and the Merger, and Comstock engaged in discussions regarding FBR's
possible assistance in facilitating financing a portion of the consideration for
the Offer and the Merger. As a result of these discussions, Holdings entered
into a commitment letter with FBR for the Acquisition Loan on the terms
described in "Section 9. Financing of the Offer and the Merger." In addition,
FBR is providing services to Comstock in connection with a potential acquisition
from third parties of oil and gas properties in which DevX also owns an
interest. The fees payable by Comstock and DevX to FBR in connection with these
matters are described above in "Section 9. Financing of the Offer and the
Merger."

     The Comstock Board met on November 12, 2001 and unanimously approved the
definitive merger agreement and the other related transaction documents.

     On November 12, 2001, the merger agreement was executed and delivered by
representatives of all of the parties. Prior to the opening of trading on
November 13, 2001, Comstock and DevX each issued press releases announcing the
execution of the definitive agreement.

  THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Merger Agreement.
This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement,
which is incorporated herein by reference, and a copy of which has been filed as
an Exhibit to Schedule TO. The Merger Agreement may be examined and copies may
be obtained at the places set forth in "Section 7. Certain Information
Concerning DevX."

     The Offer.  The Merger Agreement provides for the commencement of the Offer
as promptly as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than seven business
days after November 12, 2001. The obligation of Purchaser to accept for payment
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer is subject to the satisfaction of the
Minimum Condition and certain other conditions that are described in "Section
14. Certain Conditions of the Offer" hereof. Purchaser has agreed that no change
in the Offer may be made that decreases the Per Share Amount, changes the form
of consideration payable, reduces the maximum number of Shares to be purchased
in the Offer or imposes or modifies (other than waives) conditions to the Offer
in addition to those set forth in "Section 14. Certain Conditions of the Offer"
hereof without the prior consent of DevX.

     The Merger.  The Merger Agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions thereof, and in accordance with Delaware Law, Purchaser will
be merged with and into DevX. As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate
existence of Purchaser will cease and DevX will continue as the surviving
corporation of the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation") and will become a wholly
owned subsidiary of

Holdings. Upon the consummation of the Merger, each Share issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any Shares that are held in
the treasury of DevX, or owned by Purchaser, Holdings, Comstock or DevX, and any
Shares that are held by stockholders who have not voted in favor of the Merger
or consented thereto in writing and who have demanded properly in writing
appraisal for such Shares in accordance with Delaware Law) will be canceled and
converted automatically into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.

     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each Share held in treasury of DevX and
each Share owned by Purchaser, Holdings, Comstock or DevX immediately prior to
the Effective Time will be canceled without any conversion thereof and no
payment or distribution will be made with respect thereto, and each share of
common stock of Purchaser issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time will be converted into and exchanged for one share of common
stock of the Surviving Corporation.

     The Merger Agreement provides that M. Jay Allison and Roland O. Burns will
be the initial directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation. The Merger
Agreement also provides that, at the Effective Time, the Certificate of
Incorporation of Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, will be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation,
except that, at the Effective Time, Article I of the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation will be amended to provide that the
name of the Surviving Corporation will be "DevX Energy, Inc." The Merger
Agreement further provides that, unless otherwise determined by Comstock prior
to the Effective Time and subject to the bylaws of Purchaser, at the Effective
Time, the By-laws of Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, will be the By-laws of the Surviving Corporation.

     Stock Options.  DevX agreed in the Merger Agreement to use its reasonable
best efforts to cause all holders of options (and such holders' spouses) to
purchase Shares granted under DevX's 1997 Incentive Stock Option Plan and
Directors Non-Qualified Option Plan (the "Stock Option Plans") to execute prior
to the Initial Expiration Date an agreement to relinquish such holder's options
to purchase Shares (an "Option Relinquishment and Release Agreement"). At the
Expiration Date, Purchaser will cause each holder who has previously delivered
an Option Relinquishment and Release Agreement to be paid the cash amount equal
to the product of (i) the number of Shares subject to such option (irrespective
of whether such option is then exercisable) and (ii) the amount by which the Per
Share Amount exceeds the exercise or strike price per Share subject to such
option, less any required withholding taxes. If an option holder fails to
deliver an Option Relinquishment and Release Agreement prior to the Initial
Expiration Date, such holder's options (the "Outstanding Options") will, in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the governing Stock Option Plan and
the holder's stock option agreement(s), be converted without any action on the
part of the holder thereof into the right to receive Merger Consideration upon
the exercise of such holder's options in accordance with, and within the time
period prescribed by, the applicable Stock Option Plan and the holder's stock
option agreement(s). Purchaser also agreed in the Merger Agreement to pay or
cause to be paid to each holder of Outstanding Options, the Merger
Consideration, less any required withholding taxes, as promptly as practicable
after receiving a valid exercise of such options by the holder thereof. If any
holder of options to purchase Shares exercises such options prior to the
Effective Time, such holder will receive certificates evidencing the Shares
underlying the options and may surrender such certificates at the Effective Time
for payment in cash as provided in the Merger Agreement.

     Warrants.  DevX agreed in the Merger Agreement to send to holders of
warrants to purchase Shares written notice of the Offer and Merger and such
information required by the terms of such warrant, along with an agreement to
relinquish such warrants (a "Warrant Relinquishment and Release Agreement"), and
to use its reasonable best efforts to cause all holders of warrants (and such
holders' spouses) to execute prior to the Initial Expiration Date a Warrant
Relinquishment and Release Agreement. At the Expiration Date, Purchaser shall
cause such holders who have previously delivered a Warrant Relinquishment and
Release Agreement to be paid the cash amount equal to the product of (i) the
number of Shares subject to such warrant and (ii) the amount by which the Per
Share Amount exceeds the exercise price per share of Shares subject to such
warrant, less any required withholding taxes. If a warrant holder fails to
deliver a Warrant Relinquishment and Release Agreement prior to the Initial
Expiration Date, such holder's warrants (the "Outstanding Warrants") will, in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Outstanding Warrant, be
converted without any action

on the part of the holder thereof into the right to receive Merger Consideration
upon the exercise of such holder's warrants in accordance with the warrant
agreement(s). The Purchaser agreed in the Merger Agreement to pay or cause to be
paid to each holder of Outstanding Warrants, the Merger Consideration, less any
required withholding taxes, as promptly as practicable after receiving a valid
exercise of such warrants by the holder thereof. If warrants to purchase Shares
are exercised by holders prior to the Effective Time, such holders shall receive
certificates evidencing the Shares underlying the warrants and may surrender
such certificates the Effective Time for payment in cash as provided in the
Merger Agreement.

     Conduct of Business by DevX Pending the Merger.  DevX agreed in the Merger
Agreement that, between the date of the Merger Agreement and the Effective Time,
unless Comstock otherwise agrees in writing and except for actions taken or
omitted for the purpose of complying with the Merger Agreement, the businesses
of DevX and its subsidiaries will be conducted only in, and DevX and its
subsidiaries will not take any action except in, the ordinary course of business
and in a manner consistent with past practice; and DevX will use its reasonable
best efforts to preserve substantially intact the business organization of DevX
and its subsidiaries and to preserve the current relationships of DevX and its
subsidiaries with customers, suppliers and other persons with which DevX or any
of its subsidiaries has significant business relations.

     The Merger Agreement provides that, by way of amplification and not
limitation, except as expressly contemplated therein, neither DevX nor any of
its subsidiaries will, between the date of the Merger Agreement and the
Effective Time, directly or indirectly, do any of the following without the
prior written consent of Comstock:

          (a) amend or otherwise change its Certificate of Incorporation or
     By-laws or equivalent organizational documents;

          (b) split, combine, reclassify, subdivide or redeem, or purchase or
     otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of its capital stock;

          (c) issue (other than upon the exercise of options or warrants
     previously granted to current or former officers, employees or directors of
     DevX), purchase, redeem, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant, encumber, or
     authorize the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition, grant or encumbrance of
     any shares of any class of capital stock of DevX or any of its
     subsidiaries, or any options, warrants, convertible securities or other
     rights of any kind to acquire any shares of such capital stock, or any
     other ownership interest (including, without limitation, any phantom
     interest), of DevX or any of its subsidiaries;

          (d) declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other
     distribution, payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with respect
     to any of its capital stock, except for dividends by any direct or indirect
     wholly owned subsidiary of DevX or any other subsidiary;

          (e) with certain exceptions, sell, transfer, assign, dispose of or
     encumber any assets of DevX or any of its subsidiaries, or enter into any
     agreement or commitment with respect to assets of DevX or its subsidiaries,
     other than in the ordinary course consistent with past good business
     practice and other than transfers between DevX and its subsidiaries;

          (f) with certain exceptions, sell, transfer, assign, dispose of or
     encumber any of DevX's oil and gas properties or enter into any agreement
     or commitment with respect to any such sale, assignment, disposition or
     encumbrance;

          (g) other than in the ordinary course and consistent with past
     business practice, incur or become contingently liable for any indebtedness
     or guarantee any such indebtedness or redeem, purchase or acquire or offer
     to redeem, purchase or acquire any debt;

          (h) acquire or agree to acquire any assets other than in the ordinary
     course and consistent with past business practice;

          (i) modify or amend any existing agreement or enter into any new
     agreement with DevX's financial advisors or other similar consultants,
     including, without limitation, FBR;

          (j) subject to certain provisos, elect not to participate in any well
     to which proven reserves (as identified in the report of DevX's estimates
     of its and its subsidiaries' oil and gas reserves as of June 30, 2001 (the
     "Reserve Report")) have been attributed in the Reserve Report proposed
     pursuant to any existing net profits agreement or joint operating
     agreement;

          (k) (i) acquire (including, without limitation, by merger,
     consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets or any other business
     combination) any corporation, partnership, other business organization or
     any division thereof or any significant amount of assets, except for
     purchases of inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with
     past practice, (ii) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money other than
     draws under DevX's existing revolving credit facility or issue any debt
     securities or assume, guarantee or endorse, or otherwise become responsible
     for, the obligations of any person, or make any loans or advances, (iii)
     except as provided in the Merger Agreement, enter into any contract or
     agreement other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
     past practice, (iv) issue any authorization for expenditure or authorize
     any other individual capital expenditure in excess of $250,000 net to
     DevX's interest or (v) except as provided in the Merger Agreement, enter
     into or amend any contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement with
     respect to any matter described in this paragraph (k);

          (l) with certain exceptions, increase the compensation payable or to
     become payable or the benefits provided to its directors, officers or
     employees, except for increases in the ordinary course of business and
     consistent with past practice in salaries or wages of employees of DevX or
     any of its subsidiaries who are not directors or officers of DevX or any of
     its material subsidiaries, or establish, adopt, enter into or amend (except
     as may be required by law) any collective bargaining, bonus,
     profit-sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted stock,
     pension, retirement, deferred compensation, employment, termination,
     severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or arrangement for
     the benefit of any director, officer or employee;

          (m) take any action, other than reasonable and usual actions in the
     ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, with respect
     to accounting policies or procedures;

          (n) make any material tax election or settle or compromise any
     material tax liability;

          (o) with certain exceptions, pay, discharge or satisfy any claim,
     liability or obligation (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted,
     contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or
     satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
     practice, of liabilities reflected or reserved against in DevX's balance
     sheet dated June 30, 2001 or subsequently incurred in the ordinary course
     of business and consistent with past practice or liabilities or obligations
     owed to DevX or its subsidiaries;

          (p) amend, modify or consent to the termination of any of DevX's
     material contracts, or amend, waive, modify or consent to the termination
     of DevX's or its subsidiaries' material rights thereunder;

          (q) commence or settle any material litigation, suit, claim, action,
     proceeding or investigation (an "Action"); or

          (r) publicly announce an intention, enter into any formal or informal
     agreement or otherwise make a commitment, to do any of the foregoing.

     Stockholders' Meeting.  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, DevX, acting
through the Board, will, if required by applicable law in order to consummate
the Merger, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold an annual or special
meeting of its stockholders (the "Stockholders' Meeting") as promptly as
practicable following consummation of the Offer for the purpose of considering
and taking action on the Merger Agreement and the Merger. If Purchaser acquires
at least a majority of the outstanding Shares, Purchaser will have sufficient
voting power to approve the Merger, even if no other stockholder votes in favor
of the Merger.

     Proxy Statement.  The Merger Agreement provides that DevX will, if approval
of DevX's stockholders is required by applicable law to consummate the Merger,
promptly following consummation of the Offer, file with the Commission under the
Exchange Act, and use its best efforts to have promptly cleared by the

Commission, a proxy statement and related proxy materials (the "Proxy
Statement") with respect to the Stockholders' Meeting and will cause the Proxy
Statement and all required amendments and supplements thereto to be mailed to
stockholders of DevX at the earliest practicable time. DevX has agreed to
include in the Proxy Statement, and not subsequently withdraw or modify in any
manner adverse to Purchaser, Holdings or Comstock, the recommendation of the
Board that the stockholders of DevX approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby and to use its best efforts to obtain such
approval and adoption. The Merger Agreement also provides that, if Purchaser
acquires at least 90% of the then outstanding Shares, Comstock, Holdings,
Purchaser and DevX will take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the
Merger to become effective, in accordance with Delaware Law, as promptly as
reasonably practicable after such acquisition, without a meeting of DevX's
stockholders.

     DevX Board Representation.  The Merger Agreement provides that, promptly
upon the purchase by Purchaser of 50% of the outstanding Shares plus one Share
(including Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer), Purchaser will be entitled
to designate up to such number of directors, rounded up to the next whole
number, on the Board as will give Purchaser representation on the Board equal to
the product of the total number of directors on the Board (giving effect to the
directors elected pursuant to the provision described in this paragraph),
multiplied by the percentage that the aggregate number of Shares beneficially
owned by Purchaser or any affiliate of Purchaser following such purchase bears
to the total number of Shares then outstanding, and DevX will, at such time,
promptly take all actions necessary to cause Purchaser's designees to be elected
as directors of DevX, including increasing the size of the Board or securing the
resignations of incumbent directors, or both. The Merger Agreement also provides
that, at such times, DevX will use its best efforts to cause persons designated
by Purchaser to constitute the same percentage as persons designated by
Purchaser will constitute of the Board of (i) each committee of the Board, (ii)
each board of directors of each subsidiary of DevX, and (iii) each committee of
each such board, in each case only to the extent permitted by applicable law.
DevX further agreed in the Merger Agreement that, until the Effective Time, at
the request of Comstock, DevX will use its best efforts to ensure that at least
two members of the Board and each committee of the Board and such boards and
committees of DevX's subsidiaries, as of the date of the Merger Agreement, who
are not employees of DevX will remain members of the Board and of such boards
and committees.

     The Merger Agreement provides that, following the election or appointment
of Purchaser's designees in accordance with the provision described above and
prior to the Effective Time, any amendment of the Merger Agreement or the
Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of DevX, any termination of the Merger
Agreement by DevX, any extension by DevX of the time for the performance of any
of the obligations or other acts of Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser, or waiver
of any of DevX's rights thereunder, will require the concurrence of a majority
of those directors of DevX then in office who neither were designated by
Purchaser nor are employees of DevX or any of its subsidiaries, and, if serving
on the Board currently, were disinterested directors in connection with the
Board's consideration of the Merger Agreement.

     Access to Information.  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, until the
Effective Time, DevX will, and will cause its subsidiaries and the officers,
directors, employees, auditors and agents of DevX and its subsidiaries to,
afford the officers, employees and agents of Comstock, Holdings and Purchaser
and persons providing or proposing to provide Comstock or Purchaser with
financing for the Offer and the Merger complete access at all reasonable times
to the officers, employees, agents, properties, offices, plants and other
facilities, books and records of DevX and each of its subsidiaries, and will
furnish Comstock, Holdings and Purchaser and persons providing or proposing to
provide Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser with financing for the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, with such financial, operating and other
data and information as Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser, through its officers,
employees or agents, may reasonably request, and Comstock, Holdings and
Purchaser have agreed to keep such information confidential, except in certain
circumstances.

     No Solicitation of Transactions.  DevX has agreed in the Merger Agreement
that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries through any officer, director,
advisor or other person acting on its behalf will, directly or indirectly,
solicit, initiate or encourage in any way any offer from any third party to
acquire by any means all or any substantial part of the assets or the shares of
capital stock of DevX or any of its subsidiaries (an "Acquisition Proposal").
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, DevX may, however, furnish information to and

negotiate with a third party (a "Potential Acquirer") if the Potential Acquirer
has, in circumstances not involving any breach by DevX of the foregoing
provisions, made a tender or exchange offer for, or a proposal to the Board to
acquire 20% or more of the Shares, and (i) the Board determines in good faith,
based on the advice of outside counsel, that the failure to do so would be
reasonably likely to constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to the
stockholders of DevX under applicable law, and (ii) the Board is advised by its
financial advisor that such Potential Acquirer has the financial wherewithal to
consummate the acquisition and such acquisition would be more favorable to the
stockholders of DevX than the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

     DevX has also agreed that neither the Board nor any committee thereof will
(i) withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to
Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser, the approval or recommendation by the Board or
any such committee of the Merger Agreement, the Offer, or the Merger, (ii)
approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition
Proposal or (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition
Proposal. The Merger Agreement provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in
the event that, prior to the Expiration Date, the Board determines in good faith
that it is required to do so by its fiduciary duties under applicable law after
having received advice from outside legal counsel, the Board may withdraw or
modify its approval or recommendation of the Offer and the Merger, but only to
terminate the Merger Agreement in accordance with the termination provisions
specified therein (and, concurrently with such termination, cause DevX to enter
into an agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal that the Board
determines, in its good faith judgment (after having received the advice of FBR
or such other financial advisor of recognized reputation), to be more favorable
to DevX's stockholders than the Offer and the Merger and for which financing, to
the extent required, is then committed (such Acquisition Proposal, a "Superior
Proposal")).

     In the Merger Agreement, DevX agreed to, and agreed to direct or cause its
directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents to, immediately cease
and cause to be terminated any discussions or negotiations with third parties
that may be ongoing with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. DevX also agreed
to promptly advise Comstock in writing (within 48 hours) of the material terms
and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal.

     Employee Matters.  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Purchaser will provide
DevX a list of employees whom Purchaser intends to continue to employ, and a
summary of the material terms of such employment, which terms will not be less
favorable than such employee's current employment terms and provided that such
employees who are retained and for whom a retention bonus would be due and
payable will be paid such bonus on December 31, 2001. The Merger Agreement
provides that, at any time after receipt of such list, DevX may terminate any
employee whose name is not on such list and will pay any severance to such
employee to which he or she may be entitled under the terms of certain
employment contract, termination agreement or policy in existence as of October
19, 2001. Comstock agreed in the Merger Agreement to cause DevX to maintain
DevX's existing benefits for such period of time as is necessary for DevX to
fulfill its obligations under existing contracts and policies. Comstock agreed
in the Merger Agreement to, after the Effective Date, cause DevX to maintain
welfare benefit plans with benefits no less favorable to the persons covered
thereby than DevX's existing welfare benefit plans for such period of time as
necessary for DevX to fulfill its obligations under DevX's existing contracts
and policies.

     Directors' and Officers' Indemnification Insurance.  The Merger Agreement
provides that the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation will
contain provisions no less favorable with respect to indemnification than are
set forth in Article VI of the By-laws of DevX, and that such provisions will
not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified in any manner that would
materially and adversely affect the rights thereunder of individuals who, at or
prior to the Effective Time, were directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries or
agents of DevX, unless such modification is required by law.

     In the Merger Agreement, Comstock agreed to maintain the directors' and
officers' liability insurance that serves to reimburse persons currently covered
by DevX's directors' and officers' liability insurance in full force and effect
for the continued benefit of such persons for a continuous period of not less
than two years from the Effective Time on terms that are not materially
different from DevX's insurance currently in effect

(except that the Surviving Corporation may substitute therefor policies of at
least the same coverage containing terms and conditions that are not less
favorable) with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time.

     The Merger Agreement further provides that if DevX, Comstock or the
Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns (i)
consolidates with or merges into any other person and is not the continuing or
surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii)
transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person,
then, and in each such case, proper provision will be made so that the
successors and assigns of DevX, Comstock or the Surviving Corporation, as the
case may be, or at Comstock's option, Comstock, will assume the foregoing
indemnity obligations.

     The foregoing indemnification obligations are in addition to and not in
lieu of DevX's indemnification obligations under agreements between DevX and
certain of its officers and directors.

     Further Action; Reasonable Best Efforts.  In the Merger Agreement, each of
the parties agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, all appropriate action, and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to
consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement. None of Purchaser, Holdings or Comstock is, however, required to take
any action, including entering into a consent decree, hold separate orders or
other arrangements, that (i) requires the divestiture of any assets of any of
Purchaser, Holdings, Comstock, DevX or any of their respective subsidiaries or
(ii) limits Comstock's ability to operate DevX and its subsidiaries or any
portion thereof or any of Comstock's or its affiliates' other assets or
businesses in a manner consistent with past practice. The Merger Agreement also
provides that in case, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action
is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of the Merger Agreement, the
proper officers and directors of each party to the Merger Agreement are required
to use their reasonable best efforts to take all such action.

     The Merger Agreement further provides that each of the parties will
cooperate and use its reasonable best efforts to vigorously contest and resist
any Action, including administrative or judicial Action, and to have vacated,
lifted, reversed or overturned any decree, judgment, injunction or other order
(whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and that
restricts, prevents or prohibits consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement, including, without limitation, by vigorously pursuing
all available avenues of administrative and judicial appeal.

     Assumption of Agreements.  Comstock agreed in the Merger Agreement to, at
the Expiration Date, enter into an assumption or guaranty agreement reasonably
satisfactory to Brian J. Barr and Edward J. Munden, each of whom is a former
officer of DevX, pursuant to which Comstock will assume or guaranty the
obligations of DevX under the termination agreement between DevX and each of
Messrs. Barr and Munden.

     Representations and Warranties.  The Merger Agreement contains various
customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto including, among
others, representations by DevX as to the absence of certain changes or events
concerning DevX's business, oil and gas agreements, properties, compliance with
law, filings and financial statements, litigation, employee benefit plans, labor
and employment matters, property and leases, intellectual property,
environmental matters, taxes, material contracts, customers and suppliers,
insurance and brokers.

     Conditions to the Merger.  Under the Merger Agreement, the respective
obligations of each party to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction,
at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following conditions:

          (a) if and to the extent required by Delaware Law, the Merger
     Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby have been approved and
     adopted by the affirmative vote of the stockholders of DevX;

          (b) no governmental authority has enacted, issued, promulgated,
     enforced or entered any law (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent)
     that is then in effect and has the effect of making the acquisition of
     Shares by Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser or any affiliate of any of them
     illegal or

     otherwise restricting, preventing or prohibiting consummation of the
     transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; and

          (c) Purchaser or its permitted assignee has purchased all Shares
     validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, except that this
     condition will not be applicable to the obligations of Comstock, Holdings
     or Purchaser if, in breach of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser fails to
     purchase any Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the
     Offer.

     Termination.  The Merger Agreement provides that it may be terminated and
the Merger and the other Transactions may be abandoned at any time prior to the
Effective Time, notwithstanding any requisite approval and adoption of the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement by
the stockholders of DevX:

          (a) by mutual written consent of each of Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser
     and DevX duly authorized by the Boards of Directors of Comstock, Holdings,
     Purchaser and DevX;

          (b) by any of Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser or DevX if (i) the
     Effective Time has not occurred on or before June 30, 2002, except that the
     right to terminate the Merger Agreement as described in this clause (b)(i)
     will not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation
     under the Merger Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the
     failure of the Effective Time to occur on or before such date, or (ii) any
     governmental authority has enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
     entered any injunction, order, decree or ruling that has become final and
     nonappealable and has the effect of making consummation of the Offer or the
     Merger illegal or otherwise preventing or prohibiting consummation of the
     Offer or the Merger;

          (c) by Comstock if (i) due to an occurrence or circumstance that would
     result in a failure to satisfy any condition set forth in "Section 14.
     Certain Conditions of the Offer" hereto, Purchaser has (A) failed to
     commence the Offer within 30 days following the date of the Merger
     Agreement, (B) terminated the Offer without having accepted any Shares for
     payment thereunder or (C) failed to accept Shares for payment pursuant to
     the Offer within 90 days following the commencement of the Offer (except
     that the applicable time periods specified in (A) and (C) above will be
     extended until June 30, 2002), unless such action or inaction under (A),
     (B) or (C) has been caused by or resulted from the failure of Comstock,
     Holdings or Purchaser to perform, in any material respect, any of their
     covenants or agreements contained in the Merger Agreement, or the material
     breach by Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser of any of their representations
     or warranties contained in the Merger Agreement or (ii) prior to the
     purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Board or any committee
     thereof has withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Purchaser,
     Holdings or Comstock its approval or recommendation of the Merger
     Agreement, the Offer or the Merger, or has recommended or approved any
     Acquisition Proposal, or has resolved to do any of the foregoing;

          (d) by DevX, upon approval of the Board, if (i) Purchaser has (x)
     failed to commence the Offer within seven business days following the date
     of the Merger Agreement, or (y) terminated the Offer without having
     accepted any Shares for payment thereunder, unless such action or inaction
     described in (x) or (y) has been caused by or resulted from a failure of
     DevX to perform, in any material respect, any of its material obligations
     or agreements contained in the Merger Agreement or the material breach by
     DevX of any of its material representations or warranties contained in the
     Merger Agreement, (ii) the Expiration Date has not occurred by January 1,
     2002 (but subject to the occurrence of an extension of the Offer pursuant
     to the Merger Agreement), unless such failure of the Expiration Date to
     occur has been caused by or resulted from a failure of DevX to perform, in
     any material respect, any of its material obligations or agreements
     contained in the Merger Agreement or the material breach by DevX of any of
     its material representations or warranties contained in the Merger
     Agreement, (iii) Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser has committed a material
     breach of the Merger Agreement or (iv) prior to the Expiration Date, the
     Board determines in good faith that it is required to do so by its
     fiduciary duties under applicable law after having received advice from
     outside legal counsel in order to enter into a definitive agreement with
     respect to a Superior Proposal, upon two calendar days' prior written
     notice to Comstock, setting forth in reasonable detail the identity of the
     person making, and the final terms and conditions of,

     the Superior Proposal (with any termination of the Merger Agreement
     pursuant to the provisions described in this clause (d)(iv) not being
     effective until DevX has made full payment of all amounts described below
     under the section entitled "Fees").

     The Merger Agreement also provides that, in each case, the time periods and
deadlines summarized above in paragraphs (c) and (d) may be extended, at the
option of any party as reasonably necessitated by the occurrence of a Suspension
Event for such period of time as may be reasonably necessary (but not to exceed
five business days) following the conclusion of a Suspension Event, but in no
event to exceed January 31, 2002. As used in the Merger Agreement, "Suspension
Event" means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) any general suspension
of trading in, or limitation on prices for, securities on any national
securities exchange, Nasdaq or in the over-the-counter market in the United
States, (ii) a declaration of a general banking moratorium or any suspension of
payments in respect of banks in the United States or (iii) any limitation
(whether or not mandatory) by any governmental authority on, or other event that
materially and adversely affects, the extension of credit by banks or other
lending institutions.

     Effect of Termination.  The Merger Agreement provides that in the event of
the termination of the Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreement will forthwith
become void, and there will be no liability on the part of any party thereto,
except (i) as described below under the section entitled "Fees" and (ii) nothing
in the Merger Agreement will relieve any party from liability for any
intentional breach thereof prior to the date of such termination. The
Confidentiality Agreement will, however, survive any termination of the Merger
Agreement.

     Fees.  The Merger Agreement provides that if the Merger Agreement is
terminated pursuant to the termination provisions described above in (c)(ii) or
(d)(iv), then, in any such event, DevX will pay Comstock promptly (but in no
event later than one business day after the first of such events has occurred) a
fee in immediately available funds of $3,500,000 (the "Fee").

     Except as described in this Section "Fees," all costs and expenses incurred
in connection with the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby will be paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether or not any
transaction is consummated. If DevX fails to pay the Fee, it is also obligated
to pay interest on such unpaid Fee, commencing on the date that the Fee became
due, at a rate equal to the rate of interest publicly announced by Citibank,
N.A., from time to time, in the City of New York, as such bank's Base Rate.

     Amendment and Waiver.  Subject to the provisions describe above under "DevX
Board Representation," the Merger Agreement may be amended by the parties
thereto by action taken by or on behalf of their respective Boards of Directors
at any time prior to the Effective Time, except that, after the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby by
the stockholders of DevX, no amendment may be made that would reduce the amount
or change the type of consideration into which each Share will be converted upon
consummation of the Merger. Also subject to the provisions described above under
"DevX Board Representation," at any time prior to the Effective Time, any party
to the Merger Agreement may (a) extend the time for the performance of any
obligation or other act of any other party thereto, (b) waive any inaccuracy in
the representations and warranties of any other party contained therein or in
any document delivered pursuant thereto and (c) waive compliance with any
agreement of any other party or any condition to its own obligations contained
therein.

  CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

     The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Confidentiality
Agreement dated January 16, 2001 (the "Confidentiality Agreement") between
Comstock and DevX. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Confidentiality Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference, and a copy
of which has been filed with the Commission as an exhibit to the Schedule TO.
The Confidentiality Agreement may be examined and copies may be obtained at the
places set forth in "Section 7. Certain Information Concerning DevX."

     Comstock agreed in the Confidentiality Agreement to utilize the
Confidential Information (as defined below) only for the purpose of evaluating a
transaction between Comstock and DevX and preparing proposals

with respect thereto and to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential
Information with the same degree of care, but in any case no less than a
reasonable standard of care, as Comstock uses to protect its own Confidential
Information. Comstock also agreed in the Confidentiality Agreement not to
disclose the Confidential Information to any third party, with certain
exceptions, and to direct all employees and third party consultants to whom
Comstock provides access to the Confidential Information not to disclose such
Confidential Information or the fact that any discussions or negotiations are
taking place between the parties and to remain liable for any unauthorized
disclosure or use of Confidential Information by such employees or third party
consultants notwithstanding such direction.

     The restrictions on use and disclosure of the Confidential Information set
out in the Confidentiality Agreement will continue until January 16, 2003.

     The parties to the Confidentiality Agreement agreed that, except with
respect to the matters specifically addressed in the Confidentiality Agreement,
unless and until they execute and deliver a definitive agreement concerning a
transaction, (i) neither of them is under any obligation whatsoever with respect
to each other whether by virtue of the Confidentiality Agreement or any other
understanding or agreement, and (ii) DevX may make, entertain or solicit similar
offers from third parties or conduct any process with respect thereto, except
that before January 16, 2003, Comstock may not participate directly or
indirectly in any transaction pertaining to any publicly traded securities of
DevX that has not been approved by the Board.

     For purposes of the Confidentiality Agreement, "Confidential Information"
means all tangible forms of information, documents, memoranda or other materials
pertaining to and prepared by or on behalf of DevX or any of its subsidiaries
and affiliates, or of the business, properties and assets thereof, excluding
information that (i) is or becomes generally available to the public as a result
of an authorized disclosure by a party or (ii) is or becomes available to
Comstock on a non-confidential basis from another source that is not bound by a
confidentiality agreement with or other obligation of secrecy to or for the
benefit of DevX.

11.  PURPOSE OF THE OFFER; PLANS FOR DEVX AFTER THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; EFFECT
ON SENIOR NOTES.

     Purpose of the Offer.  The Offer is being made pursuant to the Merger
Agreement. The purpose of the Offer and the Merger is for Comstock to acquire
control of, and the entire equity interest in, DevX. The Offer, as the first
step in the acquisition of DevX, is intended to facilitate the acquisition of
all of the Shares. The purpose of the Merger is for Comstock to acquire all
Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer. Upon consummation of the Merger,
DevX will become an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock.

     Under Delaware Law, the approval of the Board and the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares is required to approve and
adopt the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Board
has determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are fair to, and in the best
interest of, the holders of Shares, has approved, adopted and declared advisable
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
Offer and the Merger, and has resolved to recommend that the holders of Shares
accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer. Unless the
Merger is consummated pursuant to the short-form merger provisions under
Delaware Law described below, the only remaining required corporate action of
DevX is the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Merger by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of Shares. Accordingly, if the
Minimum Condition is satisfied, Purchaser will have sufficient voting power to
cause the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Merger without
the affirmative vote of any other stockholder.

     In the Merger Agreement, DevX has agreed to duly call, give notice of,
convene and hold an annual or special meeting of its stockholders as promptly as
practicable following consummation of the Offer for the purpose of considering
and taking action on the Merger Agreement and the Transactions, including the
Offer and the Merger, if such action is required by Delaware Law in order to
consummate the Merger. Comstock, Holdings and Purchaser intend to vote all
Shares owned by them and their subsidiaries in favor of the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Merger.

     The Merger Agreement provides that, promptly upon the purchase by Purchaser
of 50% of the outstanding Shares plus one Share (including Shares purchased
pursuant to the Offer), Purchaser will be entitled to designate representatives
to serve on the Board in proportion to Purchaser's ownership of Shares following
such purchase. See "Section 10. Background of the Offer; the Merger Agreement
and Related Agreements." Purchaser expects that such representation would permit
Purchaser to exert substantial influence over DevX's conduct of its business and
operations.

     Short-Form Merger.  Under Delaware Law, if Purchaser acquires, pursuant to
the Offer or otherwise, at least 90% of the then outstanding Shares, Purchaser
will be able to approve the Merger without a vote of DevX's stockholders. In
such event, Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser and DevX have agreed in the Merger
Agreement to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to
become effective as promptly as reasonably practicable after such acquisition,
without a meeting of DevX's stockholders. If, however, Purchaser does not
acquire at least 90% of the outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer or
otherwise and a vote of DevX's stockholders is required under Delaware Law, a
significantly longer period of time would be required to effect the Merger. In
such event, Purchaser may, if possible, act by written consent to approve and
adopt the Merger Agreement.

     Appraisal Rights.  No appraisal rights are available in connection with the
Offer. However, if the Merger is consummated, stockholders who have not tendered
their Shares will have rights under Delaware Law to dissent from the Merger and
demand appraisal of, and to receive payment in cash of the fair value of, their
Shares. Stockholders who perfect such rights by complying with the procedures
set forth in Section 262 of the Delaware Law ("Section 262") will have the "fair
value" of their Shares (exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the Merger) determined by the Delaware Court of
Chancery and will be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to such fair value
for the Surviving Corporation. In addition, such dissenting stockholders would
be entitled to receive payment of a fair rate of interest from the date of
consummation of the Merger on the amount determined to be the fair value of
their Shares. In determining the fair value of the Shares, the court is required
to take into account all relevant factors. Accordingly, such determination could
be based upon considerations other than, or in addition to, the market value of
the Shares, including, among other things, asset values and earning capacity. In
Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court stated, among other things,
that "proof of value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered
acceptable in the financial community and otherwise admissible in court" should
be considered in an appraisal proceeding. The Weinberger court also noted that
under Section 262, fair value is to be determined "exclusive of any element of
value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger." In Cede &
Co. v. Technicolor, Inc., however, the Delaware Supreme Court stated that, in
the context of a two-step cash merger, "to the extent that value has been added
following a change in majority control before cash-out, it is still value
attributable to the going concern," to be included in the appraisal process. As
a consequence, the value so determined in any appraisal proceeding could be the
same, more or less than the purchase price per Share in the Offer or the Merger
Consideration.

     In addition, several decisions by Delaware courts have held that, in some
circumstances, a controlling stockholder of a company involved in a merger has a
fiduciary duty to other stockholders that requires that the merger be fair to
such other stockholders. In determining whether a merger is fair to minority
stockholders, Delaware courts have considered, among other things, the type and
amount of consideration to be received by the stockholders and whether there was
fair dealing among the parties. The Delaware Supreme Court stated in Weinberger
and Rabkin v. Philip A. Hunt Chemical Corp. that the remedy ordinarily available
to minority stockholders in a cash-out merger is the right to appraisal
described above. However, a damages remedy or injunctive relief may be available
if a merger is found to be the product of procedural unfairness, including
fraud, misrepresentation or other misconduct.

     Comstock does not intend to object, assuming the proper procedures are
followed, to the exercise of appraisal rights by any stockholder and the demand
for appraisal of, and payment in cash for the fair value of, Shares. Comstock
intends, however, to cause the Surviving Corporation to argue in an appraisal
proceeding that, for purposes of such proceeding, the fair value of each Share
is less than or equal to the Merger Consideration. In this regard, stockholders
should be aware that opinions of investment banking firms as to the

fairness from a financial point of view (including FBR) are not necessarily
opinions as to "fair value" under Section 262.

     The foregoing summary of the rights of dissenting stockholders under
Delaware Law does not purport to be a complete statement of the procedures to be
followed by stockholders desiring to exercise any dissenters' rights under
Delaware Law. The preservation and exercise of dissenters' rights require strict
adherence to the applicable provisions of Delaware Law.

     Going Private Transactions.  The Commission has adopted Rule 13e-3 under
the Exchange Act, which is applicable to certain "going private" transactions
and which may under certain circumstances be applicable to the Merger or another
business combination following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer in
which Purchaser seeks to acquire the remaining Shares not held by it or its
affiliates. Purchaser believes that Rule 13e-3 will not be applicable to the
Merger. Rule 13e-3 requires, among other things, that certain financial
information concerning DevX and certain information relating to the fairness of
the proposed transaction and the consideration offered to minority stockholders
in such transaction be filed with the Commission and disclosed to stockholders
prior to consummation of the transaction.

     Plans for DevX.  Except as disclosed in this Offer to Purchase, none of
Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser has any present plans or proposals that would
result in an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger,
reorganization, liquidation, purchase or sale or transfer of a material amount
of assets, involving DevX or any of its subsidiaries, or any material changes in
DevX's capitalization, corporate structure, business or composition of its
management or the Board. Comstock will continue to evaluate and review DevX and
its business, assets, corporate structure, capitalization, operations,
properties, policies, management and personnel with a view towards determining
how optimally to realize any potential benefits which arise from the
rationalization of the operations of DevX with those of other business units and
subsidiaries of Comstock. Such evaluation and review is ongoing and is not
expected to be completed until after the consummation of the Offer and the
Merger. If, as and to the extent that Comstock acquires control of DevX,
Comstock will complete such evaluation and review of DevX and will determine
what, if any, changes would be desirable in light of the circumstances and the
strategic business portfolio which then exist. Such changes could include, among
other things, restructuring DevX through changes in DevX's business, corporate
structure, Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws, capitalization or management
or could involve consolidating and streamlining certain operations and
reorganizing other businesses and operations.

     Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser or an affiliate of Comstock may, following
the consummation or termination of the Offer, seek to acquire additional Shares
through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, a tender offer
or exchange offer or otherwise, upon such terms and at such prices as they may
determine, which may be more or less than the price paid in the Offer.

     Effect on Senior Notes.  At September 30, 2001, $50.0 million aggregate
principal amount of the Senior Notes was outstanding. The Offer is not being
made for (nor will tenders be accepted of) any of the Senior Notes. Comstock may
approach the holders of the Senior Notes to discuss a possible acquisition of
their Senior Notes.

     The Indenture provides that upon a "Change of Control" of DevX, the holders
of the Senior Notes have the right, at such holder's option, pursuant to an
offer (subject to the conditions required by applicable law, if any) by DevX
(the "Change of Control Offer"), to require DevX to repurchase all or any party
of such holder's Senior Notes (as long as the principal amount of such Senior
Notes is $1,000 or an interval thereof) on a date (the "Change of Control
Payment Date") that is no fewer than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the
date of the Change of Control Offer, at a cash price equal to 101% of the
principal amount of the Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the
Change of Control Payment Date. The consummation of the Offer on the terms
described in this Offer to Purchase will constitute a Change of Control under
the Indenture.

     Within 30 days following the Change in Control, a written notice will be
sent to the Trustee and to each holder of Senior Notes (and to beneficial owners
as required by applicable law). Such notice will state, among other things, (i)
that a Change of Control has occurred and a Change of Control Offer is being
made pursuant

to the Indenture and that all Senior Notes (or portions thereof) properly
tendered will be accepted for payment; (ii) the purchase price and the Change of
Control Payment Date; (iii) that any Senior Note (or portion thereof) accepted
for payment (and duly paid on the Change of Control Payment Date) pursuant to
the Change of Control Offer will cease to accrue interest on the Change of
Control Payment Date; (iv) that any Senior Notes (or portion thereof) not
properly tendered will continue to accrue interest; (v) a description of the
transaction or transactions constituting the Change of Control; (vi) the
procedures that holders of Senior Notes must follow in order to tender their
Senior Notes (or portions thereof) for payment and the procedures that holders
of Senior Notes must follow in order to withdraw an election to tender Senior
Notes (or portions thereof) for payment; and (vii) all other instructions and
material necessary to enable holders to tender Senior Notes pursuant to the
Change of Control Offer.

12.  DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.

     The Merger Agreement provides that DevX will not, between the date of the
Merger Agreement and the Effective Time, without the prior written consent of
Comstock, (a) issue (other than upon the exercise of options or warrants
previously granted to current or former officers, employees or directors of
DevX), purchase, redeem, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant, encumber, or authorize
the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition, grant or encumbrance of any shares of
any class of capital stock of DevX or any of its subsidiaries, or any options,
warrants, convertible securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any
shares of such capital stock, or any other ownership interest (including,
without limitation, any phantom interest), of DevX or any of its subsidiaries;
(b) with certain exceptions, sell, transfer, assign, dispose of or encumber any
assets of DevX or any of its subsidiaries, or enter into any agreement or
commitment with respect to assets of DevX or its subsidiaries, other than in the
ordinary course consistent with past good business practice; (c) with certain
exceptions, sell, transfer, assign, dispose of or encumber any of DevX's oil and
gas properties or enter into any agreement or commitment with respect to any
such sale, assignment, disposition or encumbrance; (d) acquire or agree to
acquire any assets other than in the ordinary course and consistent with past
business practice; (e) declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other
distribution, payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with respect to any
of its capital stock, except for dividends by any direct or indirect wholly
owned subsidiary to DevX or any other subsidiary; or (f) split, combine,
reclassify, subdivide or redeem, or purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or
indirectly, any of its capital stock. See "Section 10. Background of the Offer;
the Merger Agreement and Related Agreements."

13.  POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF THE OFFER ON THE MARKET FOR SHARES, NASDAQ LISTING,
     MARGIN REGULATIONS AND EXCHANGE ACT REGISTRATION.

     Possible Effects of the Offer on the Market for the Shares.  The purchase
of Shares by Purchaser in the Offer will reduce the number of Shares that might
otherwise trade publicly and will reduce the number of holders of Shares, which
could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares
held by the public.

     Comstock intends to cause the delisting of the Shares from Nasdaq following
consummation of the Offer.

     Nasdaq Listing.  Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to
the Offer, the Shares may no longer meet the standards for continued listing on
Nasdaq. According to Nasdaq's published guidelines, Shares would not be eligible
to be included for listing if, among other things, the number of Shares publicly
held falls below 500,000, the number of beneficial owners of Shares falls below
300 or the market value of such publicly held Shares is not at least $1,000,000.
If, as a result of the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Merger or
otherwise, the Shares no longer meet the requirements of Nasdaq for continued
listing, the listing of the Shares will be discontinued. In such event, the
market for the Shares would be adversely affected. In the event the Shares were
no longer eligible for listing on Nasdaq, quotations might still be available
from other sources. The extent of the public market for the Shares and the
availability of such quotations would, however, depend upon the number of
holders of such Shares remaining at such time, the interest in maintaining a
market in such Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination
of registration of such Shares under the Exchange Act as described below and
other factors.

     Exchange Act Registration.  The Shares are currently registered under the
Exchange Act. Such registration may be terminated upon application by DevX to
the Commission if the Shares are not listed on a "national securities exchange"
and there are fewer than 300 record holders. The termination of the registration
of the Shares under the Exchange Act would substantially reduce the information
required to be furnished by DevX to holders of Shares and to the Commission and
would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act, such as the short-swing
profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b), the requirement of furnishing a
proxy statement in connection with stockholders' meetings pursuant to Section
14(a) or 14(c) of the Exchange Act and the related requirements of an annual
report, and the requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect
to "going private" transactions, no longer applicable to the Shares. In
addition, "affiliates" of DevX and persons holding "restricted securities" of
DevX may be deprived of the ability to dispose of such securities pursuant to
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If
registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act were terminated, the Shares
would no longer be eligible for Nasdaq reporting. Purchaser currently intends to
seek to cause DevX to terminate the registration of the Shares under the
Exchange Act as soon after consummation of the Offer as the requirements for
termination of registration are met.

     Margin Regulations.  The Shares are currently "margin securities," as such
term is defined under the rules of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (the "Federal Reserve Board"), which has the effect, among other things,
of allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of such securities.
Depending upon factors similar to those described above regarding listing and
market quotations, following the Offer it is possible that the Shares might no
longer constitute "margin securities" for purposes of the margin regulations of
the Federal Reserve Board, in which event such Shares could no longer be used as
collateral for loans made by brokers. In addition, if registration of the Shares
under the Exchange Act were terminated, such Shares would no longer constitute
"margin securities."

14.  CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER.

     Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, Purchaser is not required
to accept for payment any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, and may extend,
terminate or amend the Offer if (i) immediately prior to the expiration of the
Offer, the Minimum Condition has not been satisfied, or (ii) at any time on or
after the date of the Merger Agreement and prior to the Expiration Date, any of
the following conditions exist:

          (a) there has been instituted or be pending any Action by any
     governmental authority (i) challenging or seeking to make illegal, delay,
     or otherwise, directly or indirectly, restrain or prohibit or make
     materially more costly, the making of the Offer, the acceptance for payment
     of any Shares by Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser or any other affiliate of
     Comstock, or the consummation of any other transaction contemplated by the
     Merger Agreement, or seeking to obtain damages in connection with any
     transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (ii) seeking to prohibit
     or limit the ownership or operation by DevX, Comstock or any of their
     subsidiaries of all or any of the business or assets of DevX, Comstock or
     any of their subsidiaries or to compel DevX, Comstock or any of their
     subsidiaries, as a result of the Offer or the Merger, to dispose of or to
     hold separate all or any portion of the business or assets of DevX,
     Comstock or any of their subsidiaries; (iii) seeking to impose or confirm
     any limitation on the ability of Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser or any other
     affiliate of Comstock to exercise effectively full rights of ownership of
     any Shares, including, without limitation, the right to vote any Shares
     acquired by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer or otherwise on all matters
     properly presented to DevX's stockholders, including, without limitation,
     the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
     contemplated thereby; (iv) seeking to require divestiture by Comstock,
     Holdings, Purchaser or any other affiliate of Comstock of any Shares; or
     (v) that otherwise is likely to materially and adversely affect Comstock or
     have a material adverse effect on DevX;

          (b) any governmental authority or court of competent jurisdiction has
     issued an order, decree, injunction or ruling or taken any other action (i)
     permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting or preventing
     the Offer or the Merger and such order, decree, injunction, ruling or other
     action shall have become final and non-appealable, or (ii) that is
     reasonably likely to result, directly or indirectly, in any of the
     consequences described in clause (i) through (v) of paragraph (a) above;

          (c) there has been any statute, rule, regulation, legislation or
     interpretation enacted, promulgated, amended, issued or deemed applicable
     to (i) Comstock, DevX or any subsidiary or affiliate of Comstock or DevX or
     (ii) any transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement, by any United
     States legislative body or governmental authority with appropriate
     jurisdiction, that is reasonably likely to result, directly or indirectly,
     in any of the consequences described in clauses (i) through (v) of
     paragraph (a) above;

          (d) (i) the Board, or any committee thereof, has withdrawn or
     modified, in a manner adverse to Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser, the
     approval or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger, the Agreement, or
     approved or recommended any Acquisition Proposal or any other acquisition
     of Shares other than the Offer, the Merger or (ii) the Board, or any
     committee thereof, has resolved to do any of the foregoing;

          (e) (i) any representation or warranty of DevX in the Merger Agreement
     that is qualified as to material adverse effect is not true and correct as
     so qualified or (ii) any representation or warranty that is not so
     qualified is not true and correct (except where the failure to be true and
     correct would not have a material adverse effect on DevX or any subsidiary
     of DevX), in each case as if such representation or warranty was made as of
     such time on or after the date of the Merger Agreement (except as to any
     representation or warranty made as of a specified date);

          (f) DevX has failed to perform, in any material respect, any
     obligation or to comply, in any material respect, with any agreement or
     covenant of DevX to be performed or complied with by it under the Merger
     Agreement; or

          (g) the Merger Agreement has been terminated in accordance with its
     terms.

     The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Purchaser, Holdings
and Comstock and may be asserted by Purchaser, Holdings or Comstock regardless
of the circumstances giving rise to any such condition or may be waived by
Purchaser, Holdings or Comstock in whole or in part at any time and from time to
time in their sole discretion. The failure by Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser at
any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights will not be deemed a waiver of
any such right; the waiver of any such right with respect to particular facts
and other circumstances will not be deemed a waiver with respect to any other
facts and circumstances; and each such right will be deemed an ongoing right
that may be asserted at any time and from time to time.

15.  CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS AND REGULATORY APPROVALS.

     General.  Based upon Purchaser's review of publicly available information
regarding DevX and the review of information furnished by DevX to Comstock and
discussions between representatives of Comstock and representatives of DevX (see
"Section 10. Background of the Offer; the Merger Agreement and Related
Agreements"), none of Purchaser, Holdings or Comstock is aware of (i) any
license or other regulatory permit that appears to be material to the business
of DevX or any of its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which might be adversely
affected by the acquisition of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer or (ii)
except as described below, of any approval or other action by any domestic
(federal or state) or foreign Governmental Authority that would be required
prior to the acquisition of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. Should
any such approval or other action be required, it is Purchaser's present
intention to seek such approval or action. Purchaser does not currently intend,
however, to delay the purchase of Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer pending
the outcome of any such action or the receipt of any such approval (subject to
Purchaser's right to decline to purchase Shares if any of the conditions in
"Section 14. Certain Conditions of the Offer" have occurred). There can be no
assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed, would be obtained
without substantial conditions or that adverse consequences might not result to
the business of DevX, Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser or that certain parts of
the business of DevX, Comstock, Holdings or Purchaser might not have to be
disposed of or held separate or other substantial conditions complied with in
order to obtain such approval or other action or in the event that such approval
was not obtained or such other action was not taken. Purchaser's obligation
under the Offer to accept for payment and pay for Shares is subject to certain
conditions, including conditions relating to the legal matters discussed in this
"Section 15.

Certain Legal Matters and Regulatory Approvals." See "Section 14. Certain
Conditions of the Offer" for certain conditions of the Offer.

     State Takeover Laws.  DevX is incorporated under the laws of the State of
Delaware. In general, Section 203 of the Delaware Law prevents an "interested
stockholder" (generally a person who owns or has the right to acquire 15% or
more of a corporation's outstanding voting stock, or an affiliate or associate
thereof) from engaging in a "business combination" (defined to include mergers
and certain other transactions) with a Delaware corporation for a period of
three years following the date such person became an interested stockholder
unless, among other things, prior to such date the board of directors of the
corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction in which
the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder. On November 4,
2001, prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Board approved the
Merger Agreement, determined that each of the Offer and the Merger is fair to,
and in the best interest of, the stockholders of DevX. Accordingly, Section 203
is inapplicable to the Offer and the Merger.

     A number of other states have adopted laws and regulations applicable to
attempts to acquire securities of corporations which are incorporated, or have
substantial assets, stockholders, principal executive offices or principal
places of business, or whose business operations otherwise have substantial
economic effects, in such states. In Edgar v. MITE Corp., the Supreme Court of
the United States invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois Business
Takeover Statute, which, as a matter of state securities law, made takeovers of
corporations meeting certain requirements more difficult. However, in 1987, in
CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of America, the Supreme Court of the United States
held that the State of Indiana may, as a matter of corporate law and, in
particular, with respect to those aspects of corporate law concerning corporate
governance, constitutionally disqualify a potential acquiror from voting on the
affairs of a target corporation without the prior approval of the remaining
stockholders. The state law before the Supreme Court was by its terms applicable
only to corporations that had a substantial number of stockholders in the state
and were incorporated there.

     DevX, directly or through its subsidiaries, conducts business in a number
of states throughout the United States, some of which have enacted takeover
laws. Purchaser does not know whether any of these laws will, by their terms,
apply to the Offer or the Merger and it has not complied with any such laws.
Should any person seek to apply any state takeover law, Purchaser will take such
action as then appears desirable, which may include challenging the validity or
applicability of any such statute in appropriate court proceedings. In the event
it is asserted that one or more state takeover laws is applicable to the Offer
or the Merger, and an appropriate court does not determine that it is
inapplicable or invalid as applied to the Offer, Purchaser might be required to
file information with, or receive approvals from, the relevant state
authorities. In addition, if enjoined, Purchaser might be unable to accept for
payment any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, or be delayed in continuing
or consummating the Offer, and the Merger. In such case, Purchaser may not be
obligated to accept for payment any Shares tendered. See "Section 14. Certain
Conditions of the Offer."

     Antitrust Compliance.  Comstock, Holdings, Purchaser and DevX believe that
the Offer and the Merger may be consummated without notification being given or
information being furnished to the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") or the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division")
pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended
(the "HSR Act"), and that no waiting period requirements under the HSR Act are
applicable to the Offer or the Merger. At any time, however, before or after the
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the FTC or the Antitrust Division
could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the purchase of
Shares pursuant to the Offer or seeking the divestiture of Shares purchased by
Purchaser or the divestiture of substantial assets of Comstock, DevX or their
respective subsidiaries. Private parties and state attorneys general may also
bring legal action under federal or state antitrust laws under certain
circumstances. Based upon an examination of information available to Comstock
relating to the businesses in which Comstock, DevX and their respective
subsidiaries are engaged, Comstock, Holdings and Purchaser believe that the
Offer will not violate the antitrust laws. Nevertheless, there can be no
assurance that a challenge to the Offer on antitrust grounds will not be made
or, if such a challenge is made,

what the result would be. See "Section 14. Certain Conditions of the Offer" for
certain conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to
litigation.

16.  FEES AND EXPENSES.

     Except as set forth below, Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions
to any broker, dealer or other person for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant
to the Offer.

     Purchaser, Holdings and Comstock have retained Innisfree M&A Incorporated
as the Information Agent, and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company as the
Depositary, in connection with the Offer and the Merger. The Information Agent
may contact holders of Shares by mail, telephone, telex, telecopy, telegraph and
personal interview and may request banks, brokers, dealers and other nominee
stockholders to forward materials relating to the Offer to beneficial owners of
Shares. As compensation for acting as Information Agent in connection with the
Offer and the Merger, Purchaser will pay the Information Agent reasonable and
customary compensation for its services in connection with the Offer and the
Merger, plus reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses, and will indemnify the
Information Agent against certain liabilities and expenses in connection
therewith, including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.

     Purchaser will pay the Depositary reasonable and customary compensation for
its services in connection with the Offer, plus reimbursement for out-of-pocket
expenses, and will indemnify the Depositary against certain liabilities and
expenses in connection therewith, including under federal securities laws.
Brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies will be reimbursed by
Purchaser for customary handling and mailing expenses incurred by them in
forwarding material to their customers.

17.  MISCELLANEOUS.

     The Offer is being made solely by this Offer to Purchase and the related
Letter of Transmittal and is being made to holders of Shares. Purchaser is not
aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the Offer or the acceptance of
Shares pursuant thereto is prohibited by any administrative or judicial action
or by any valid state statute. If Purchaser becomes aware of any valid state
statute prohibiting the making of the Offer or the acceptance of Shares pursuant
thereto, Purchaser will make a good faith effort to comply with any such state
statute. If, after such good faith effort, Purchaser cannot comply with any such
state statute, the Offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted from
or on behalf of) the holders of Shares in such state. In any jurisdiction where
the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a
licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of
Purchaser by the one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the
laws of such jurisdiction.

     Purchaser has not authorized any person to give any information or make any
representation on its behalf not contained in this Offer to Purchase or in the
Letter of Transmittal, and if given or made, holders of Shares should not rely
on such information or representation as having been authorized.

     Pursuant to Rule 14d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
Exchange Act, Comstock, Holdings and Purchaser have filed with the Commission
the Schedule TO, together with exhibits, furnishing certain additional
information with respect to the Offer. The Schedule TO and any amendments
thereto, including exhibits, may be inspected at, and copies may be obtained
from, the same places and in the same manner as set forth in "Section 11.
Certain Information Concerning DevX" (except that they will not be available at
the regional offices of the Commission).

                                          COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.

Dated: November 15, 2001

                                   SCHEDULE I

          INFORMATION CONCERNING THE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
                      OF COMSTOCK, HOLDINGS AND PURCHASER

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF COMSTOCK

     The following table sets forth the name and present principal occupation or
employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments and
business addresses thereof for the past five years of each director and
executive officer of Comstock. The current business address of each person is
c/o Comstock Resources, Inc., 5300 Town and Country Blvd., Suite 500, Frisco,
Texas 75034. Each such person is a citizen of the United States of America.

                                                                         MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD
NAME                      POSITIONS AND OFFICES HELD WITH COMSTOCK      DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- ----                      ----------------------------------------      --------------------------

M. Jay Allison            President, Chief Executive Officer and    Director of Comstock since 1987,
                          Chairman of the Board of Directors        President and Chief Executive
                                                                    Officer of Comstock since 1988 and
                                                                    Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                                                    of Comstock since 1997.
Roland O. Burns           Director, Senior Vice President, Chief    Director of Comstock since 1999
                          Financial Officer, Secretary and          and Senior Vice President of
                          Treasurer                                 Comstock since 1994.
Cecil E. Martin, Jr.      Director                                  Director of Comstock since 1988.
                                                                    An independent commercial real
                                                                    estate developer since 1991.
David W. Sledge           Director                                  Director of Comstock since 1996.
                                                                    An investor in oil and gas
                                                                    activities since 1996.
David K. Lockett          Director                                  Director of Comstock since July
                                                                    2001. Employed by Dell Computer
                                                                    Corporation since 1991, and
                                                                    currently serves as a vice
                                                                    president and head of its Small
                                                                    and Medium Business Group.

                                       I-1

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF HOLDINGS

     The following table sets forth the name and present principal occupation or
employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments and
business addresses thereof for the past five years of each director and
executive officer of Holdings. The current business address of each person is
c/o Comstock Resources, Inc., 5300 Town and Country Blvd., Suite 500, Frisco,
Texas 75034. Each such person is a citizen of the United States of America.

                                                                         MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD
NAME                      POSITIONS AND OFFICES HELD WITH HOLDINGS      DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- ----                      ----------------------------------------      --------------------------

M. Jay Allison            President and Director                    Director of Comstock since 1987,
                                                                    President and Chief Executive
                                                                    Officer of Comstock since 1988 and
                                                                    Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                                                    of Comstock since 1997. Director
                                                                    and President of Holdings since
                                                                    November 5, 2001.
Roland O. Burns           Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer   Director of Comstock since 1999
                          and Director                              and Senior Vice President of
                                                                    Comstock since 1994. Director and
                                                                    Vice President, Secretary and
                                                                    Treasurer of Holdings since
                                                                    November 5, 2001.

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PURCHASER

     The following table sets forth the name and present principal occupation or
employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments and
business addresses thereof for the past five years of each director and
executive officer of Purchaser. The current business address of each person is
c/o Comstock Resources, Inc., 5300 Town and Country Blvd., Suite 500, Frisco,
Texas 75034. Each such person is a citizen of the United States of America.

                                                                          MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD
NAME                      POSITIONS AND OFFICES HELD WITH PURCHASER      DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- ----                      -----------------------------------------      --------------------------

M. Jay Allison            President and Director                     Director of Comstock since 1987,
                                                                     President and Chief Executive
                                                                     Officer of Comstock since 1988 and
                                                                     Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                                                     of Comstock since 1997. Director
                                                                     and President of Purchaser since
                                                                     November 5, 2001.
Roland O. Burns           Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer    Director of Comstock since 1999
                          and Director                               and Senior Vice President of
                                                                     Comstock since 1994. Director and
                                                                     Vice President, Secretary and
                                                                     Treasurer of Purchaser since
                                                                     November 5, 2001.

                                       I-2

     The Letter of Transmittal, manually signed, and certificates evidencing
Shares and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each
stockholder or such stockholder's broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company
or other nominee to the Depositary at its address set forth below

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

             By First Class Mail, by Overnight Courier or by Hand:
                    American Stock Transfer & Trust Company
                                 59 Maiden Lane
                               New York, NY 10038

                           By Facsimile Transmission
                        for Eligible Institutions only:
                                 (718) 234-5001

                             Confirm by Telephone:
                                 (718) 921-8200

     Questions or requests for assistance may be directed to the Information
Agent at its address and telephone number listed below. Additional copies of
this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery may be obtained from the Information Agent. A stockholder may also
contact brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies for assistance
concerning the Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                                [INNISFREE LOGO]
                         501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor
                               New York, NY 10022
                         Call Toll Free: (888) 750-5834
                 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 750-5833

EX-99.(A)(2)

d92258ex99-a2.txt

FORM OF LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                                                                  EXHIBIT (a)(2)

                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
                        TO TENDER SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                               DEVX ENERGY, INC.
                                       AT
                              $7.32 NET PER SHARE

                       PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
                            DATED NOVEMBER 15, 2001

                                       BY

                           COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.,
                     AN INDIRECT WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                            COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.

    THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
    CITY TIME, ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:
                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

             By First Class Mail, by Overnight Courier or by Hand:
                    American Stock Transfer & Trust Company
                                 59 Maiden Lane
                               New York, NY 10038

                           By Facsimile Transmission
                        for Eligible Institutions only:
                                 (718) 234-5001

                             Confirm by Telephone:
                                 (718) 921-8200

    DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS, OTHER THAN AS SET
               FORTH ABOVE, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.

       THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE
         READ CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF REGISTERED
                 HOLDER(S)
  (PLEASE FILL IN, IF BLANK, EXACTLY AS
               NAME(S) APPEAR                        SHARE CERTIFICATE(S) AND SHARE(S) TENDERED
         ON SHARE CERTIFICATE(S))                      (ATTACH ADDITIONAL LIST IF NECESSARY)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 SHARE            TOTAL NUMBER OF          NUMBER OF
                                              CERTIFICATE      SHARES REPRESENTED BY         SHARES
                                               NUMBER(S)*         CERTIFICATE(S)*          TENDERED**

                                              TOTAL SHARES
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  * Need not be completed by stockholders tendering by book-entry transfer.
 ** Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares represented by any certificates
    delivered to the Depositary are being tendered. See Instruction 4.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by stockholders of DevX
Energy, Inc. either if certificates evidencing Shares (as defined below) are to
be forwarded herewith or if delivery of Shares is to be made by book-entry
transfer to an account maintained by the Depositary at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility (as defined in "Section 2. Acceptance for Payment and Payment for
Shares" of the Offer to Purchase and pursuant to the procedures set forth in
"Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares" of the
Offer to Purchase). Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

     Stockholders whose certificates evidencing Shares ("Share Certificates")
are not immediately available or who cannot deliver their Share Certificates and
all other documents required hereby to the Depositary prior to the Expiration
Date (as defined in "Section 1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date" of the
Offer to Purchase) or who cannot complete the procedure for delivery by
book-entry transfer on a timely basis and who wish to tender their Shares must
do so pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure described in "Section 3.
Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares" of the Offer to
Purchase. See Instruction 2.

[ ]CHECK HERE IF SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO THE
   DEPOSITARY'S ACCOUNT AT THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE
   FOLLOWING:

   Name of Tendering Institution:

   Account Number:

   Transaction Code Number:

[ ]CHECK HERE IF SHARES ARE BEING TENDERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED
   DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

   Name(s) of Registered Holder(s):

   Window Ticket No. (if any):

   Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:

   Name of Institution that Guaranteed Delivery:

   If delivery is by book-entry transfer, give the following information:

   Account Number:

   Transaction Code Number:

     NOTE:  YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE SPACE
BELOW AND COMPLETE THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW. PLEASE READ THE
ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to Comstock Acquisition Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, which, in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Comstock Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation, the above-described shares of
common stock, par value $0.234 per share ("Shares"), of DevX Energy, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("DevX"), pursuant to Purchaser's offer to purchase all the
issued and outstanding Shares at $7.32 per Share, net to the seller in cash,
without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions described in the
Offer to Purchase dated November 15, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, and in this Letter of Transmittal (which, together
with the Offer to Purchase and any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto,
collectively constitute the "Offer"). The undersigned understands that Purchaser
reserves the right to transfer or assign, in whole or from time to time in part,
to one or more of its affiliates, the right to purchase all or any portion of
the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer.

     Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer
is extended or amended, the terms of any such extension or amendment), and
subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment of Shares tendered
herewith, in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the undersigned hereby
sells, assigns and

transfers to or upon the order of Purchaser all right, title and interest in and
to all Shares that are being tendered hereby and all dividends, distributions
(including, without limitation, distributions of additional Shares) and rights
declared, paid or distributed in respect of such Shares on or after November 12,
2001 (collectively, "Distributions") and irrevocably appoints the Depositary the
true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the undersigned with respect to
such Shares (and all Distributions), with full power of substitution (such power
of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest),
to (i) deliver Share Certificates evidencing such Shares (and all
Distributions), or transfer ownership of such Shares (and all Distributions) on
the account books maintained by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, together, in
either case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity, to or
upon the order of Purchaser, (ii) present such Shares (and all Distributions)
for transfer on the books of DevX and (iii) receive all benefits and otherwise
exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such Shares (and all
Distributions), all in accordance with the terms of the Offer.

     By executing this Letter of Transmittal, the undersigned hereby irrevocably
appoints M. Jay Allison and Roland O. Burns, and each of them, as the attorneys
and proxies of the undersigned, each with full power of substitution, to vote in
such manner as each such attorney and proxy or his substitute, in his sole
discretion, deems proper and otherwise act (by written consent or otherwise)
with respect to all Shares tendered hereby which have been accepted for payment
by Purchaser prior to the time of such vote or other action and all Shares and
other securities issued in Distributions in respect of such Shares, which the
undersigned is entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders of DevX (whether
annual or special and whether or not an adjourned or postponed meeting) or
consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise. This proxy and power of
attorney is coupled with an interest in Shares tendered hereby, is irrevocable
and is granted in consideration of, and is effective upon, the acceptance for
payment of such Shares by Purchaser in accordance with other terms of the Offer.
Such acceptance for payment will revoke all other proxies and powers of attorney
granted by the undersigned at any time with respect to such Shares (and all
Shares and other securities issued in Distributions in respect of such Shares),
and no subsequent proxies, powers of attorney, consents or revocations may be
given by the undersigned with respect thereto (and if given will not be deemed
effective). The undersigned understands that, in order for Shares or
Distributions to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon Purchaser's
acceptance of such Shares for payment, Purchaser must be able to exercise full
voting and other rights with respect to such Shares (and any and all
Distributions), including, without limitation, voting at any meeting of DevX's
stockholders then scheduled.

     The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has
full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer Shares tendered
hereby and all Distributions, that when such Shares are accepted for payment by
Purchaser, Purchaser will acquire good, marketable and unencumbered title
thereto and to all Distributions, free and clear of all liens, restrictions,
charges and encumbrances, and that none of such Shares and Distributions will be
subject to any adverse claim. The undersigned, upon request, will execute and
deliver all additional documents deemed by the Depositary or Purchaser to be
necessary or desirable to complete the sale, assignment and transfer of Shares
tendered hereby and all Distributions. In addition, the undersigned will remit
and transfer promptly to the Depositary for the account of Purchaser all
Distributions in respect of Shares tendered hereby, accompanied by appropriate
documentation of transfer, and pending such remittance and transfer or
appropriate assurance thereof, Purchaser will be entitled to all rights and
privileges as owner of each such Distribution and may withhold the entire
purchase price of Shares tendered hereby, or deduct from such purchase price,
the amount or value of such Distribution as determined by Purchaser in its sole
discretion.

     No authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred will be affected
by, and all such authority will survive, the death or incapacity of the
undersigned. All obligations of the undersigned hereunder will be binding upon
the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of the undersigned.
Except as stated in the Offer to Purchase, this tender is irrevocable.

     The undersigned understands that the valid tender of Shares pursuant to any
one of the procedures described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the
Offer and Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase and in the Instructions
hereto will constitute the undersigned's acceptance of the terms and conditions
of the Offer. Purchaser's acceptance of such Shares for payment will constitute
a binding agreement between the undersigned and Purchaser upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer is extended or amended,
the terms or conditions of any such extension or amendment).

     Unless otherwise indicated below in the box entitled "Special Payment
Instructions," please issue the check for the purchase price of all Shares
purchased and return all Share Certificates evidencing Shares not tendered or
not accepted for payment in the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appearing
above under "Description of Shares Tendered." Similarly, unless otherwise
indicated below in the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions," please mail
the check for the purchase price of all Shares purchased and return all Share
Certificates evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment (and
accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the address(es) of the registered
holder(s) appearing above under "Description of Shares Tendered" on the cover
page hereof. In the event that the boxes on page 5 hereof entitled "Special
Payment Instructions" and "Special Delivery Instructions" are both completed,
please issue the check for the purchase price of all Shares purchased and return
all Share Certificates evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for
payment in the name(s) of, and deliver such check and return such Share
Certificates (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to, the person(s)
so indicated. Unless otherwise indicated below in the box entitled "Special
Payment Instructions," please credit any Shares tendered hereby and delivered by
book-entry transfer that are not accepted for payment by crediting the account
at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above. The undersigned recognizes
that Purchaser has no obligation, pursuant to the Special Payment Instructions,
to transfer any Shares from the name of the registered holder(s) thereof if
Purchaser does not accept for payment any Shares tendered hereby.

                          SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

     To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of Shares
purchased or Share Certificates not tendered or not purchased are to be issued
in the name of someone other than the undersigned.

Issue  [ ] check
       [ ] certificates to:

Name  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (Please Print)

Address ------------------------------------------------------------------------
        ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                      (Zip Code)

        ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 (Taxpayer Identification No.)

                         SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

     To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of Shares
purchased or Share Certificates not tendered or not purchased are to be mailed
to someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned at an address other
than that shown below the undersigned's signature(s).

Issue  [ ] check
       [ ] certificates to:

Name  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (Please Print)

Address ------------------------------------------------------------------------
        ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                      (Zip Code)

        ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 (Taxpayer Identification No.)

                                   SIGN HERE
                  (PLEASE COMPLETE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 BELOW)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           SIGNATURE(S) OF HOLDER(S)

Dated
- ---------------------------------------------, 200
- ---

(MUST BE SIGNED BY REGISTERED HOLDER(S) EXACTLY AS NAME(S) APPEAR ON SHARE
CERTIFICATES OR ON A SECURITY POSITION LISTING BY PERSON(S) AUTHORIZED TO BECOME
REGISTERED HOLDER(S) BY CERTIFICATES AND DOCUMENTS TRANSMITTED HEREWITH. IF
SIGNATURE IS BY A TRUSTEE, EXECUTOR, ADMINISTRATOR, GUARDIAN, ATTORNEY-IN-FACT,
OFFICER OF A CORPORATION OR OTHER PERSON ACTING IN A FIDUCIARY CAPACITY, PLEASE
PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION AND SEE INSTRUCTION 5.)

Name(s) ------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             (PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT)

Capacity (full title) ----------------------------------------------------------

Address ------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

Daytime Area Code and Telephone Number -----------------------------------------

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security
Number ----------------------------------------
                      (See Substitute W-9 on Reverse Side)

                           GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
                           (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1 AND 5)

                    FOR USE BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ONLY.
        FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS: PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN SPACE BELOW

Name of Firm -------------------------------------------------------------------

Authorized Signature -----------------------------------------------------------

Address ------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Area Code and Telephone Number -------------------------------------------------

Dated
- ------------------------------, 200
- ---

                                  INSTRUCTIONS

             FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     1. Guarantee of Signatures.  All signatures on this Letter of Transmittal
must be guaranteed by a firm which is a member of the Security Transfer Agent
Medallion Signature Program, or by any other "eligible guarantor institution,"
as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (each of the foregoing being an "Eligible
Institution") unless (i) this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered
holder(s) of Shares (which term, for purposes of this document, will include any
participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility whose name appears on a security
position listing as the owner of Shares) tendered hereby and such holder(s) has
(have) not completed the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" or "Special
Delivery Instructions" on page 5 hereof or (ii) such Shares are tendered for the
account of an Eligible Institution. See Instruction 5.

     2. Delivery of Letter of Transmittal and Share Certificates.  This Letter
of Transmittal is to be used either if Share Certificates are to be forwarded
herewith or if tenders are to be made pursuant to the procedures for tenders by
book-entry transfer pursuant to the procedure set forth in "Section 3.
Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares" of the Offer to
Purchase. Share Certificates evidencing all physically tendered Shares, or a
confirmation of a book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility of all Shares delivered by book-entry transfer, as
well as a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal and any
other documents required by this Letter of Transmittal, must be received by the
Depositary at its address set forth below prior to the Expiration Date (as
defined in "Section 1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date" of the Offer to
Purchase). If Share Certificates are forwarded to the Depositary in multiple
deliveries, a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal must
accompany each such delivery. Stockholders whose Share Certificates are not
immediately available, who cannot deliver their Share Certificates and all other
required documents to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date or who cannot
complete the procedure for delivery by book-entry transfer on a timely basis may
tender their Shares pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure described in
"Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares" of the
Offer to Purchase. Pursuant to such procedure: (i) such tender must be made by
or through an Eligible Institution; (ii) a properly completed and duly executed
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form made available by
Purchaser, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date; and
(iii) the Share Certificates evidencing all physically delivered Shares in
proper form for transfer by delivery, or a confirmation of a book-entry transfer
into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility of all Shares
delivered by book-entry transfer, in each case together with a Letter of
Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature
guarantees (or in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as
defined in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares"
of the Offer to Purchase)) and any other documents required by this Letter of
Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary within three Nasdaq National
Market trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery, all as described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and
Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase.

     THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, SHARE CERTIFICATES
AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER FACILITY, IS AT THE OPTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER, AND
THE DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY.
IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, PROPERLY
INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO
ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

     No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted and no
fractional Shares will be purchased. By execution of this Letter of Transmittal,
all tendering stockholders waive any right to receive any notice of the
acceptance of their Shares for payment.

     3. Inadequate Space.  If the space provided on the cover page hereof under
"Description of Shares Tendered" is inadequate, the Share Certificate numbers,
the number of Shares evidenced by such Share Certificates and the number of
Shares tendered should be listed on a separate signed schedule and attached
hereto.

     4. Partial Tenders (not applicable to stockholders who tender by book-entry
transfer).  If fewer than all Shares evidenced by any Share Certificate
delivered to the Depositary herewith are to be tendered hereby, fill in the
number of Shares that are to be tendered in the box entitled "Number of Shares
Tendered." In such cases, new Share Certificate(s) evidencing the remainder of
Shares that were evidenced by the Share Certificates delivered to the Depositary
herewith will be sent to the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal,
unless otherwise provided in the box entitled "Special Delivery Instructions" on
page 5 hereof, as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date or the
termination of the Offer. All Shares evidenced by Share Certificates delivered
to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise
indicated.

     5. Signatures on Letter of Transmittal; Stock Powers and Endorsements.  If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of Shares
tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on
the face of the Share Certificates evidencing such Shares without alteration,
enlargement or any other change whatsoever.

     If any Shares tendered hereby are held of record by two or more persons,
all such persons must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

     If any Shares tendered hereby are registered in different names, it will be
necessary to complete, sign and submit as many separate Letters of Transmittal
as there are different registrations of such Shares.

     If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of
Shares tendered hereby, no endorsements of Share Certificates or separate stock
powers are required, unless payment is to be made to, or Share Certificates
evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be issued in
the name of, a person other than the registered holder(s). If the Letter of
Transmittal is signed by a person other than the registered holder(s) of the
Share Certificate(s) evidencing Shares tendered, the Share Certificate(s)
tendered hereby must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in
either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear(s)
on such Share Certificate(s). Signatures on such Share Certificate(s) and stock
powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

     If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered holder(s) of Shares tendered hereby, the Share Certificate(s)
evidencing Shares tendered hereby must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate
stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered
holder(s) appear(s) on such Share Certificate(s). Signatures on such Share
Certificate(s) and stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

     If this Letter of Transmittal or any Share Certificate or stock power is
signed by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact,
officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative
capacity, such person should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence
satisfactory to Purchaser of such persons authority so to act must be submitted.

     6. Stock Transfer Taxes.  Except as otherwise provided in this Instruction
6, Purchaser will pay all stock transfer taxes with respect to the sale and
transfer of any Shares to it or its order pursuant to the Offer. If, however,
payment of the purchase price of any Shares purchased is to be made to, or Share
Certificate(s) evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to
be issued in the name of, any person other than the registered holder(s) or if
tendered certificates are registered in the name of any person other than the
person(s) signing the Letter of Transmittal, the amount of any stock transfer
taxes (whether imposed on the registered holder(s), or such other person, or
otherwise) payable on account of the transfer to such other person will be
deducted from the purchase price of such Shares purchased, unless evidence
satisfactory to Purchaser of the payment of such taxes, or exemption therefrom,
is submitted.

     Except as provided in this Instruction 6, it will not be necessary for
transfer tax stamps to be affixed to the Share Certificates evidencing Shares
tendered hereby.

     7. Special Payment and Delivery Instructions.  If a check for the purchase
price of any Shares tendered hereby is to be issued in the name of, and/or Share
Certificate(s) evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to
be issued in the name of and/or returned to, a person other than the person(s)
signing this Letter of Transmittal or if such check or any such Share
Certificate is to be sent to a person other than the signor of this Letter of
Transmittal or to the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal but at an

address other than that shown in the box entitled "Description of Shares
Tendered" on the cover page hereof, the appropriate boxes herein must be
completed.

     8. Questions and Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies.  Questions
and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information Agent at its
address or telephone number set forth below. Additional copies of the Offer to
Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
Form W-9 may be obtained from the Information Agent.

     9. Substitute Form W-9.  Each tendering stockholder is required to provide
the Depositary with a correct Taxpayer Identification Number ("TIN") on the
Substitute Form W-9 which is provided under "Important Tax Information" below,
and to certify, under penalty of perjury, that such number is correct and that
such stockholder is not subject to backup withholding of federal income tax. If
a tendering stockholder has been notified by the Internal Revenue Service that
such stockholder is subject to backup withholding, such stockholder must cross
out item (2) of the Certification box of the Substitute Form W-9, unless such
stockholder has since been notified by the Internal Revenue Service that such
stockholder is no longer subject to backup withholding. Failure to provide the
information on the Substitute Form W-9 may subject the tendering stockholder to
30.5% (or, if the Expiration Date occurs after December 31, 2001, 30%) federal
income tax withholding on the payment of the purchase price of all Shares
purchased from such stockholder. If the tendering stockholder has not been
issued a TIN and has applied for one or intends to apply for one in the near
future, such stockholder should write "Applied For" in the space provided for
the TIN in Part I of the Substitute Form W-9, and sign and date the Substitute
Form W-9. If "Applied For" is written in Part I and the Depositary is not
provided with a TIN within 60 days, the Depositary will withhold 30.5% (or, if
the Expiration Date occurs after December 31, 2001, 30%) a portion of all
payments of the purchase price to such stockholder until a TIN is provided to
the Depositary.

     Certain stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain
foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding.
Noncorporate foreign stockholders should submit an appropriate and properly
completed Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, a copy of which may be obtained
from the Depositary, in order to avoid backup withholding. See the enclosed
"Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
Form W-9" for more instructions.

     IMPORTANT:  THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, PROPERLY COMPLETED AND DULY
EXECUTED (TOGETHER WITH ANY REQUIRED SIGNATURE GUARANTEES (OR, IN THE CASE OF A
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, AN AGENT'S MESSAGE) AND SHARE CERTIFICATES OR CONFIRMATION
OF BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS) OR A PROPERLY COMPLETED
AND DULY EXECUTED NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE
DEPOSITARY PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE).

                           IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION

     Under U.S. federal income tax law, a stockholder whose tendered Shares are
accepted for payment is generally required to provide the Depositary (as payer)
with such stockholder's correct TIN on Substitute Form W-9 provided herewith. If
such stockholder is an individual, the TIN generally is such stockholder's
social security number. If the Depositary is not provided with the correct TIN,
the stockholder may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the Internal Revenue
Service and payments that are made to such stockholder with respect to Shares
purchased pursuant to the Offer may be subject to backup withholding of 30.5%
(or, if the Expiration Date occurs after December 31, 2001, 30%). In addition,
if a stockholder makes a false statement that results in no imposition of backup
withholding, and there was no reasonable basis for making such statement, a $500
penalty may also be imposed by the Internal Revenue Service.

     Certain stockholders (including, among others, corporations and certain
foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and reporting
requirements. In order for a foreign individual to qualify as an exempt
recipient, such individual must submit a statement (Internal Revenue Service
Form W-8BEN), signed under penalties of perjury, attesting to such individual's
exempt status. Forms of such statements can be obtained from the Depositary.
Exempt stockholders, other than foreign stockholders, should furnish their

TIN, write "Exempt" in Part II of the Substitute Form W-9 and sign, date and
return the Substitute Form W-9 to the Depositary. See the enclosed "Guidelines
for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9" for
additional instructions. A stockholder should consult his or her tax advisor as
to such stockholder's qualification for exemption from backup withholding and
the procedure for obtaining such exemption.

     If backup withholding applies, the Depositary is required to withhold 30.5%
(or, if the Expiration Date occurs after December 31, 2001, 30%) of any payments
made to the stockholder. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather,
the federal income tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding will
be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in an
overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained provided that the required
information is furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

PURPOSE OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

     To prevent backup withholding on payments that are made to a stockholder
with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the stockholder is
required to notify the Depositary of such stockholder's correct TIN by
completing the form below certifying that (a) the TIN provided on Substitute
Form W-9 is correct (or that such stockholder is awaiting a TIN), and (b)(i)
such stockholder has not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service that he
is subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest
or dividends or (ii) the Internal Revenue Service has notified such stockholder
that such stockholder is no longer subject to backup withholding.

WHAT NUMBER TO GIVE THE DEPOSITARY

     The stockholder is required to give the Depositary the TIN (e.g., social
security number or employer identification number) of the record holder of
Shares tendered hereby. If Shares are in more than one name or are not in the
name of the actual owner, consult the enclosed "Guidelines for Certification of
Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9" for additional guidance
on which number to report. If the tendering stockholder has not been issued a
TIN and has applied for a number or intends to apply for a number in the near
future, the stockholder should write "Applied For" in the space provided for the
TIN in Part I, and sign and date the Substitute Form W-9. If "Applied For" is
written in Part I and the Depositary is not provided with a TIN within 60 days,
the Depositary will withhold 30.5% (or, if the Expiration Date occurs after
December 31, 2001, 30%) of all payments of the purchase price to such
stockholder until a TIN is provided to the Depositary.

             PAYER'S NAME: AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

 SUBSTITUTE                         PART I -- Taxpayer Identification      ------------------------------
 FORM W-9                           Number -- Enter your taxpayer          Social security number
 DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY         identification number in the           OR
 INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE           appropriate box. For most             ------------------------------
 Payer's Request for                individuals, this is your social       Employer identification number
 Taxpayer Identification Number     security number. If you do not have a  (If awaiting TIN write
 ("TIN")                            number, see "Obtaining a Number" in    "Applied For")
                                    the enclosed Guidelines. Certify by
                                    signing and dating below.
                                    Note: if the account is in more than
                                    one name, check in the enclosed
                                    Guidelines for guidelines on which
                                    number to give the payer.
                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    PART II -- For Payers Exempt from Backup Withholding, see the enclosed
                                    Guidelines and complete as instructed therein.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 CERTIFICATION -- Under penalties of perjury, I certify that:

 (1) The number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number
     (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me), and

 (2) I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from
     backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal
     Revenue Service (the "IRS") that I am subject to back-up withholding as a
     result of failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has
     notified me that I am no longer subject to back-up withholding.

 CERTIFICATE INSTRUCTIONS -- You must cross out item (2) above if you have been
 notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding
 because of underreporting interest or dividends on your tax return. However,
 if after being notified by the IRS that you were subject to backup withholding
 you received another notification from the IRS that you are no longer subject
 to backup withholding, do not cross out item (2). (Also see instructions in
 the enclosed Guidelines.)

 Signature
- ------------------------------------------------------------                Date
- --------------------------, 200
- -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING
      OF 30.5% (OR, IF THE EXPIRATION DATE OCCURS AFTER DECEMBER 31, 2001, 30%)
      OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THIS OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE
      ENCLOSED "GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER
      ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9" FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

NOTE: YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU ARE AWAITING (OR WILL
      SOON APPLY FOR) A TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER.

             CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

     I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number
has not been issued to me, and either (i) I have mailed or delivered an
application to receive a taxpayer to receive a taxpayer identification number to
the appropriate Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security
Administration office or (2) I intend to mail or deliver an application in the
near future. I understand that if I do not provide a Taxpayer Identification
Number by the time of payment, 30.5% (or, if the Expiration Date occurs after
December 31, 2001, 30%) of all reportable cash payments made to me thereafter
will be withheld until I provide a Taxpayer Identification Number.

                                        Signature
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Date
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------,

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Facsimiles of the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly
signed, will be accepted. The Letter of Transmittal and Share Certificates and
any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each stockholder or
such stockholder's broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other
nominee to the Depositary at its address or to the facsimile number set forth
below:

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

             By First Class Mail, by Overnight Courier or by Hand:
                    American Stock Transfer & Trust Company
                                 59 Maiden Lane
                               New York, NY 10038

                           By Facsimile Transmission
                        for Eligible Institutions only:
                                 (718) 234-5001

                             Confirm by Telephone:
                                 (718) 921-8200

     Questions or requests for assistance may be directed to the Information
Agent at its address and telephone numbers listed below. Additional copies of
the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery may be obtained from the Information Agent. A stockholder may also
contact brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies for assistance
concerning the Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                                [INNISFREE LOGO]
                         501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor
                               New York, NY 10022
                         Call Toll Free: (888) 750-5834
                 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 750-5833

EX-99.(A)(3)

d92258ex99-a3.txt

FORM OF NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                                                                  EXHIBIT (a)(3)

                         NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY
                                      FOR
                        TENDER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                               DEVX ENERGY, INC.
                                       TO
                           COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.,
                     AN INDIRECT WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                            COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.
                                       AT
                              $7.32 NET PER SHARE

                   (NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEES)

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
      TIME, ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or a form substantially equivalent
hereto, must be used to accept the Offer (as defined below) (i) if certificates
("Share Certificates"), evidencing shares of common stock, par value $0.234 per
share ("Shares"), of DevX Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation, are not
immediately available, (ii) if Share Certificates and all other required
documents cannot be delivered to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as
Depositary (the "Depositary"), prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in
"Section 1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date" of the Offer to Purchase (as
defined below)) or (iii) if the procedure for delivery by book-entry transfer
cannot be completed on a timely basis. This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be
delivered by hand or mail or transmitted by telegram, or facsimile transmission
to the Depositary. See "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and
Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase.

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

             By First Class Mail, by Overnight Courier or by Hand:
                    American Stock Transfer & Trust Company
                                 59 Maiden Lane
                               New York, NY 10038

                           By Facsimile Transmission
                        for Eligible Institutions only:
                                 (718) 234-5001

                             Confirm by Telephone:
                                 (718) 921-8200

     DELIVERY OF THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS
SET FORTH ABOVE, OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION
OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.

     Certificates representing Shares must be received by the Depositary within
three trading days after the date of the execution of this Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery.

     This form is not to be used to guarantee signatures. If a signature on a
Letter of Transmittal is required to be guaranteed by an "Eligible Institution"
under the instructions thereto, such signature guarantee must appear in the
applicable space provided in the signature box on the Letter of Transmittal.

     The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the
guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver the Letter of Transmittal and Share
Certificates to the Depositary within the time period set forth above. The
failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible Institution.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to Comstock Acquisition Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which, in turn, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock Resources,
Inc., a Nevada corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Offer to Purchase dated November 15, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase")
and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with the Offer to
Purchase and any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the
"Offer"), receipt of each of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of Shares
specified below pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in
"Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares" of the
Offer to Purchase.

     If the Offer is terminated, the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer will
be returned to the tendering holders promptly (or, in the case of tendered by
book-entry transfer, the book-entry transferred Shares will be credited to the
account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in "Section
2. Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares" of the Offer to Purchase and
pursuant to the procedures set forth in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the
Offer and Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase) from which the book-entry
tendered Shares were delivered).

     The undersigned understand(s) that payment by American Stock Transfer &
Trust Company, in its capacity as Depositary for the Shares tendered for payment
and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer, will be made only after timely
receipt by the Depositary of (1) Share Certificates evidencing Shares validly
tendered and not properly withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer and a
properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed
facsimile thereof) with respect to the Shares with any required signature
guarantees and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal or (2)
a book-entry confirmation of the transfer of the undersigned's Shares into the
Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility and a properly
transmitted Agent's Message (as defined in "Section 2. Acceptance for Payment
and Payment for Shares" of the Offer to Purchase).

     All authority conferred or agreed to be conferred by this Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery will not be affected by, and will survive, the death or
incapacity of the undersigned, and every obligation of the undersigned under
this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery will be binding on the heirs, executors,
administrators, trustees in bankruptcy, personal and legal representative,
successors and assigns of the undersigned.

Number of Shares: --------------------

Certificate Nos. (If Available): --------------------

[ ] Check this box if Shares will be delivered by book-entry transfer.

Name of Eligible Institution: --------------------

Account No.: --------------------

Names(s) of Record Holders:  --------------------

Street Address: --------------------

City, State and Zip Code: --------------------

Signature(s) of Holder(s): --------------------

Dated: ---------- , 200--

     This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery must be signed by the holder(s) exactly
as name(s) appear(s) on certificates for the Shares or, if tendered by a
participant in the Depository Trust Company, exactly as the participant's name
appears on the security position listing as the owner of the Shares, or by
person(s) authorized to become holder(s) by endorsements and documents
transmitted with the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. If signature is by a
trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a
corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity,
such persons must provide the following information:

                      PLEASE PRINT NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES)

Name(s) of Holders: ------------------------------------------------------------

Capacity: ----------------------------------------------------------------------

Street Address: ----------------------------------------------------------------

City, State and Zip Code: ------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: DO NOT SEND CERTIFICATES WITH THIS FORM. CERTIFICATES SHOULD BE SENT TO
THE DEPOSITARY TOGETHER WITH A PROPERLY COMPLETED AND DULY EXECUTED LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL.

                                   GUARANTEE
                    (NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEE)

     The undersigned, a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion
Program or an "eligible guarantor institution," as such term is defined in Rule
17 Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, guarantees to
delivery to the Depositary either certificates representing the Shares tendered
hereby, in proper form for transfer, or confirmation of book-entry transfer of
such Shares into the Depositary's account at The Depository Trust Company, in
each case with delivery of a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or
an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and any other
documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, all within three Nasdaq
National Market trading days after the date hereof.

- -----------------------------------------       -----------------------------------------
Name of Firm                                    Title
- -----------------------------------------       -----------------------------------------
Authorized Signature                            Address
Name: -----------------------------------       -----------------------------------------
       Please type or print                     Area Code and Telephone Number
Dated: --------------------------, 200 --

                DO NOT SEND SHARE CERTIFICATES WITH THIS NOTICE.
                  SHARE CERTIFICATES SHOULD BE SENT WITH YOUR
                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

EX-99.(A)(4)

d92258ex99-a4.txt

FORM OF LETTER TO BROKERS, DEALERS, COMMERCIAL BAN

                                                                  EXHIBIT (a)(4)

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                               DEVX ENERGY, INC.
                                       AT

                              $7.32 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                           COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.,
                     AN INDIRECT WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                            COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
      TIME, ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                                                               November 15, 2001

To Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
  Trust Companies and Other Nominees:

     Comstock Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Holdings"), which, in turn, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock
Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Comstock"), has offered to purchase all
the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.234 per share
("Shares"), of DevX Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("DevX"), for $7.32 per
Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions described in the Purchaser's Offer to Purchase dated November
15, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with the Offer to Purchase and any amendments or supplements thereto,
collectively constitute the "Offer") enclosed herewith. Please furnish copies of
the enclosed materials to those of your clients for whose accounts you hold
Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee.

     THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THERE HAVING BEEN
VALIDLY TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER AT LEAST
50% OF THE NUMBER OF THEN OUTSTANDING SHARES (INCLUDING ALL SHARES ISSUABLE UPON
THE EXERCISE OF OUTSTANDING OPTIONS OR OUTSTANDING WARRANTS (AS EACH SUCH TERM
IS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE), EACH AS OF THE BUSINESS DAY PRECEDING THE
INITIAL EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE)), PLUS ONE SHARE.
SEE "SECTION 1. TERMS OF THE OFFER; EXPIRATION DATE" AND "SECTION 14. CERTAIN
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER" OF THE OFFER TO PURCHASE, WHICH SETS FORTH IN FULL THE
CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER.

     For your information and for forwarding to your clients for whom you hold
Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, we are enclosing
the following documents:

          1. Offer to Purchase dated November 15, 2001;

          2. Letter of Transmittal for your use in accepting the Offer and
     tendering Shares and for the information of your clients;

          3. Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if the
     Shares and all other required documents are not immediately available or
     cannot be delivered to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the
     "Depositary") prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to
     Purchase) or if the procedure for book-entry transfer cannot be completed
     prior to the Expiration Date;

          4. A letter to stockholders of DevX from Joseph T. Williams, Chairman
     of the Board of DevX, together with a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement
     on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
     DevX;

          5. A letter that may be sent to your clients for whose accounts you
     hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, with
     space provided for obtaining such clients' instructions with regard to the
     Offer;

          6. Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
     Substitute Form W-9; and

          7. Return envelope addressed to the Depositary.

     WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. PLEASE NOTE
THAT THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME, ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     In all cases, Purchaser will pay for Shares tendered and accepted for
payment pursuant to the Offer only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i)
certificates evidencing such Shares or timely confirmation of a book-entry
transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), (ii) a Letter of Transmittal,
properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, in
the case of a book-entry transfer, or an Agent's Message (as defined in the
Offer to Purchase) and (iii) any other documents required under the Letter of
Transmittal.

     If holders of Shares wish to tender, but it is impracticable for them to
forward their certificates or other required documents prior to the expiration
of the Offer, a tender may be effected by following the guaranteed delivery
procedure described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the Offer and
Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase.

     Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker, dealer or
other person (other than the Depositary and Innisfree M&A Incorporation (the
"Information Agent"), as described in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with
the solicitation of tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. However, Purchaser
will reimburse you for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by you
in forwarding any of the enclosed materials to your clients. Purchaser will pay
or cause to be paid any stock transfer taxes payable with respect to the
transfer of Shares to it, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the
Letter of Transmittal.

     Any inquiries you may have with respect to the Offer should be addressed to
the Information Agent at its address and telephone number set forth on the back
cover page of the Offer to Purchase.

     Additional copies of the enclosed material may be obtained from the
Information Agent, at the address and telephone number set forth on the back
cover page of the Offer to Purchase.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.

     NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS WILL CONSTITUTE YOU
OR ANY OTHER PERSON THE AGENT OF COMSTOCK, HOLDINGS, PURCHASER, DEVX, THE
INFORMATION AGENT OR THE DEPOSITARY, OR OF ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY OF THE
FOREGOING, OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO USE ANY DOCUMENT OR TO MAKE
ANY STATEMENT ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER
OTHER THAN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS AND THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN.

EX-99.(A)(5)

d92258ex99-a5.txt

FORM OF LETTER TO CLIENTS

                                                                  EXHIBIT (a)(5)

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                               DEVX ENERGY, INC.
                                       AT

                              $7.32 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                           COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.,
                     AN INDIRECT WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                            COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
      TIME, ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                                                               November 15, 2001

To Our Clients:

     Enclosed for your consideration are the Offer to Purchase dated November
15, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with the Offer to Purchase and any amendments or supplements thereto,
collectively constitute the "Offer") in connection with the offer by Comstock
Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Comstock Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which, in turn,
is a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation,
to purchase all the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value
$0.234 per share ("Shares"), of DevX Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("DevX"), for $7.32 per Share (such amount, or any greater amount per Share paid
pursuant to the Offer, being the "Per Share Amount"), net to the seller in cash,
without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions described in the
Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal.

     WE ARE (OR OUR NOMINEE IS) THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF SHARES HELD FOR YOUR
ACCOUNT. A TENDER OF SUCH SHARES CAN BE MADE ONLY BY US AS THE HOLDER OF RECORD
AND PURSUANT TO YOUR INSTRUCTIONS. THE ENDORSED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS
FURNISHED TO YOU FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY AND CANNOT BE USED BY YOU TO TENDER
SHARES HELD BY US FOR YOUR ACCOUNT.

     We request instructions as to whether you wish to have us tender on your
behalf any or all Shares held by us for your account, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Offer.

     Your attention is invited to the following:

          1. The tender price is $7.32 per Share, net to you in cash, without
     interest.

          2. The Offer is being made for all the issued and outstanding Shares.

          3. The Board of Directors of DevX has determined that the Merger
     Agreement (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) and the transactions
     contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger (as defined in the
     Offer to Purchase), are fair to, and in the best interest of, the holders
     of Shares, has approved, adopted and declared advisable the Merger
     Agreement and the transactions contemplated

     thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, and has resolved to recommend
     that the holders of Shares accept the Offer and tender their Shares
     pursuant to the Offer.

          4. The Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New
     York City time, Thursday, December 13, 2001, unless the Offer is extended.

          5. The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there having
     been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the
     Offer at least 50% of the number of then outstanding Shares (including all
     Shares issuable upon the exercise of Outstanding Options or Outstanding
     Warrants (as each such term is defined in the Offer to Purchase), each as
     of the business day preceding the Initial Expiration Date (as defined in
     the Offer to Purchase)) plus one Share. The Offer is also subject to
     certain other conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase. See "Section
     1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date" and "Section 14. Certain Conditions
     of the Offer" of the Offer to Purchase, which set forth in full the
     conditions to the Offer.

          6. Tendering stockholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees
     or commissions or, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the
     Letter of Transmittal, stock transfer taxes with respect to the purchase of
     Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer.

     If you wish to have us tender any or all of your Shares, please so instruct
us by completing, executing and returning to us the instruction form contained
in this letter. An envelope in which to return your instructions to us is
enclosed. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be
tendered unless otherwise specified in your instructions. YOUR INSTRUCTIONS
SHOULD BE FORWARDED TO US IN AMPLE TIME TO PERMIT US TO SUBMIT A TENDER ON YOUR
BEHALF PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER.

     The Offer is being made solely by the Offer to Purchase and the related
Letter of Transmittal and is being made to holders of Shares. Purchaser is not
aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the Offer or the acceptance of
Shares pursuant thereto is prohibited by any administrative or judicial action
or by any valid state statute. If Purchaser becomes aware of any valid state
statute prohibiting the making of the Offer or the acceptance of Shares pursuant
thereto, Purchaser will make a good faith effort to comply with such state
statute. If, after such good faith effort, Purchaser cannot comply with such
state statute, the Offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted from
or on behalf of) the holders of Shares in such state. In any jurisdiction where
the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a
licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of
Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws
of such jurisdiction.

          INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                       OF
                               DEVX ENERGY, INC.
                                       BY
                           COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.

     The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter and the enclosed
Offer to Purchase dated November 15, 2001 and the related Letter of Transmittal
(which, together with the Offer to Purchaser and any amendments or supplements
thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer") in connection with the offer by
Comstock Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Comstock Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which, in turn, is a wholly
owned subsidiary of Comstock Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation, to purchase
all the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.234 per
share ("Shares"), of DevX Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for $7.32 per
Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions described in the Offer to Purchase and related Letter of
Transmittal.

     This will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below (or,
if no number is indicated below, all Shares) that are held by you for the
account of the undersigned, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
described in the Offer.

Number of Shares to be Tendered*: ----------------------------------------------

Date:
     --------------------------------------------------------------------, 200
                                                                              --

Signature(s):
              ------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please type or print name

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please type or print address

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Area Code and Telephone Number

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Taxpayer Identification Number or Social Security Number

* Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares held by us for
  your account are to be tendered.

EX-99.(A)(6)

d92258ex99-a6.txt

FORM OF GUIDELINES - CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER ID

                                                                  EXHIBIT (a)(6)

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

Guidelines for Determining the Proper Identification Number for the Payee (You)
to Give the Payer. Social Security numbers have nine digits separated by two
hyphens: i.e., 000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits
separated by only one hyphen: i.e., 00-0000000. The table below will help
determine the number to give the payer. All "Section" references are to the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. "IRS" is the Internal Revenue
Service.
- ---------------------------------------------------------
                       ---------------------------------------------------------

    FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:             GIVE THE
                                           SOCIAL
                                          SECURITY
                                        NUMBER OF --
- ---------------------------------------------------------
        FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:  GIVE THE EMPLOYER
                                   IDENTIFICATION
                                   NUMBER OF --
- ---------------------------------------------------------

 1.  An individual's account       The individual
 2.  Two or more individuals       The actual owner of
     (joint account)               the account or, if
                                   combined funds, the
                                   first individual on
                                   the account(1)
 3.  Custodian account of a minor  The minor(2)
     (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)
 4.  a. The usual revocable        The grantor-
        savings trust account      trustee(1)
        (grantor is also trustee)
     b. So-called trust account    The actual owner(1)
        that is not a legal or
        valid trust under State
        law
 5.  Sole proprietorship           The owner(3)
 6.  A valid trust, estate or      The legal entity(4)
     pension trust
 8.  Corporate                     The corporation
 9.  Association, club,            The organization
     religious, charitable,
     educational or other
     tax-exempt entity
10.  Partnership                   The partnership
11.  A broker or registered        The broker or nominee
     nominee
12.  Account with the Department   The public entity
     of Agriculture in the name
     of a public entity (such as
     a State or local government,
     school district, or prison)
     that receives agricultural
     program payments

- ---------------------------------------------------------
                       ---------------------------------------------------------

(1) List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. If
    only one person or a joint account has a social security number, that
    person's social security number must be furnished.
(2) Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.
(3) Show your individual name. You may also enter your business name. You may
    use your social security number or employer identification number (if you
    have one).
(4) List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate or pension trust.
    (Do not furnish the taxpayer identification number of the personal
    representative or trustee unless the legal entity itself is not designated
    in the account title.)

NOTE:If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be
     considered to be that of the first name listed.

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

                                     PAGE 2

OBTAINING A NUMBER

If you don't have a taxpayer identification number or you don't know your
number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card, or Form
SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number, at the local office of the
Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service and apply for a
number.

PAYEES EXEMPT FROM BACKUP WITHHOLDING

Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding or information reporting on
ALL payments include the following:

 - A corporation.

 - A financial institution.

 - An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a), or an individual
   retirement plan, or a custodial account under Section 403(b)(7) (if the
   account satisfies the requirements of Section 401(f)(2)).

 - The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof.

 - A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any
   subdivision or instrumentality thereof.

 - A foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or any
   agency or instrumentality thereof.

 - An international organization or any of its agencies or instrumentalities.

 - A dealer in securities or commodities required to register in the U.S. or a
   possession of the U.S.

 - A real estate investment trust.

 - A common trust fund operated by a bank under Section 584(a).

 - A trust exempt from tax under Section 664 or described in Section 4947.

 - An entity registered at all times under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

 - A foreign central bank of issue.

PAYMENTS NOT GENERALLY EXEMPT FROM BACKUP WITHHOLDING

Payments of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup
withholding include the following:

 - Payments to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under Section 1441.

 - Payments to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. and
   which have at least one nonresident partner.

 - Payments of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in
   money.

 - Payments made by certain foreign organizations.

 - Payments made to a nominee.

Payments of interest not generally subject to backup withholding including the
following:

 - Payments of interest on obligations issued by individuals.

 Note: You may be subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more
 and is paid in the course of the payer's trade or business and you have not
 provided your correct taxpayer identification number to the payer.

 - Payments of tax-exempt interest (including exempt-interest dividends under
   Section 852).

 - Payments described in Section 6049(b)(5) to nonresident aliens.

 - Payments on tax-free covenant bonds under Section 1451.

 - Payments made by certain foreign organizations.

 - Payments made to a nominee.

Exempt payees described above should file Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous
backup withholding. FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYER, FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE "EXEMPT" ON THE FACE OF THE FORM, AND RETURN IT TO
THE PAYER. IF THE PAYMENTS ARE INTEREST, DIVIDENDS, OR PATRONAGE DIVIDENDS, ALSO
SIGN AND DATE THE FORM.

Certain payments, other than interest, dividends, and patronage dividends, that
are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup
withholding. For details, see regulations under Sections 6041, 6041A(a), 6042,
6044, 6045, 6049, 6050A and 6050N.

PRIVACY ACT NOTICE. -- Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividend,
interest, or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payers
who must report the payments to the IRS. IRS uses the numbers for identification
purposes. Payers must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are
required to file tax returns. Payers must generally withhold 30.5% (or, if paid
after December 31, 2001, 30%) of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other
payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a
payer. Certain penalties may also apply.

PENALTIES

(1) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FURNISH TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER. -- If you
fail to furnish your taxpayer identification number to a payer, you are subject
to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to
reasonable cause and not to willful neglect.

(2) CIVIL PENALTY FOR FALSE INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO WITHHOLDING. -- If you
make a false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no imposition
of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500.

(3) CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR FALSIFYING INFORMATION. -- Falsifying certifications or
affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including fines and/or
imprisonment.

                  FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX
                   CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE

EX-99.(A)(7)

d92258ex99-a7.txt

SUMMARY ADVERTISEMENT

                                                                  EXHIBIT (a)(7)

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer
to sell Shares (as defined below). The Offer (as defined below) is being made
solely by the Offer to Purchase dated November 15, 2001 and the related Letter
of Transmittal and is being made to holders of Shares. Purchaser (as defined
below) is not aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the Offer or the
acceptance of Shares pursuant thereto is prohibited by any administrative or
judicial action or by any valid state statute. If Purchaser becomes aware of any
valid state statute prohibiting the making of the Offer or the acceptance of
Shares pursuant thereto, Purchaser will make a good faith effort to comply with
such state statute. If, after such good faith effort, Purchaser cannot comply
with such state statute, the Offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be
accepted from or on behalf of) the holders of Shares in such state. In any
jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other applicable laws require the
Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be
made on behalf of Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers
licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.

                      NOTICE OF OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                DEVX ENERGY, INC.

                                       AT

                               $7.32 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                           COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.,
                     AN INDIRECT WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                            COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.

     Comstock Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Holdings"), which, in turn, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock
Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Comstock"), is offering to purchase all
the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.234 per share
("Shares"), of DevX Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("DevX"), for $7.32 per
Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions described in the Offer to Purchase dated November 15, 2001
(the "Offer to Purchase") and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with the Offer to Purchase and any amendments or supplements thereto,
collectively constitute the "Offer"). Following the Offer, Purchaser intends to
effect the Merger described below.

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
      TIME, ON THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

         The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there having been
validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer at least
50% of the number of then outstanding Shares (including all Shares issuable upon
the exercise of Outstanding Options or Outstanding Warrants (as each such term
is defined in the Offer to Purchase), each as of the business day preceding the
Initial Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase)) plus one Share.
The Offer is also subject to certain other conditions contained in the Offer to
Purchase. See

"Section 1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date" and "Section 14. Certain
Conditions of the Offer" of the Offer to Purchase, which set forth in full the
conditions to the Offer.

         The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger
dated as of November 12, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement") among Comstock, Holdings,
Purchaser and DevX. The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that as
promptly as practicable after the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer and
the satisfaction or, if permissible, waiver, of the other conditions described
in the Merger Agreement, and in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law"), Purchaser
will be merged into DevX (the "Merger"). As a result of the Merger, DevX, which
will continue as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation"), will
become an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock. At the effective time of
the Merger (the "Effective Time"), each Share issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than Shares held in the treasury of DevX,
owned by Purchaser, Holdings, Comstock or DevX or owned by stockholders who have
demanded and perfected appraisal rights under Delaware Law) will be canceled and
converted automatically into the right to receive $7.32 per Share (or any
greater amount per Share paid pursuant to the Offer) in cash, without interest.

         The Board of Directors of DevX has determined that the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger,
are fair to, and in the best interest of, the holders of Shares, has approved,
adopted and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Offer and Merger, and has resolved to
recommend that the holders of Shares accept the Offer and tender their Shares
pursuant to the Offer.

         For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted
for payment (and thereby purchased) Shares validly tendered and not properly
withdrawn as, if and when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to American
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the "Depositary") of Purchaser's acceptance for
payment of such Shares pursuant to the Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer will
be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which
will act as agent for tendering stockholders whose Shares have been accepted for
payment for the purpose of receiving payments from Purchaser and transmitting
such payments to validly tendering stockholders. Under no circumstances will
Purchaser pay interest on the purchase price for Shares, regardless of any delay
in making such payment. In all cases, Purchaser will pay for Shares tendered and
accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer only after timely receipt by the
Depositary of (i) the certificates evidencing such Shares (the "Share
Certificates") or timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of such Shares
into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in
"Section 2. Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares" of the Offer to
Purchase) pursuant to the procedures described in "Section 3. Procedures for
Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase, (ii) the
Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, with any required
signature guarantees, in the case of a book-entry transfer, or an Agent's
Message (as defined in "Section 2. Acceptance for Payment and Payment for
Shares" of the Offer to Purchase) and (iii) any other documents required under
the Letter of Transmittal.

         Purchaser expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion (but
subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement and subject to the
applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission), at any time and
from time to time, to extend for any reason the period of time during which the
Offer is open, including upon the occurrence of any of the conditions to the
Offer specified in "Section 14. Certain Conditions of the Offer" of the Offer to
Purchase, by giving oral or written notice of such extension to the Depositary
and by making a public announcement thereof. Any such extension will be followed
as promptly as practicable by public announcement thereof and such announcement
will be made no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business
day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date (as defined below). During
any such extension, all Shares previously tendered and not withdrawn will remain
subject to the Offer and subject to the right of a tendering stockholder to
withdraw such stockholder's Shares.

         Purchaser may offer a subsequent offering period in connection with the
Offer. If Purchaser elects to provide a subsequent offering period, it will make
a public announcement thereof on the next business day after the previously
scheduled Expiration Date.

         Tenders of Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable, except
that such Shares may be withdrawn at any time prior to 12:00 midnight, New York
City time, on Thursday, December 13, 2001 (or the latest time and date at which
the Offer, if extended by Purchaser, expires) (the "Expiration Date"). For a
withdrawal of Shares to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice
of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at its address set forth
on the back cover page of the Offer to Purchase. Any such notice of withdrawal
must specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the
number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of such
Shares, if different from that of the person who tendered such Shares. If Share
Certificates evidencing Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise
identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such Share
Certificates, the serial numbers shown on such Share Certificates must be
submitted to the Depositary and the signature(s) on the notice of withdrawal
must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution (as defined in "Section 3.
Procedures for Accepting the Offer and Tendering Shares" of the Offer to
Purchase), unless such Shares have been tendered for the account of an Eligible
Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedure for
book-entry transfer as described in "Section 3. Procedures for Accepting the
Offer and Tendering Shares" of the Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal
must specify the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares. All questions as to the form
and validity (including the time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal will be
determined by Purchaser, in its sole discretion, whose determination will be
final and binding.

         The information required to be disclosed by Rule 14d-6(d)(1) of the
General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by
reference.

         DevX has provided Purchaser with DevX's stockholder list and security
position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of
Shares. The Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal will be
mailed by Purchaser to record holders of Shares whose names appear on DevX's
stockholder list and will be furnished, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial
owners of Shares, to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and
similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the
stockholder list or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing
agency's security position listings.

         The Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal contain
important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made
with respect to the Offer.

         Questions and requests for assistance or for additional copies of the
Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal and other Offer
materials may be directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone
number listed below, and copies will be furnished promptly at Purchaser's
expense. No fees or commissions will be paid to brokers, dealers or other
persons (other than the Information Agent) for soliciting tenders of Shares
pursuant to the Offer.

                     The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                                [Innisfree Logo]

                           INNISFREE M&A INCORPORATED
                         501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor
                               New York, NY 10022
                         Call Toll Free: (888) 750-5834
                 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 750-5833

November 15, 2001

EX-99.(A)(8)

d92258ex99-a8.txt

PRESS RELEASE ISSUED BY COMSTOCK NOVEMBER 13, 2001

                                                                  EXHIBIT (a)(8)

NEWS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

For More Information:          Roland O. Burns
                               Chief Financial Officer
                               972-668-8800

              COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC. TO ACQUIRE DEVX ENERGY, INC.
                 DEVX ENERGY INC.'S BOARD RECOMMENDS CASH OFFER

FRISCO, TEXAS, NOVEMBER 13, 2001 - Comstock Resources, Inc. ("Comstock" or the
"Company") (NYSE:CRK) announced today that it has entered into a definitive
agreement with DevX Energy, Inc. ("DevX") (Nasdaq:DVXE) providing for the
acquisition of DevX by a wholly owned subsidiary of Comstock in a transaction in
which DevX's stockholders would receive $7.32 in cash per DevX share.

The acquisition will be effected by a first step cash tender offer for all of
DevX's outstanding common stock. The tender offer is expected to commence on
November 15, 2001 and to remain open for at least 20 business days. The tender
offer will be followed by a merger in which stockholders whose shares are not
acquired in the tender offer will receive $7.32 per share in cash. The offer is
conditioned on, among other things, greater than 50% of the outstanding DevX
shares being tendered. The Board of Directors of DevX recommends that DevX
stockholders tender their shares to Comstock in the offer.

DevX is an independent energy company based in Dallas, Texas engaged in the
exploration, development and acquisition of oil and gas properties. DevX owns
interest in 636 producing oil and gas wells located onshore primarily in East
and South Texas, Kentucky, Oklahoma and Kansas. Comstock estimates that the
acquisition of DevX will add approximately 155 billion cubic feet equivalent of
natural gas reserves to Comstock's proved oil and gas reserve base. DevX's oil
and gas reserves are 96% natural gas and are 69% proved developed.

"We expect that the acquisition of DevX will complement our existing oil and gas
reserve base and balance our onshore reserve growth with our offshore reserve
growth which is driven by our successful offshore exploration program," stated
M. Jay Allison, President and Chief Executive Officer of Comstock.

INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO READ BOTH THE TENDER
OFFER STATEMENT AND THE SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT REGARDING THE
TENDER OFFER REFERRED TO IN THIS PRESS RELEASE, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE,
BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. THE TENDER OFFER STATEMENT WILL
BE FILED BY COMSTOCK WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AND THE
SOLICITATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT WILL BE FILED BY DEVX WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS MAY OBTAIN A FREE COPY
OF THESE STATEMENTS (WHEN AVAILABLE) AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED BY COMSTOCK AND
DEVX AT THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT WWW.SEC.GOV.

THIS PRESS RELEASE MAY CONTAIN "FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS" AS THAT TERM IS
DEFINED IN THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995. SUCH STATEMENTS
ARE BASED ON MANAGEMENT'S CURRENT EXPECTATIONS AND ARE SUBJECT TO A NUMBER OF
FACTORS AND UNCERTAINTIES WHICH COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY
FROM THOSE DESCRIBED HEREIN. ALTHOUGH THE COMPANY BELIEVES THAT THE EXPECTATIONS
IN SUCH STATEMENTS TO BE REASONABLE, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT SUCH
EXPECTATIONS WILL PROVE TO BE CORRECT.

COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC. IS A GROWING INDEPENDENT ENERGY COMPANY BASED IN
FRISCO, TEXAS AND IS ENGAGED IN OIL AND GAS ACQUISITIONS, EXPLORATION AND
DEVELOPMENT PRIMARILY IN TEXAS, LOUISIANA AND THE GULF OF MEXICO. THE COMPANY'S
STOCK IS TRADED ON THE NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE UNDER THE SYMBOL CRK.

EX-99.(B)(1)

d92258ex99-b1.txt

COMMITMENT LETTER DATED NOVEMBER 13, 2001

                                                                  EXHIBIT (b)(1)

November 14, 2001

Roland O. Burns
Senior Vice President and
   Chief Financial Officer
Comstock Resources, Inc.
5300 Town and Country  Blvd.
Suite 500
Frisco, Texas 75034

                                COMMITMENT LETTER

Dear Roland:

         TD Securities (USA) Inc. ("TD Securities"), as arranger for Toronto
Dominion (Texas), Inc. ("TDTX"), is pleased to advise you that, subject to the
terms and conditions herein, TDTX is willing to provide Comstock Resources, Inc.
("Comstock") ("You" or the "Borrower") with the following credit facility (the
"Facility"):

                  A $350,000,000 Senior Secured Revolving Facility for Comstock
                  Resources, Inc. subject to the Borrowing Base provisions
                  outlined in Exhibit A described below.

         The Facility will be used to fund the acquisition of DevX Energy, Inc.
by Comstock, to refinance existing indebtedness and for general corporate
purposes and as are more fully described in the Summary of Terms and Conditions
attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Term Sheet").

         TD Securities will act as the sole and exclusive advisor and arranger
for the Facility, and TDTX will act as the sole and exclusive administrative
agent. As we have discussed, it is the intent of TD Securities to commence the
syndication of the Facility to one or more banks and financial institutions
(together with TDTX, the "Lenders") promptly following the execution of this
commitment letter and we intend to complete the syndication efforts prior to
closing of the Facility. TD Securities shall be entitled, in consultation with
you, before or after closing, to change the pricing and Borrowing Base of the
Facility if TD Securities determines that such changes are advisable in order to
ensure a successful syndication (to be defined as a final hold by TDTX of
$45,000,000 of the maximum $300,000,000 Borrowing Base outlined in the Term
Sheet) and, if such changes are required after the closing, You agree to enter
into such modifications of the credit documents as may be reasonably necessary
or appropriate to effectuate the foregoing. Any decrease to the Borrowing Base
will be limited to 10% of the amount committed hereto.

         TD Securities, as arranger for TDTX, will manage, in consultation with
the Borrower, all aspects of the syndication, including decisions as to the
selection of institutions to be approached and when they will be approached,
when their commitments will be accepted, which institutions will participate,
the allocation of the commitments among the Lenders and the amount and
distribution of fees among the Lenders. You agree to actively assist TD
Securities in achieving a syndication that is

Comstock Resources, Inc.
November 14, 2001

satisfactory to you and TDTX. In that regard, you agree (i) promptly to provide,
and to cause your advisors to provide, TD Securities upon request with all
information reasonably deemed necessary by it to complete successfully the
syndication including, but not limited to, information and projections prepared
by you or on your behalf relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and
(ii) to assist, and to cause your advisors to assist, TD Securities upon request
in the preparation of an information memorandum and other marketing materials to
be used in connection with the syndication. You hereby represent and covenant
that all (i) information (other than projections) provided by you or your
advisors to TD Securities is, or will be when furnished, complete and correct in
all material respects and does not, or will not when furnished, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the
circumstances under which such statements are made and (ii) the projections you
have provided or will provide to TD Securities have been or will be prepared in
good faith based upon reasonable assumptions. You acknowledge that in arranging
and syndicating the Facility, TD Securities may use, and rely on, information
and projections provided by you without independent verification. You also
acknowledge that TD Securities will share credit and other non-public
information about you and your affiliates with TDTX and other affiliates.

         The Facility will be provided pursuant to the terms and conditions of,
and shall become effective only upon the execution and delivery of a mutually
satisfactory credit agreement and other definitive loan documentation
incorporating the terms and conditions set forth in the Term Sheet, your payment
of certain fees to TD Securities and TDTX as agreed between the parties and
other terms and conditions customarily included in credit facilities of this
type, amount and purpose. These terms and conditions will necessarily be further
developed during the course of preparing and negotiating the loan documentation.

         TDTX's commitment hereunder is further subject to: (i) satisfactory
completion of due diligence (excluding an engineering review used to determine
the Borrowing Base); (ii) the truth and accuracy in all material respects of the
financial statements and other information provided to TD Securities by the
Borrower; (iii) the absence of any material adverse change in either the
business, assets, liabilities, financial condition, prospects or results of
operations of the Borrower and their affiliates; (iv) the absence of any
material adverse change in or disruption of financial, banking or capital market
conditions (including the loan syndication market) existing now or in the
future, that in the judgment of TD Securities and TDTX would adversely affect
the satisfactory completion of the syndication of the Facility; and (v) the
satisfaction of TD Securities and TDTX that clear market conditions exist and
will exist prior to and during the syndication for obligations of the Facility.

         The Borrowers agree to indemnify and hold harmless TD Securities, TDTX,
the Lenders, the issuer of letters of credit, their affiliates and their
respective officers, directors, employees, advisors and agents (each, an
"Indemnified Person") from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and
liabilities to which any such Indemnified Person may become subject arising out
of or in connection with this letter, the Facility, the use of proceeds thereof,
the other transactions contemplated hereby, any related transaction or any
claim, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, regardless

                                      -2-

Comstock Resources, Inc.
November 14, 2001

of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto, and to reimburse each
Indemnified Person upon demand for any costs or expenses (including legal fees)
incurred in connection with investigating or defending any of the foregoing,
provided that the foregoing indemnity will not, as to any Indemnified Person,
apply to losses, claims, damages or liabilities to the extent they arise from
the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnified Person. No
Indemnified Person shall be liable for any indirect or consequential damages in
connection with its activities related to this letter or the Facility.

         In addition, whether or not any loans are made, the Borrower agrees to
reimburse TD Securities, TDTX and their affiliates on demand for all
out-of-pocket expenses (including due diligence expenses, syndication expenses,
consultant's fees and expenses, printing and reproduction costs, appraisal fees,
travel expenses and reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel)
incurred in connection with the Facility and the preparation, review,
negotiation, execution and delivery of any related documentation, whether or not
executed (including this letter, the Term Sheet and definitive financing
documentation) and the administration, amendment, modification or waiver
thereof.

         The terms of this letter may be accepted by Comstock prior to 8:00 p.m.
(New York time) on November 14, 2001 in the manner indicated in the final
paragraph of this letter. If this letter is not so accepted by such time on that
date, this commitment shall automatically expire unless extended in writing by
TD Securities.

         In addition, unless extended in writing at the sole discretion of TD
Securities, all obligations of TDTX and TD Securities under this letter shall
expire automatically, without further act and regardless of cause or
circumstances on January 11, 2002 if definitive loan documentation is not
executed and delivered by all the parties thereto and funds disbursed on or
prior to such date. Notwithstanding anything stated herein to the contrary, the
compensation, reimbursement and indemnification provisions hereof shall survive
any termination or expiration hereof, regardless of whether definitive financing
agreements are executed.

         This letter is delivered to you on the condition that neither its
existence nor any of its contents shall be disclosed by you to any person or
entity without TD Securities' prior written approval, except (i) as may be
compelled to be disclosed in a judicial or administrative proceeding or as
otherwise required by law, (ii) as may be disclosed on a confidential and "need
to know" basis to your directors, officers, employees, advisers, and agents, and
(iii) after your acceptance of the terms hereof, the existence of this letter
and a summary of the principal terms and conditions of TDTX's commitment
hereunder may be disclosed in any public filings to be made in connection with
the tender offer for DevX (as defined in the Term Sheet), provided that any such
disclosure that is in writing shall be subject to TD Securities' prior review
and approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

         If the foregoing is satisfactory to you, please have the enclosed copy
of this letter duly executed by an authorized officer and return copies to us.
This letter may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
be an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one
agreement. THIS WRITTEN LETTER AND THE TERM SHEET REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT
BETWEEN THE

                                      -3-

Comstock Resources, Inc.
November 14, 2001

PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR
SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL
AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. This letter and the Term Sheet may not be
assigned by you without the prior written consent of TD Securities, TDTX and the
issuer of letters of credit in their sole discretion and may not be amended or
any provision hereof or thereof waived or modified except by an instrument in
writing signed by each of the parties hereto. No person or entity other than the
parties hereto shall have any rights under or be entitled to rely upon this
letter or the Term Sheet. THIS LETTER AND THE TERM SHEET SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Delivery of
an executed signature page by facsimile shall be effective execution and
delivery

         Please indicate your consent and agreement by your signature below.

Very truly yours,

TD Securities (USA) Inc.

/s/ Mark M. Green
- -----------------------------
Mark M. Green
Managing Director

Agreed to as of the date first above written:

Comstock Resources, Inc.

By: /s/ Roland O. Burns
   --------------------------
   Name:  Roland O. Burns
   Title: Senior Vice President and
          Chief Financial Officer

                                      -4-

                                    EXHIBIT A
                                                                        11/14/01

                            COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.
                 $350,000,000 SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING FACILITY

                         SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

BORROWERS:                          Comstock Resources, Inc. (and all operating
                                    subsidiaries, as appropriate) -
                                    ("Borrower").

FACILITY AMOUNT:                    $350,000,000 senior secured revolving credit
                                    facility (the "Facility"), with the initial
                                    Borrowing Base dependent on the structure
                                    used to fund the acquisition of DevX Energy,
                                    Inc. ("DevX").

                                    A)       $300,000,000 if the acquisition is
                                             funded using all cash (including
                                             the repayment of DevX's existing
                                             Senior Notes).

                                    B)       $285,000,000 if the equity portion
                                             of the acquisition is funded with
                                             cash and the existing DevX Senior
                                             Notes are exchanged for a new issue
                                             of the Borrower's Senior Notes.

                                    C)       $210,000,000 if the acquisition is
                                             funded via capitalization of an
                                             Unrestricted Subsidiary of the
                                             Borrower using a separate credit
                                             facility as provided under separate
                                             cover and other financing
                                             arrangements satisfactory to the
                                             Agent.

ARRANGER:                           TD Securities (USA), Inc.

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:               TD (Texas), Inc. (the "Agent").

LENDERS:                            The Facility will be syndicated to a group
                                    of financial institutions mutually agreeable
                                    to the Arranger and the Borrower.

MAJORITY LENDERS:                   66 2/3%

PURPOSE:                            The Facility will be used for the following
                                    purposes, subject to the funding options
                                    outlined above:

                                    i)       Refinance all existing senior bank
                                             debt,

                                    ii)      Fund the purchase of DevX
                                             (including the refinancing of
                                             DevX's existing indebtedness), and

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

                                    iii)     General corporate purposes

MATURITY:                           Three years from closing.

SECURITY:                           The Facility will be secured by perfected
                                    first priority liens on and security
                                    interests in all the following: (a) all
                                    equity interests in any Restricted
                                    Subsidiary of the Borrower, (b) an
                                    unconditional guarantee of payment by each
                                    Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, and
                                    (c) all other real and personal property of
                                    the Borrower and its Restricted
                                    Subsidiaries, including: a first priority
                                    deed of trust, assignment and security
                                    interest in oil and gas properties
                                    constituting at least 80% of the present
                                    value of the Borrower's and its Restricted
                                    Subsidiaries proved reserves.

PRICING:                            See Attachment I for all spreads and fees.

AVAILABILITY:                       The Facility will be fully revolving for
                                    three years, subject to the Borrowing Base.

AMORTIZATION:                       The Facility will remain subject to the
                                    Borrowing Base provisions outlined below,
                                    and all amounts outstanding under the
                                    Facility will be due and payable at
                                    Maturity.

L/C TERMS AND
CONDITIONS:                         (i)      L/C's will be available during the
                                             revolving period up to a maximum of
                                             $20MM with any L/C's issued
                                             reducing availability under the
                                             Facility on a dollar for dollar
                                             basis.

                                    (ii)     Terms up to one year or the
                                             maturity of the Facility.

                                    (iii)    L/C fees - same as the Facility
                                             LIBOR margins as noted below.

                                    (iv)     Issuance fees - 25 bps per annum,
                                             payable solely to the L/C Issuing
                                             Agent on L/C's issued and
                                             outstanding.

L/C ISSUING AGENT:                  The Toronto-Dominion Bank.

BORROWING BASE:                     The Borrowing Base shall be redetermined
                                    semi-annually, each May 1st and November 1st
                                    during the term of the Facility. The May
                                    Borrowing Base will be calculated based upon
                                    a Reserve Report dated as of each January
                                    1st. The November Borrowing Base will be
                                    calculated based upon a Reserve Report dated
                                    as of each July 1st.

                                    The Reserve Report dated as of each January
                                    1st shall be delivered by April 1st of each
                                    year and shall consist of independent
                                    engineering evaluations on all of the
                                    Borrower's oil and gas properties.
                                    Evaluations shall be prepared by independent
                                    engineering firms acceptable to the Agent in
                                    its reasonable

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

                                    judgement. The July 1st Reserve Report shall
                                    be delivered by October 1st and may be
                                    prepared by the Borrower in accordance with
                                    accepted industry practices.

                                    Subsequent to the receipt of the Reserve
                                    Report, the Agent shall propose a Borrowing
                                    Base to the Lenders. The proposed Borrowing
                                    Base will be determined using the Agent's
                                    then standard oil and gas lending parameters
                                    (such parameters shall include, but not be
                                    limited to, commodity prices, and
                                    projections of production, operating
                                    expenses, general and administrative
                                    expenses, capital costs, working capital
                                    requirements and liquidity, dividend
                                    payments, obligations, and environmental and
                                    legal costs). Such Borrowing Base must be
                                    approved by 75% of the Lenders (the
                                    "Required Lenders") for affirmations or
                                    decreases and 100% of the Lenders for any
                                    increase.

                                    The Required Lenders and the Borrower may,
                                    once a year, request an additional Borrowing
                                    Base redetermination (a "Requested
                                    Redetermination"). If the Required Lenders
                                    or the Borrower seeks a Requested
                                    Redetermination, the Agent shall propose a
                                    Borrowing Base for approval using the
                                    criteria for redetermining the Borrowing
                                    Base as discussed above. Any Requested
                                    Redetermination shall be effective when the
                                    Borrower is notified of the amount of the
                                    Borrowing Base by the Agent.

OPTIONAL PREPAYMENTS/
COMMITMENT REDUCTIONS:              All or a portion of the outstanding loans
                                    under the Facility may be prepaid at any
                                    time and commitments may be terminated in
                                    whole or in part at the Borrower's option,
                                    subject to breakage costs in the case of
                                    loans based on LIBOR if prepayment occurs
                                    other than at the end of an applicable
                                    interest period.

MANDATORY PREPAYMENTS/
COMMITMENT REDUCTIONS:              Outstandings under the Facility will be
                                    required to be prepaid in the amount by
                                    which such loans and the L/C exposure exceed
                                    the Borrowing Base at any time (the
                                    "Deficiency"). Any Deficiency will be cured
                                    through three equal monthly payments
                                    beginning one month following notice of such
                                    Deficiency. Other prepayments will be
                                    required following asset sales if the effect
                                    of such asset sale is or would be a
                                    Deficiency.

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO CLOSING:               Substantially similar to the existing bank
                                    credit agreement including, but not limited
                                    to the successful completion by the Borrower
                                    of the tender for DevX Energy, Inc. (to be
                                    defined as a tender in excess of 50% of the
                                    Borrower's common stock); execution of
                                    definitive credit documentation satisfactory
                                    to the Agent; satisfactory legal opinions
                                    and satisfactory collateral documents.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES:                     Substantially similar to the existing bank
                                    credit agreement including, but not limited
                                    to authorization and enforceability, absence
                                    of default or event of default and absence
                                    of material adverse change.

AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS:                          Substantially similar to the existing bank
                                    credit agreement including, but not limited
                                    to maintenance of corporate existence and
                                    rights, compliance with applicable laws
                                    (including environmental laws); performance
                                    of obligations; maintenance of properties
                                    and maintenance of appropriate and adequate
                                    insurance.

NEGATIVE COVENANTS:                 Substantially similar to the existing bank
                                    credit agreement including, but not limited
                                    to limitations on indebtedness, liens,
                                    mergers, asset dispositions and dividends
                                    (stock repurchases allowed up to $20,000,000
                                    in the aggregate provided that no stock
                                    repurchases shall be allowed if the Facility
                                    is over 80% funded). Financial covenants
                                    will include the following:

                                    a)       CURRENT RATIO: Borrower will
                                             maintain a minimum current ratio
                                             (including unused/available portion
                                             of Facility and excluding Current
                                             Maturities of Long Term Debt) of at
                                             least 1.0 to 1.0.

                                    b)       MINIMUM TANGIBLE NET WORTH: 80% of
                                             the Borrower's shareholder's equity
                                             as of September 30, 2001;
                                             increasing by 75% of any
                                             non-redeemable preferred or common
                                             stock offerings and 50% of net
                                             income (test to exclude non-cash
                                             charges related to FAS 121
                                             impairments or ceiling test
                                             writedowns after September 30,
                                             2001).

                                    c)       INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO: Borrower
                                             will maintain a minimum EBITDA to
                                             consolidated interest expense of
                                             2.5 to 1.0 to be calculated on a
                                             rolling, four quarters basis.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT:                  Substantially similar to the existing bank
                                    credit agreement including, but not limited
                                    to: nonpayment of principal, interest or
                                    fees when due, violation of covenants,
                                    material breach of representations and
                                    warranties, cross default to other debt,
                                    bankruptcy, inability to pay liabilities in
                                    the normal course of business, material
                                    judgments, change in control and events of
                                    default under certain other material
                                    agreements.

EXPENSES AND
INDEMNIFICATION:                    All reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the
                                    Agent associated with the syndication,
                                    preparation, execution, delivery, waiver,
                                    modification, administration and enforcement
                                    of the Credit Agreement and the other
                                    documentation contemplated thereby are to be
                                    paid by the Borrower whether or not the
                                    transaction is consummated.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

                                    The Borrower will indemnify the Agent and
                                    the other Lenders and hold them harmless
                                    from and against all costs, expenses
                                    (including reasonable fees, charges and
                                    disbursements of counsel) and liabilities,
                                    including those resulting from any
                                    litigation or other proceedings (regardless
                                    of whether the Agent or any other Lender is
                                    a party thereto), related to or arising out
                                    of the transactions contemplated hereby;
                                    provided that neither the Agent nor any
                                    other Lender will be indemnified for its
                                    gross negligence or willful misconduct.

AGENT'S COUNSEL:                    Mayer, Brown and Platt

GOVERNING LAW:                      New York

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

                                  ATTACHMENT I
                                INTEREST SPREADS

FUNDING SPREADS:                    With regard to the Revolver, at Borrower's
                                    option:

                                    (i)      Base Rate.

                                    (ii)     1, 2, 3 or 6 month LIBOR, plus
                                             applicable margin indicated below.

                                  PRICING GRID
                      (EXPRESSED IN BASIS POINTS PER ANNUM)

                    PRICING LEVEL                LEVEL I      LEVEL II     LEVEL III      LEVEL IV       LEVEL V
                    -------------                -------      --------     ---------      --------       -------

                    Libor Margin                   100           125          150           175            200
                    Base Rate Margin                 0            25           50            75            100
                    Commitment Fee                  25            25         37.5          37.5             50

                                           Pricing Level                        Borrowing Base Utilization
                                           --------------                       --------------------------

                                           Level I                              Less than 24.9%
                                           Level II                             25% - 49.9%
                                           Level III                            50% - 74.9%
                                           Level IV                             75% - 89.9%
                                           Level V                              90% or greater

Pricing during any Deficiency (when outstandings and L/C exposure exceed the
Borrowing Base then in effect) will equal LIBOR plus 300 bps or Base Rate plus
200 bps on the outstanding amount and L/C exposure.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

EX-99.(B)(2)

d92258ex99-b2.txt

COMMITMENT LETTER DATED NOVEMBER 13, 2001

                                                                  EXHIBIT (b)(2)

November 14, 2001

Roland O. Burns
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Comstock Holdings, Inc.
5300 Town and Country Blvd.
Suite 500
Frisco, Texas 75034

Dear Roland:

         Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co., Inc. ("FBR"), as arranger for Toronto
Dominion (Texas), Inc. ("TDTX") and HPC Holding Company ("HPC") is pleased to
advise you that, subject to the terms and conditions herein, TDTX and HPC are
each willing to provide Comstock Holdings, Inc. (the "Borrower") with 50% of a
$57,000,000 Senior Secured Acquisition Loan (the "Credit Facility"), as outlined
in Exhibit A described below.

         The Credit Facility will be used to fund the acquisition of shares of
DevX Energy, Inc. ("DevX") by Comstock Acquisition, Inc. ("Acquisition"), a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Borrower, all as more fully described in the
Proposed Summary of Terms and Conditions attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Term
Sheet").

         FBR will act as an advisor and arranger for the Credit Facility and
TDTX will act as the sole and exclusive administrative agent. As we have
discussed, FBR has solicited commitments from TDTX and HPC (together, the
"Lenders") prior to the execution of this commitment letter in an amount
sufficient to provide the Credit Facility.

         The Credit Facility will be provided pursuant to the terms and
conditions of, and shall become effective only upon the execution and delivery
of, a mutually satisfactory credit agreement and other definitive loan
documentation incorporating the terms and conditions set forth in the Term
Sheet, your payment of certain fees set forth in the Term Sheet and other terms
and conditions customarily included in credit facilities of this type, amount
and purpose. These terms and conditions will necessarily be further developed
during the course of preparing and negotiating the loan documentation.

         The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless FBR, the Lenders,
their affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors
and agents (each, an "Indemnified Person") from and against any and all losses,
claims, damages and liabilities to which any such Indemnified Person may become
subject arising out of or in connection with this letter, the Credit Facility,
the use of proceeds thereof, the other transactions contemplated hereby, any
related transaction or any claim, investigation or proceeding relating to any of
the foregoing, regardless of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto,
and to reimburse each Indemnified Person upon demand for any costs or expenses
(including legal fees) incurred in connection with investigating or defending
any of the foregoing, provided that the foregoing indemnity will not, as to any
Indemnified Person, apply to losses, claims, damages or liabilities to the
extent they arise from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such
Indemnified Person. No Indemnified Person shall be liable for any indirect or
consequential damages in connection with its activities related to this letter
or the Credit Facility.

         In addition, whether or not any loans are made, the Borrower agrees to
reimburse FBR, TDTX and their affiliates on demand for all out-of-pocket
expenses (including, without limitation, travel expenses and reasonable fees,
charges and disbursements of counsel) incurred in connection with the Credit
Facility and the preparation, review, negotiation, execution and delivery of any
related documentation, whether or not executed (including this letter, the Term
Sheet and definitive financing documentation) and the administration, amendment,
modification or waiver thereof.

         The terms of this letter may be accepted by Comstock prior to 10:00
p.m. (New York time) on November 14, 2001 in the manner indicated in the final
paragraph of this letter. If this letter is not so accepted by such time on that
date, this commitment shall automatically expire unless extended in writing by
FBR.

         In addition, unless extended in writing at the sole discretion of FBR,
all obligations of FBR, TDTX and HPC under this letter or the Term Sheet shall
expire automatically, without further act and regardless of cause or
circumstances on January 11, 2002 if definitive loan documentation is not
executed and delivered by all the parties thereto and initial loans disbursed on
or prior to such date. Notwithstanding anything stated herein to the contrary,
the compensation, reimbursement and indemnification provisions hereof shall
survive any termination or expiration hereof, regardless of whether definitive
financing agreements are executed.

         This letter is delivered to you on the condition that neither its
existence nor any of its contents shall be disclosed by you to any person or
entity without FBR's prior written approval, except (i) as may be compelled to
be disclosed in a judicial or administrative proceeding or as otherwise required
by law, (ii) as may be disclosed on a confidential and "need to know" basis to
your directors, officers, employees, advisers, and agents, and (iii) after your
acceptance of the terms hereof, the existence of this letter and a summary of
the principal terms and conditions of the commitments hereunder may be disclosed
in any public filings to be made in connection with the tender offer for DevX
(as defined in the Term Sheet), provided that any such disclosure that

is in the writing shall be subject to FBR's prior review and approval, such
approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

         If the foregoing is satisfactory to you, please have the enclosed copy
of this letter duly executed by an authorized officer and return copies to us.
This letter may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
be an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one
agreement. This letter and the Term Sheet may not be assigned by you without the
prior written consent of FBR and may not be amended or any provision hereof or
thereof waived or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by each of
the parties hereto. No person or entity other that the parties hereto TDTX and
HPC shall have any rights under or be entitled to rely upon this letter or the
Term Sheet. This letter and the Term Sheet shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the law of the State of New York. Delivery of an executed
signature page by facsimile shall be effective execution and delivery.

         Please indicate your consent and agreement by your signature below.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          Friedman, Billings & Ramsey Co., Inc.

                                          By:    /s/ Michael W. Mitchell
                                              Name:  Michael W. Mitchell
                                              Title: Managing Director

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first above written:

Comstock Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/ Roland O. Burns
   Name: Roland O. Burns
   Title: Vice President

COMSTOCK HOLDINGS, INC.                    FRIEDMAN, BILLINGS, RAMSEY & CO. INC.

================================================================================
                    PROPOSED SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
                   $57,000,000 SENIOR SECURED ACQUISITION LOAN
                                 CREDIT FACILITY
                                NOVEMBER 14, 2001
================================================================================

THIS SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS IS NOT AN OFFER OR A COMMITMENT TO LEND.
THESE TERMS ARE FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY AND, THEREFORE, REMAIN SUBJECT TO
MODIFICATION.

BORROWER:                  Comstock Holdings, Inc. ("Borrower").

GUARANTOR:                 Comstock Acquisition, Inc. ("Guarantor"). This
                           Guaranty will be released just prior to the merger of
                           the Guarantor with DevX Energy, Inc.

CO-LEAD ARRANGERS
AND BOOKRUNNER:            Friedman, Billings, & Ramsey Co., Inc. and
                           Toronto-Dominion (Texas), Inc ("Arranger")

ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT:                     Toronto-Dominion (Texas), Inc. ("Agent")

LENDERS:                   Toronto-Dominion (Texas), Inc.- up to 50%
                           HPC Holding Company - up to 50%

                           Final bank group composition and commitment
                           allocations to be decided by Lead Arranger, Agent and
                           Borrower. For purposes of this term sheet, the
                           lenders (including, the Agent) participating in the
                           Credit Facility will be called "Lenders".

COMMITMENT TYPE
& AMOUNT:                  $57,000,000 Senior Secured Acquisition Loan ("Credit
                           Facility"), which may be funded in one or more
                           advances. However, once an advance has been repaid it
                           may not be reborrowed.

MANDATORY
REPAYMENT:                 Mandatory Principal Repayment and Commitment
                           Reduction in the amount of $42,000,000 which shall
                           occur not later than five business days after the
                           merger of the Guarantor into DevX Energy, Inc. (the
                           "Merger").

PURPOSE:                   The Credit Facility is available to provide funds to
                           Borrower to contribute such funds to Comstock
                           Acquisition, Inc. for the purchase of Common Stock of
                           DevX Energy, Inc. validly tendered and not withdrawn
                           pursuant to the Tender Offer and to pay the merger
                           consideration payable with respect to the Merger and
                           to pay reasonable costs and expenses related to the
                           Tender Offer and the Merger.

MATURITY:                  90 days after closing. Provided that closing must
                           occur on or before January 11, 2002 unless mutually
                           agreed otherwise by Borrower and Lenders.

CONFIDENTIAL                         PAGE 1                             11/14/01

COMSTOCK HOLDINGS, INC.                   FRIEDMAN, BILLINGS, RAMSEY & CO. INC.

REPAYMENT:                 Principal and interest will be due at maturity. The
                           Borrower may at any time prepay in whole the
                           outstanding balance of the facility without premium
                           or penalty.

COLLATERAL:                   (i) Perfected first and prior lien on all of the
                              Borrower's Common Stock ownership in Comstock
                              Acquisition, Inc. (ii) Perfected first and prior
                              lien on all common shares of DevX Energy, Inc.
                              which are purchased after being tendered to secure
                              the guaranty of Comstock Acquisition, Inc. (iii)
                              Perfected first and prior lien on at least
                              3,000,000 unregistered common shares of Comstock
                              Resources, Inc. (The registered shares of which
                              are NYSE: CRK).

MAJORITY LENDERS:             66 2/3% of the Commitment.

REPRESENTATIONS
& WARRANTIES:              Usual and customary representations and warranties
                           for transactions of this nature, including but not
                           limited to the following:

                           o        No material change in financial condition of
                                    Borrower, DevX Energy, Inc., or Comstock
                                    Resources, Inc. as the Borrower's parent
                                    company.

                           o        Compliance with Regulations U and X.

                           o        Absence of litigation or any existing or
                                    pending adverse decree orders from a court
                                    or environmental agency.

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT:                 The closing and funding of the Credit Facility shall
                           be subject to normal and customary conditions
                           precedent including, but not limited to the
                           following:

                           o        Initial equity contribution of at least
                                    $37,000,000 cash and 3,000,000 unregistered
                                    common shares of CRK by Comstock Resources,
                                    Inc. and successful solicitation of the
                                    tender offer for DevX Energy, Inc.

                           o        DevX Energy, Inc. entering into a Credit
                                    Facility of at least $42,000,000, on terms
                                    and conditions acceptable to Lenders, to be
                                    effective only upon closing of the merger of
                                    the Guarantor into DevX.

                           o        Comstock Resources, Inc. entering into a
                                    comfort letter with the Lenders, which will
                                    provide for its continued ownership of the
                                    Borrower.

                           o        The maximum tender price for the DevX shares
                                    will not exceed $7.32 per share without the
                                    agreement of the Agent and Lenders.

                           o        All applicable waiting periods including
                                    under Hart-Scott-Rodino shall have expired.

                           o        Compliance with margin regulations including
                                    Regulation U and X and delivery of properly
                                    completed Forms U-1 and G-3.

                           o        Absence of governmental, corporate,
                                    contractual or legal restrictions, whether
                                    in the form of "anti-takeover" statutes,
                                    "shark repellants" or otherwise, which would
                                    restrict, limit or otherwise impede prompt
                                    consummation of the Merger.

                           o        Acceptable opinions of counsel that must
                                    cover "no conflict" with indentures loan
                                    agreements and other material agreements of
                                    Comstock Resources and DevX.

                           o        Negotiation and execution of a comprehensive
                                    loan agreement and loan and collateral
                                    documents, satisfactory to Lenders, Borrower
                                    and their respective counsel.

                           o        Satisfactory review of usual documentation
                                    relating to Borrower and Guarantor including
                                    organization documents, borrowing authority,
                                    ordinary

CONFIDENTIAL                         PAGE 2                             11/14/01

COMSTOCK HOLDINGS, INC.                   FRIEDMAN, BILLINGS, RAMSEY & CO. INC.

                                    and customary certificates, legal opinion
                                    from Borrower's and Guarantor's counsel, as
                                    well as other documents required by the
                                    Agent's legal counsel.

                           o        Absence of material litigation, pending or
                                    threatened against Borrower, Guarantor,
                                    Comstock Resources, Inc., or DevX Energy,
                                    Inc., except as previously disclosed.

                           o        Absence of any material adverse change in
                                    the business, assets, liabilities or
                                    financial condition of the Borrower,
                                    Guarantor, Comstock Resources, Inc. or DevX.

                           o        Absence of any material adverse change in or
                                    disruption of financial, banking or capital
                                    market conditions (including the loan
                                    syndication market) existing now or in the
                                    future, that in the judgment of the
                                    Arrangers would adversely affect the
                                    satisfactory completion of the syndication
                                    of the Credit Facility.

PERFORMANCE
COVENANTS:                 In addition to the usual and customary affirmative
                           and negative covenants for transactions of this
                           nature, Lenders will require the following from
                           Borrower and/or Guarantor:

                           o        Certain reporting requirements.

                           o        Prohibition against incurring additional
                                    indebtedness over $250,000, direct or
                                    contingent, including letters of credit or
                                    any other obligation for borrowed money, or
                                    quasi-equity issues such as preferred stock

                           o        Prohibition against creating liens on any
                                    assets of Borrower.

                           o        Restriction against any dividends or
                                    distributions.

                           o        No changes in the material terms or
                                    conditions of the Tender Offer or the Merger
                                    Agreement without prior approval of Agent.

                           o        Restriction against any loans or advances to
                                    third parties or affiliates during the
                                    existence of the loan.

                           o        Prohibition against certain investments.

                           o        Prohibition on asset sales, leases or
                                    transfers of all or any material part of
                                    Borrower's assets

                           o        No change in ownership.

                           o        Restriction on mergers or consolidations
                                    unless Borrower is surviving entity.

                           o        Immediate notice to Agent of any material
                                    litigation, default, or adverse change in
                                    the business of the Borrower.

                           o        Maintain adequate insurance.

                           o        Compliance with all applicable regulatory
                                    requirements, including environmental.

FINANCIAL
COVENANTS:                 Usual and customary Financial Covenants for
                           transactions of this nature.

EVENTS OF
DEFAULT:                   Usual and customary Events of Default for
                           transactions of this nature. There will not be any
                           cross-defaults with Comstock Resources, Inc.'s
                           indebtedness.

SALES BY
ASSIGNMENT/
PARTICIPATION:             Assignments will be permitted (i) with the prior
                           written consent of the Agent and Borrower (which
                           consent shall not be unreasonably withheld provided
                           no such consent shall be required in connection with
                           any assignment to an affiliate of the Lenders which
                           is an eligible assignee); provided, however, that if
                           an Event of

CONFIDENTIAL                         PAGE 3                             11/12/01

COMSTOCK HOLDINGS, INC.                   FRIEDMAN, BILLINGS, RAMSEY & CO. INC.

                           Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent
                           of Borrower shall not be required, and (ii) upon
                           payment of a $3,500 assignment fee by Assignor or
                           Assignee Lenders to the Agent. Assignments will be in
                           minimum amounts of $5,000,000, subject to the
                           assigning Lenders selling its entire interest in the
                           Credit Facility or retaining at least a $5,000,000
                           commitment after the sale is consummated.

                           Any Lenders may participate its commitment and
                           outstandings to another person without Borrower's
                           consent. Participants will have limited voting
                           rights.

DOCUMENTATION:             The obligations of the Lenders to make loans under
                           the Credit Facility are subject to the negotiation,
                           execution and delivery of definitive credit
                           documentation (including schedules, exhibits and
                           ancillary documentation) and other support
                           documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.
                           Such documentation shall contain representations and
                           warranties, funding and yield protection provisions,
                           conditions precedent, covenants, events of default
                           and other provisions appropriate for transactions of
                           this nature.

INCREASED COST/
CHANGE OF
CIRCUMSTANCES:             The credit agreement will contain customary
                           provisions protecting the Lenders in the event of
                           unavailability of funding, illegality, increased
                           costs, capital adequacy charges, funding losses,
                           environmental issues, withholding taxes and other tax
                           liabilities.

INDEMNIFICATION:           The Borrower and Guarantor will jointly indemnify the
                           Lead Arranger, Agent and the Lenders against all
                           losses, liabilities, claims, damages, or expenses
                           relative to the Credit Facility, the Borrower's use
                           of loan proceeds, or the commitments, including, but
                           not limited to, legal fees and settlement costs
                           whether or not the transaction contemplated hereby is
                           consummated.

FEES AND
EXPENSES:                  Any and all expenses, including legal fees, incurred
                           by the Lead Arranger and Agent in the preparation of
                           any commitment or any of the loan documents,
                           regardless of whether the transaction closes, and
                           closing of the contemplated Credit Facility will be
                           paid by the Borrower, including, but not limited to,
                           expenses of counsel to Agent. Borrower will not pay
                           any fees and expenses incurred by any other financial
                           institution.

GOVERNING LAW:             The facility shall be governed by and construed in
                           accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

AGENT'S COUNSEL:           Mayer, Brown & Platt

CONFIDENTIAL                         PAGE 4                             11/14/01

COMSTOCK HOLDINGS, INC.                   FRIEDMAN, BILLINGS, RAMSEY & CO. INC.

================================================================================
                    PROPOSED SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
                   $57,000,000 SENIOR SECURED ACQUISITION LOAN
                                 CREDIT FACILITY
                                NOVEMBER 14, 2001
================================================================================

                                     PRICING

INTEREST RATES:            Borrowings shall be available under the Prime Rate
                           option on the Credit Facility. Borrower will pay a
                           margin (the "Applicable Margin") over that rate as
                           detailed below:

                                                       DAY 1-14        DAY 14-30    THEREAFTER
                                                       --------        ---------    ----------

                           Prime Rate Margin (bps)       900             1200          1500

                           Prime Rate: A rate equal to the greater of (i) the
                           rate publicly announced from time to time by Agent as
                           its Prime Rate or (ii) the Federal Funds rate plus
                           .50% per annum. Interest on Prime Rate advances shall
                           accrue on the basis of a 360-day year and shall be
                           payable at maturity.

OTHER FEES:

                 ARRANGEMENT FEE
                 AND AGENCY FEE:    To be negotiated between the Arranger and
                                    Borrower.

                 UPFRONT FEES:      $500,000.00 paid at closing to be shared on
                                    a pro-rata basis with the Lenders.

THIS SUMMARY OF PRICING IS NOT AN OFFER OR A COMMITMENT TO LEND. THESE TERMS ARE
FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY AND, THEREFORE, REMAIN SUBJECT TO MODIFICATION.

CONFIDENTIAL                         PAGE 5                             11/14/01

EX-99.(B)(3)

d92258ex99-b3.txt

COMMITMENT LETTER DATED NOVEMBER 14, 2001

                                                                  EXHIBIT (b)(3)

November 14, 2001

Roland O. Burns
Senior Vice President and
   Chief Financial Officer
Comstock Resources, Inc.
5300 Town and Country  Blvd.
Suite 500
Frisco, Texas  75034

                                COMMITMENT LETTER

Dear Roland:

         TD Securities (USA) Inc. ("TD Securities"), as arranger for Toronto
Dominion (Texas), Inc. ("TDTX"), is pleased to advise you that, subject to the
terms and conditions herein, TDTX is willing to provide DevX Energy, Inc.
("DevX") ("You" or the "Borrower") with the following credit facility (the
"Facility") in conjunction with the acquisition of DevX by Comstock Resources,
Inc. ("Comstock"):

                  A $48,500,000 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility for
                  DevX Energy, Inc. with an initial Borrowing Base of
                  $48,500,000 as outlined in Exhibit A described below.

         The Facility will be used to refinance existing indebtedness, make
certain distributions and for general corporate purposes and as are more fully
described in the Summary of Terms and Conditions attached hereto as Exhibits A
(the "Term Sheet").

         TD Securities will act as the sole and exclusive advisor and arranger
for the Facility, and TDTX will act as the sole and exclusive administrative
agent. As we have discussed, it is the intent of TD Securities to commence the
syndication of the Facility to one or more banks and financial institutions
(together with TDTX, the "Lenders") promptly following the execution of this
commitment letter and we intend to complete the syndication efforts prior to
closing of the Facility. TD Securities shall be entitled, in consultation with
you, before or after closing, to change the pricing and Borrowing Base of the
Facilities if TD Securities determines that such changes are advisable in order
to ensure a successful syndication (to be defined as a final hold by TDTX of
$7,275,000 of the $48,500,000 Borrowing Base outlined in the Term Sheet) and, if
such changes are required after the closing, You agree to enter into such
modifications of the credit documents as may be reasonably necessary or
appropriate to effectuate the foregoing. Any decrease to the Borrowing Base will
be limited to 10% of the amount committed hereto.

         TD Securities, as arranger for TDTX, will manage, in consultation with
the Borrower, all aspects of the syndication, including decisions as to the
selection of institutions to be approached and when they will be approached,
when their commitments will be accepted, which institutions will participate,
the allocation of the commitments among the Lenders and the amount and
distribution of fees among the Lenders. You agree to actively assist TD
Securities in achieving a syndication that is

Comstock Resources, Inc.
November 14, 2001

satisfactory to you and TDTX. In that regard, you agree (i) promptly to provide,
and to cause your advisors to provide, TD Securities upon request with all
information reasonably deemed necessary by it to complete successfully the
syndication including, but not limited to, information and projections prepared
by you or on your behalf relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and
(ii) to assist, and to cause your advisors to assist, TD Securities upon request
in the preparation of an information memorandum and other marketing materials to
be used in connection with the syndication. You hereby represent and covenant
that all (i) information (other than projections) provided by you or your
advisors to TD Securities is, or will be when furnished, complete and correct in
all material respects and does not, or will not when furnished, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the
circumstances under which such statements are made and (ii) the projections you
have provided or will provide to TD Securities have been or will be prepared in
good faith based upon reasonable assumptions. You acknowledge that in arranging
and syndicating the Facility, TD Securities may use, and rely on, information
and projections provided by you without independent verification. You also
acknowledge that TD Securities will share credit and other non-public
information about you and your affiliates with TDTX and other affiliates.

         The Facility will be provided pursuant to the terms and conditions of,
and shall become effective only upon the execution and delivery of a mutually
satisfactory credit agreement and other definitive loan documentation
incorporating the terms and conditions set forth in the Term Sheet, your payment
of certain fees to TD Securities and TDTX as agreed between the parties and
other terms and conditions customarily included in credit facilities of this
type, amount and purpose. These terms and conditions will necessarily be further
developed during the course of preparing and negotiating the loan documentation.

         TDTX's commitment hereunder is further subject to: (i) satisfactory
completion of due diligence (excluding an engineering review used to determine
the Borrowing Base); (ii) the truth and accuracy in all material respects of the
financial statements and other information provided to TD Securities by the
Borrower; (iii) the absence of any material adverse change in either the
business, assets, liabilities, financial condition, prospects or results of
operations of the Borrower and its affiliates; (iv) the absence of any material
adverse change in or disruption of financial, banking or capital market
conditions (including the loan syndication market) existing now or in the
future, that in the judgment of TD Securities and TDTX would adversely affect
the satisfactory completion of the syndication of the Facility; and (v) the
satisfaction of TD Securities and TDTX that clear market conditions exist and
will exist prior to and during the syndication for obligations of the Facility.

         The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless TD Securities, TDTX,
the Lenders, the issuer of letters of credit, their affiliates and their
respective officers, directors, employees, advisors and agents (each, an
"Indemnified Person") from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and
liabilities to which any such Indemnified Person may become subject arising out
of or in connection with this letter, the Facilities, the use of proceeds
thereof, the other transactions contemplated hereby, any related transaction or
any claim, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing,
regardless

                                      -2-

Comstock Resources, Inc.
November 14, 2001

of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto, and to reimburse each
Indemnified Person upon demand for any costs or expenses (including legal fees)
incurred in connection with investigating or defending any of the foregoing,
provided that the foregoing indemnity will not, as to any Indemnified Person,
apply to losses, claims, damages or liabilities to the extent they arise from
the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnified Person. No
Indemnified Person shall be liable for any indirect or consequential damages in
connection with its activities related to this letter or the Facility.

         In addition, whether or not any loans are made, the Borrowers agree to
reimburse TD Securities, TDTX and their affiliates on demand for all
out-of-pocket expenses (including due diligence expenses, syndication expenses,
consultant's fees and expenses, printing and reproduction costs, appraisal fees,
travel expenses and reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel)
incurred in connection with the Facility and the preparation, review,
negotiation, execution and delivery of any related documentation, whether or not
executed (including this letter, the Term Sheet and definitive financing
documentation) and the administration, amendment, modification or waiver
thereof.

         The terms of this letter may be accepted by Comstock prior to 8:00 p.m.
(New York time) on November 14, 2001 in the manner indicated in the final
paragraph of this letter. If this letter is not so accepted by such time on that
date, this commitment shall automatically expire unless extended in writing by
TD Securities.

         In addition, unless extended in writing at the sole discretion of TD
Securities, all obligations of TDTX and TD Securities under this letter shall
expire automatically, without further act and regardless of cause or
circumstances on January 11, 2002 if definitive loan documentation is not
executed and delivered by all the parties thereto. The loan documents will be
effective upon the merger of Comstock Acquisition, Inc. with and into DevX.
Notwithstanding anything stated herein to the contrary, the compensation,
reimbursement and indemnification provisions hereof shall survive any
termination or expiration hereof, regardless of whether definitive financing
agreements are executed.

         This letter is delivered to you on the condition that neither its
existence nor any of its contents shall be disclosed by you to any person or
entity without TD Securities' prior written approval, except (i) as may be
compelled to be disclosed in a judicial or administrative proceeding or as
otherwise required by law, (ii) as may be disclosed on a confidential and "need
to know" basis to your directors, officers, employees, advisers, and agents, and
(iii) after your acceptance of the terms hereof, the existence of this letter
and a summary of the principal terms and conditions of TDTX's commitment
hereunder may be disclosed in any public filings to be made in connection with
the tender offer for DevX (as defined in the Term Sheet), provided that any such
disclosure that is in writing shall be subject to TD Securities' prior review
and approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

         If the foregoing is satisfactory to you, please have the enclosed copy
of this letter duly executed by an authorized officer and return copies to us.
This letter may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
be an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one
agreement. THIS WRITTEN LETTER AND THE TERM SHEET REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT
BETWEEN THE

                                      -3-

Comstock Resources, Inc.
November 14, 2001

PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR
SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL
AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. This letter and the Term Sheet may not be
assigned by you without the prior written consent of TD Securities, TDTX and the
issuer of letters of credit in their sole discretion and may not be amended or
any provision hereof or thereof waived or modified except by an instrument in
writing signed by each of the parties hereto. No person or entity other than the
parties hereto shall have any rights under or be entitled to rely upon this
letter or the Term Sheet. THIS LETTER AND THE TERM SHEET SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Delivery of
an executed signature page by facsimile shall be effective execution and
delivery

         Please indicate your consent and agreement by your signature below.

Very truly yours,

TD Securities (USA) Inc.

/s/ Mark M. Green

Mark M. Green
Managing Director

Agreed to as of the date first above written:

Comstock Resources, Inc.

By:  /s/ Roland O. Burns
    ----------------------------------------
       Name: Roland O. Burns
       Title: Senior Vice President and
              Chief Financial Officer

                                      -4-

                                    EXHIBIT A
                                                                        11/14/01

                                DEVX ENERGY, INC.
                  $48,500,000 SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING FACILITY

                         SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

BORROWER:                  DevX Energy, Inc. (or successor company) -
                           ("Borrower").

FACILITY AMOUNT:           $48,500,000 senior secured revolving credit facility
                           (the "Facility"), with an initial Borrowing Base of
                           $48,500,000.

ARRANGER:                  TD Securities (USA), Inc.

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:      TD (Texas), Inc. (the "Agent").

LENDERS:                   The Facility will be syndicated to a group of
                           financial institutions mutually agreeable to the
                           Arranger and the Borrower.

MAJORITY LENDERS:          66 2/3%

PURPOSE:                   The following are the proposed uses of the Facility:

                           i)       To fund the repurchase of approximately
                                    $42,000,000 of common stock from Comstock
                                    Holdings, Inc.,

                           ii)      Refinance existing indebtedness, and

                           iii)     General corporate purposes

MATURITY:                  Three years from closing.

SECURITY:                  The Facility will be secured by perfected security
                           interests in substantially all of the assets of the
                           Borrower including a first priority deed of trust,
                           assignment and security interest in oil and gas
                           properties constituting at least 80% of the present
                           value of the Borrower's proved reserves.

PRICING:                   See Attachment I for all spreads and fees.

AVAILABILITY:              The Facility will be fully revolving for three years,
                           subject to the Borrowing Base.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

AMORTIZATION:              The Facility will remain subject to the Borrowing
                           Base provisions outlined below, and all amounts
                           outstanding under the Facility will be due and
                           payable at Maturity.

BORROWING                  BASE: The Borrowing Base shall be redetermined
                           semi-annually, each May 1st and November 1st during
                           the term of the Facility. The May Borrowing Base will
                           be calculated based upon a Reserve Report dated as of
                           each January 1st. The November Borrowing Base will be
                           calculated based upon a Reserve Report dated as of
                           each July 1st.

                           The Reserve Report dated as of each January 1st shall
                           be delivered by April 1st of each year and shall
                           consist of independent engineering evaluations on all
                           of the Borrower's oil and gas properties. Evaluations
                           shall be prepared by independent engineering firms
                           acceptable to the Agent in its reasonable judgement.
                           The July 1st Reserve Report shall be delivered by
                           October 1st and may be prepared by the Borrower in
                           accordance with accepted industry practices.

                           Subsequent to the receipt of the Reserve Report, the
                           Agent shall propose a Borrowing Base to the Lenders.
                           The proposed Borrowing Base will be determined using
                           the Agent's then standard oil and gas lending
                           parameters (such parameters shall include, but not be
                           limited to, commodity prices, and projections of
                           production, operating expenses, general and
                           administrative expenses, capital costs, working
                           capital requirements and liquidity, dividend
                           payments, obligations, and environmental and legal
                           costs). Such Borrowing Base must be approved by 75%
                           of the Lenders (the "Required Lenders") for
                           affirmations or decreases and 100% of the Lenders for
                           any increase.

                           The Required Lenders and the Borrower may, once a
                           year, request an additional Borrowing Base
                           redetermination (a "Requested Redetermination"). If
                           the Required Lenders or the Borrower seeks a
                           Requested Redetermination, the Agent shall propose a
                           Borrowing Base for approval using the criteria for
                           redetermining the Borrowing Base as discussed above.
                           Any Requested Redetermination shall be effective when
                           the Borrower is notified of the amount of the
                           Borrowing Base by the Agent.

OPTIONAL PREPAYMENTS/
COMMITMENT                 REDUCTIONS: All or a portion of the outstanding loans
                           under the Facility may be prepaid at any time and
                           commitments may be terminated in whole or in part at
                           the Borrower's option, subject to breakage costs in
                           the case of loans based on LIBOR if prepayment occurs
                           other than at the end of an applicable interest
                           period.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

MANDATORY PREPAYMENTS/
COMMITMENT REDUCTIONS:     Outstandings under the Facility will be required to
                           be prepaid in the amount by which such loans exceed
                           the Borrowing Base at any time (the "Deficiency").
                           Any Deficiency will be cured through three equal
                           monthly payments beginning one month following notice
                           of such Deficiency. Other prepayments will be
                           required following asset sales if the effect of such
                           asset sale is or would be a Deficiency.

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO CLOSING:      Substantially similar to Comstock's existing bank
                           credit agreement including, but not limited to the
                           successful completion of the tender for the Borrower
                           by Comstock (to be defined as a tender in excess of
                           50% of the Borrower's common stock), execution of
                           other financing arrangements needed to complete the
                           tender in form satisfactory to the Agent, execution
                           of definitive credit documentation satisfactory to
                           the Agent; satisfactory legal opinions and
                           satisfactory collateral documents.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES:            Substantially similar to Comstock's existing bank
                           credit agreement including, but not limited to
                           authorization and enforceability, absence of default
                           or event of default and absence of material adverse
                           change.

AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS:                 Substantially similar to Comstock's existing bank
                           credit agreement including, but not limited to
                           maintenance of corporate existence and rights,
                           compliance with applicable laws (including
                           environmental laws); performance of obligations;
                           maintenance of properties and maintenance of
                           appropriate and adequate insurance.

NEGATIVE COVENANTS:        Substantially similar to Comstock's existing bank
                           credit agreement including, but not limited to
                           limitations on indebtedness, liens, mergers, asset
                           dispositions, dividends and the repayment of the
                           existing Senior Notes (amount to be negotiated).
                           Financial covenants will include the following:

                           a)       CURRENT RATIO: Borrower will maintain a
                                    minimum current ratio (including
                                    unused/available portion of Facility and
                                    excluding Current Maturities of Long Term
                                    Debt) of at least 1.0 to 1.0.

                           b)       MINIMUM TANGIBLE NET WORTH: 80% of the
                                    Borrower's shareholder's equity as of
                                    September 30, 2001; increasing by 75% of any
                                    non-redeemable preferred or common stock
                                    offerings and 50% of net income (test to
                                    exclude non-cash charges related to FAS 121
                                    impairments or ceiling test writedowns after
                                    September 30, 2001).

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

                           c)       INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO: Borrower will
                                    maintain a minimum EBITDA to consolidated
                                    interest expense of 2.5 to 1.0 to be
                                    calculated on a rolling, four quarters
                                    basis.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT:         Substantially similar to Comstock's existing bank
                           credit agreement including, but not limited to:
                           nonpayment of principal, interest or fees when due,
                           violation of covenants, material breach of
                           representations and warranties, cross default to
                           other debt including Comstock debt, bankruptcy,
                           inability to pay liabilities in the normal course of
                           business, material judgments, change in control and
                           events of default under certain other material
                           agreements.

EXPENSES AND
INDEMNIFICATION:           All reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent
                           associated with the syndication, preparation,
                           execution, delivery, waiver, modification,
                           administration and enforcement of the Credit
                           Agreement and the other documentation contemplated
                           thereby (including the reasonable fees, charges and
                           disbursements of counsel and other consultants and
                           allocated internal collateral examination and
                           monitoring charges) are to be paid by the Borrower
                           whether or not the transaction is consummated.

                           The Borrower will indemnify the Agent and the other
                           Lenders and hold them harmless from and against all
                           costs, expenses (including reasonable fees, charges
                           and disbursements of counsel) and liabilities,
                           including those resulting from any litigation or
                           other proceedings (regardless of whether the Agent or
                           any other Lender is a party thereto), related to or
                           arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby;
                           provided that neither the Agent nor any other Lender
                           will be indemnified for its gross negligence or
                           willful misconduct.

AGENT'S COUNSEL:           Mayer, Brown and Platt

GOVERNING LAW:             New York

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

                                  ATTACHMENT I
                                INTEREST SPREADS

FUNDING SPREADS:           With regard to the Revolver, at Borrower's option:

                           (i)      Base Rate, or

                           (ii)     1, 2 or 3 month LIBOR, plus applicable
                                    margin indicated below

                                  PRICING GRID
                      (EXPRESSED IN BASIS POINTS PER ANNUM)

                    PRICING LEVEL                      LEVEL I            LEVEL II
                    -------------                      -------            --------

                    Libor Margin                         200                 225
                    Base Rate Margin                     100                 125
                    Commitment Fee                        50                  50

                    PRICING LEVEL                          BORROWING BASE UTILIZATION
                    --------------                         --------------------------

                       Level I                                   Less than 49.9%
                       Level II                                  50% or Greater

The above spreads will increase by 200 bps, 30 days after the first call date
for the Borrower's existing Senior Notes.

Interest spreads during any Deficiency (when outstanding exposure exceeds the
Borrowing Base then in effect), will increase by 200 bps on the outstanding
amount.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            [TD SECURITIES LOGO]

EX-99.(D)(1)

d92258ex99-d1.txt

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                                                  EXHIBIT (d)(1)

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                      AMONG

                            COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC.,

                            COMSTOCK HOLDINGS, INC.,

                            COMSTOCK ACQUISITION INC.

                                       AND

                                DEVX ENERGY, INC.

                          DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 12, 2001

                                

                                                                                          PAGE
                                                                                          ----

ARTICLE I             DEFINITIONS ....................................................       1

     SECTION 1.01          Definitions ...............................................       1

ARTICLE II            THE OFFER ......................................................       5

     SECTION 2.01          The Offer .................................................       5
     SECTION 2.02          Company Action ............................................       8

ARTICLE III           THE MERGER .....................................................       9

     SECTION 3.01          The Merger ................................................       9
     SECTION 3.02          Effective Time; Closing ...................................       9
     SECTION 3.03          Effect of the Merger ......................................      10
     SECTION 3.04          Certificate of Incorporation; By-laws .....................      10
     SECTION 3.05          Directors and Officers ....................................      10
     SECTION 3.06          Conversion of Securities ..................................      10
     SECTION 3.07          Dissenting Shares .........................................      11
     SECTION 3.08          Surrender of Shares; Stock Transfer Books .................      11

ARTICLE IV            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY ..................      12

     SECTION 4.01          Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries ..............      12
     SECTION 4.02          Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws ..................      13
     SECTION 4.03          Capitalization ............................................      13
     SECTION 4.04          Authority Relative to This Agreement ......................      14
     SECTION 4.05          No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents ................      14
     SECTION 4.06          Permits; Compliance .......................................      15
     SECTION 4.07          SEC Filings; Financial Statements .........................      16
     SECTION 4.08          Absence of Certain Changes or Events ......................      16
     SECTION 4.09          Absence of Litigation .....................................      17
     SECTION 4.10          Employee Benefit Plans ....................................      17
     SECTION 4.11          Labor and Employment Matters ..............................      19
     SECTION 4.12          Offer Documents; Schedule 14D-9 ...........................      20
     SECTION 4.13          Oil and Gas Operations ....................................      20
     SECTION 4.14          Gas Imbalances ............................................      20
     SECTION 4.15          Oil and Gas Agreements ....................................      20
     SECTION 4.16          Properties ................................................      20
     SECTION 4.17          Oil and Gas Reserves ......................................      21
     SECTION 4.18          Take-or-Pay Deliveries ....................................      22
     SECTION 4.19          Hedging ...................................................      22
     SECTION 4.20          Intellectual Property .....................................      22
     SECTION 4.21          Taxes .....................................................      22
     SECTION 4.22          Environmental Matters .....................................      23
     SECTION 4.23          Material Contracts ........................................      23
     SECTION 4.24          Insurance .................................................      25
     SECTION 4.25          Brokers ...................................................      25
     SECTION 4.26          Opinion of Financial Advisors .............................      25

                                       -i-

ARTICLE V             REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND PURCHASER .........      25

     SECTION 5.01          Corporate Organization ....................................      25
     SECTION 5.02          Authority Relative to This Agreement ......................      26
     SECTION 5.03          No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents ................      26
     SECTION 5.04          Offer Documents; Proxy Statement ..........................      27
     SECTION 5.05          Brokers ...................................................      27
     SECTION 5.06          Absence of Litigation .....................................      27

ARTICLE VI            CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER .........................      27

     SECTION 6.01          Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger .....      27

ARTICLE VII           ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS ..........................................      30

     SECTION 7.01          Stockholders' Meeting .....................................      30
     SECTION 7.02          Proxy Statement ...........................................      30
     SECTION 7.03          Company Board Representation; Section 14(f) ...............      31
     SECTION 7.04          Access to Information; Confidentiality ....................      31
     SECTION 7.05          No Solicitation of Transactions ...........................      32
     SECTION 7.06          Employee Matters ..........................................      33
     SECTION 7.07          Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance ....      33
     SECTION 7.08          Notification of Certain Matters ...........................      34
     SECTION 7.09          Further Action; Reasonable Best Efforts ...................      34
     SECTION 7.10          Public Announcements ......................................      35
     SECTION 7.11          Confidentiality Agreement .................................      35

ARTICLE VIII          CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER .......................................      35

     SECTION 8.01          Conditions to the Merger ..................................      35

ARTICLE IX            TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER ..............................      36

     SECTION 9.01          Termination ...............................................      36
     SECTION 9.02          Effect of Termination .....................................      37
     SECTION 9.03          Fees ......................................................      37
     SECTION 9.04          Amendment .................................................      38
     SECTION 9.05          Waiver ....................................................      38

ARTICLE X             GENERAL PROVISIONS .............................................      38

     SECTION 10.01         Notices ...................................................      38
                           if to CRI, Holdings or Purchaser: .........................      38
     SECTION 10.02         Severability ..............................................      39
     SECTION 10.03         Entire Agreement; Assignment ..............................      39
     SECTION 10.04         Parties in Interest .......................................      39
     SECTION 10.06         Governing Law .............................................      40
     SECTION 10.07         Waiver of Jury Trial ......................................      40
     SECTION 10.08         Headings ..................................................      40
     SECTION 10.09         Counterparts ..............................................      40

Annex A  Conditions to the Offer

                                      -ii-

         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of November 12, 2001 (this
"Agreement"), among COMSTOCK RESOURCES, INC., a Delaware corporation ("CRI"),
COMSTOCK HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Holdings"), COMSTOCK
ACQUISITION INC., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Holdings ("Purchaser"), and DEVX ENERGY, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company").

         WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of CRI, Holdings, Purchaser and the
Company have each determined that it is in the best interests of their
respective stockholders for Holdings to acquire the Company upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein;

         WHEREAS, in furtherance of such acquisition, Purchaser shall make a
cash tender offer (the "Offer") to acquire all the shares of common stock, par
value $0.234 per share, of the Company ("Shares") that are issued and
outstanding for $7.32 per Share (such amount, or any greater amount per Share
paid pursuant to the Offer, being the "Per Share Amount"), net to the seller in
cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and the
Offer;

         WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") has
approved the making of the Offer and resolved to recommend that holders of
Shares tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer; and

         WHEREAS, also in furtherance of such acquisition, the Boards of
Directors of CRI, Holdings, Purchaser and the Company have each approved this
Agreement and declared its advisability and approved the merger (the "Merger")
of Purchaser with and into the Company in accordance with the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law"), following the
consummation of the Offer and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound
hereby, CRI, Holdings, Purchaser and the Company hereby agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                                   DEFINITIONS

         SECTION 1.01 Definitions. (a) For purposes of this Agreement:

         "Acquisition Proposal" means any offer from any third party to acquire
by any means all or any substantial part of the assets or the shares of capital
stock of the Company or of any Subsidiary.

         "affiliate" of a specified person means a person who, directly or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with, such specified person.

         "beneficial owner", with respect to any Shares, has the meaning
ascribed to such term under Rule 13d-3(a) of the Exchange Act.

         "business day" means any day on which the principal offices of the SEC
in Washington, D.C. are open to accept filings; or, in the case of determining a
date when any payment is due, any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which
banks are not required or authorized to close in the City of New York.

         "control" (including the terms "controlled by" and "under common
control with") means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise;

         "Environmental Law" means any United States federal, state, local or
non-United States law relating to (i) releases or threatened releases of
Hazardous Substances or materials containing Hazardous Substances; (ii) the
manufacture, handling, transport, use, treatment, storage or disposal of
Hazardous Substances or materials containing Hazardous Substances; or (iii)
pollution or protection of the environment.

         "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) under common control with the Company or any Subsidiary and which,
together with the Company or any Subsidiary, is treated as a single employer
within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.

         "Hazardous Substances" means (i) those substances defined in or
regulated under the following United States federal statutes and their state
counterparts, and all regulations thereunder: the Hazardous Materials
Transportation Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Clean
Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Atomic Energy Act, the Federal
Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Clean Air Act; (ii)
polychlorinated biphenyls, and (iii) any substance, material or waste regulated
by any Governmental Authority pursuant to any Environmental Law.

         "knowledge of the Company" means the actual knowledge of any director
or officer of the Company.

         "Liens" mean liens, security interests, charges, mortgages or other
encumbrances of any kind.

         "Material Adverse Effect" means, when used in connection with the
Company or any Subsidiary, any event, circumstance, change or effect that is or
is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business or financial
condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; provided that in
no event shall any of the following be deemed to constitute or be taken into
account in determining a Material Adverse Effect: any event, circumstance,
change or effect that results from (i) changes affecting the economy generally,
(ii) changes in the market price of natural gas, (iii) the public announcement
or pendency of the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
hereby, or (iv) changes in the price of the Company's common stock.

                                      -2-

         "Oil and Gas Agreements" means the following types of agreements or
contracts to which the Company or a Subsidiary is a party, whether as an
original party, by succession or assignment or otherwise: oil and gas leases,
farm-in and farm-out agreements, agreements providing for an overriding royalty
interest, agreements providing for a royalty interest, agreements providing for
a net profits interest, crude oil or natural gas sales or purchase contracts,
joint operating agreements, unit operating agreements, unit agreements, field
equipment leases, and agreements restricting the Company or a Subsidiary's
ability to operate, obtain, explore for or develop interests in a particular
geographic area.

         "person" means an individual (including, without limitation, a "person"
as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), corporation, partnership,
limited partnership, limited liability company, syndicate, trust, association or
entity or government, political subdivision, agency or instrumentality of a
government.

         "subsidiary" or "subsidiaries" of the Company, the Surviving
Corporation, CRI or any other person means any and all corporations,
partnerships, joint ventures, associations, limited liability companies and
other entities controlled by such person, directly or indirectly, through one or
more intermediaries.

         "Superior Proposal" means any Acquisition Proposal which the Board
determines, in its good faith judgment (after having received the advice of FBR
or such other financial advisor of recognized reputation), to be more favorable
to the Company's stockholders than the Offer and the Merger and for which
financing, to the extent required, is then committed.

         "Suspension Event" means the occurrence of any of the following: (i)
any general suspension of trading in, or limitation on prices for, securities on
any national securities exchange, Nasdaq or in the over-the-counter market in
the United States, (ii) a declaration of a general banking moratorium or any
suspension of payments in respect of banks in the United States, or (iii) any
limitation (whether or not mandatory) by any Governmental Authority on, or other
event that materially and adversely affects, the extension of credit by banks or
other lending institutions.

         "Tax" or "Taxes" shall mean any and all taxes, fees, levies, duties,
tariffs, imposts and other charges of any kind (together with any and all
interest, penalties, additions to tax and additional amounts imposed with
respect thereto) imposed by any Governmental Authority or taxing authority,
including, without limitation: taxes or other charges on or with respect to
income, franchise, windfall or other profits, gross receipts, property, sales,
use, capital stock, payroll, employment, social security, workers' compensation,
unemployment compensation or net worth; taxes or other charges in the nature of
excise, withholding, ad valorem, stamp, transfer, value-added or gains taxes;
license, registration and documentation fees; and customers' duties, tariffs and
similar charges.

                                      -3-

         (b) The following terms have the meaning set forth in the Sections set
forth below:

                DEFINED TERM                                    LOCATION OF DEFINITION
                ------------                                    ----------------------

          Ableco Indebtedness                                      Section 6.01(e)
          Action                                                   Section 4.09
          AFE                                                      Section 6.01(j)
          Agreement                                                Preamble
          Blue Sky Laws                                            Section 4.05(b)
          Board                                                    Recitals
          Certificate of Merger                                    Section 3.02
          Certificates                                             Section 3.09(b)
          Code                                                     Section 4.10(b)
          Company                                                  Preamble
          Company Preferred Stock                                  Section 4.03
          Company's Oil and Gas Interests                          Section 4.16(a)
          Company Stock Option                                     Section 3.07
          Company Stock Option Plans                               Section 3.07
          Confidentiality Agreement                                Section 7.04(b)
          CRI                                                      Preamble
          D&O                                                      Section 7.07(b)
          Delaware Law                                             Recitals
          Disclosure Schedule                                      Section 4.01(b)
          Dissenting Shares                                        Section 3.08(a)
          Effective Time                                           Section 3.02
          ERISA                                                    Section 4.10(a)
          Exchange Act                                             Section 2.01(a)
          Fairness Opinion                                         Section 2.02(a)
          Fee                                                      Section 9.03(a)
          FBR                                                      Section 2.02
          GAAP                                                     Section 4.07(b)
          Good and Marketable Title                                Section 4.16(b)
          Governmental Authority                                   Section 4.05(b)
          Holdings                                                 Preamble
          Hydrocarbons                                             Section 4.13(b)
          Initial Expiration Date                                  Section 2.01(a)
          IRS                                                      Section 4.10(a)
          Material Contracts                                       Section 4.23 (a)
          Material Subsidiary                                      Section 4.01(c)
          Merger                                                   Recitals
          Merger Consideration                                     Section 2.01(d)
          Minimum Condition                                        Section 2.01(a)
          Multiemployer Plan                                       Section 4.10(b)
          Multiple Employer Plan                                   Section 4.10(b)
          Offer                                                    Recitals
          Offer Documents                                          Section 2.01(e)
          Offer to Purchase                                        Section 2.01(e)

                                      -4-

          Outstanding Options                                      Section 2.01(b)
          Outstanding Warrants                                     Section 2.01(c)
          Paying Agent                                             Section 3.09(a)
          Permits                                                  Section 4.06
          Per Share Amount                                         Recitals
          Plans                                                    Section 4.10(a)
          Proxy Statement                                          Section 4.12
          Purchaser                                                Preamble
          Recent Balance Sheet                                     Section 4.07(c)
          Reserve Report                                           Section 4.17
          Schedule 14D-9                                           Section 2.02(b)
          Schedule TO                                              Section 2.01(e)
          SEC                                                      Section 2.01(a)
          SEC Reports                                              Section 4.07(a)
          Securities Act                                           Section 4.07(a)
          Shares                                                   Recitals
          Share Acceptance Date                                    Section 2.01
          Stockholders' Meeting                                    Section 7.01(a)
          Subsidiary                                               Section 4.01(a)
          Surviving Corporation                                    Section 3.03
          Transactions                                             Section 2.02(a)
          Warrant                                                  Section 3.07

                                   ARTICLE II
                                    THE OFFER

         SECTION 2.01 The Offer.

              (a) Provided that none of the events set forth in Annex A hereto
shall have occurred or be continuing, Purchaser shall commence the Offer as
promptly as reasonably practicable but in no event later than seven (7) business
days after the date hereof. The obligation of Purchaser to accept for payment
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer shall be subject to (i) the condition (the
"Minimum Condition") that at least the number of Shares tendered shall
constitute a 50% plus one share of the sum of the number of then outstanding
Shares plus all Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Outstanding Options (as
of the business day preceding the Initial Expiration Date) and Outstanding
Warrants (as of the business day preceding the Initial Expiration Date) shall
have been validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the
Offer and (ii) the satisfaction or waiver of each of the other conditions set
forth in Annex A hereto. Purchaser expressly reserves the right to waive any
such condition set forth in Annex A, to increase the Per Share Amount, and to
make any other changes in the terms and conditions of the Offer; provided,
however, that no change may be made which decreases the Per Share Amount,
changes the form of consideration payable, reduces the maximum number of Shares
to be purchased in the Offer or imposes or modifies (other than to waive)
conditions to the Offer in addition to those set forth in Annex A hereto.
Subject to the terms of the Offer and this Agreement and the satisfaction or
waiver of the Minimum Condition as of the scheduled expiration date, which shall
initially be 20 business days following the commencement of the

                                      -5-

Offer, and the other conditions set forth in Annex A hereto, Purchaser will
accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn
pursuant to the Offer as soon as practicable after such expiration date of the
Offer (such date, as extended pursuant to this Agreement, the "Share Acceptance
Date"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall be entitled to extend the
Offer from time to time without the consent of the Company: (i) until no later
than January 11, 2002 if at the initial expiration of the Offer, which will be
12:00 midnight eastern standard time on the twentieth business day following
commencement of the Offer, as may be extended (the "Initial Expiration Date"),
the Minimum Condition is not satisfied, or (ii) until no later than December 31,
2001, if at the Initial Expiration Date, the Minimum Condition is satisfied, but
any other condition to the Offer is not satisfied or waived. Purchaser agrees to
extend the Offer from time to time until not later than December 31, 2001, if at
the then scheduled expiration date, the Minimum Condition has not been satisfied
or waived as permitted by this Agreement. Any extension of the Offer pursuant to
this Section 2.01 shall not, without the written consent of the Company, exceed
the number of days that Purchaser reasonably believes will be necessary so that
the Minimum Condition will be satisfied. In addition, Purchaser may, without the
consent of the Company, extend any then scheduled expiration date of the Offer
for any period required by applicable rules, regulations, interpretations or
positions of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or the staff
thereof applicable to the Offer or for any period required by applicable law. If
the Initial Expiration Date has occurred, but fewer than 90% of the Shares have
been validly tendered and not withdrawn as of the Initial Expiration Date,
Purchaser may provide for a subsequent offering period (as contemplated by Rule
14d-11 under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) as
long as providing for the subsequent offering period does not require the
extension of the initial offer period under applicable rules and regulations of
the SEC, which subsequent offering period shall not exceed 20 business days. In
addition, the Per Share Amount may be increased and the Offer may be extended to
the extent required by law in connection with such increase in each case without
the consent of the Company. On or prior to the dates that Purchaser becomes
obligated to accept for payment and pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer,
Holdings shall provide or cause to be provided to Purchaser the funds necessary
to pay for all Shares that Purchaser becomes so obligated to accept for payment
and pay for pursuant to the Offer.

         The Per Share Amount shall, subject to applicable withholding of taxes,
be net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
the Offer. Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to the applicable rules of
the SEC and the terms and conditions of the Offer, Purchaser expressly reserves
the right to delay payment for Shares in order to comply in whole or in part
with applicable laws. Any such delay shall be effected in compliance with Rule
14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act.

              (b) Following the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall
use its reasonable best efforts to cause all holders (and such holders' spouses)
of options to purchase Shares granted under the Company's 1997 Incentive Stock
Option Plan and the Company's Directors Non-Qualified Option Plan , each as
amended through the date of this Agreement (the "Company Stock Option Plans"),
to execute prior to the Initial Expiration Date an Option Relinquishment and
Release Agreement (herein so called) in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.
At the Share Acceptance Date, Purchaser shall cause the Paying Agent to pay to
such holders who have previously delivered an Option Relinquishment and Release
Agreement the cash amount equal to the product of (i) the number of Shares
subject to such option (irrespective of

                                      -6-

whether such option is then exercisable) and (ii) the amount by which the Per
Share Amount exceeds the exercise or strike price per Share subject to such
option less any required withholding taxes. In the event that an option holder
fails to deliver an Option Relinquishment and Release Agreement prior to the
Initial Expiration Date, such holder's options (the "Outstanding Options")
shall, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the governing Company
Stock Option Plan and the holder's stock option agreement(s), be converted
without any action on the part of the holder thereof into the right to receive
Merger Consideration upon the exercise of such holder's options in accordance
with, and within the time period prescribed by, the applicable Company Stock
Option Plan and the holder's stock option agreement(s). The Purchaser shall pay,
or cause the Paying Agent to pay, to each holder of Outstanding Options, the
Merger Consideration, less any required withholding taxes, as promptly as
practicable after receiving a valid exercise of such options by the holder
thereof. To the extent that options to purchase the Company's common stock are
exercised by holders prior to the Effective Time, such holders shall receive
certificates evidencing the Shares underlying the options and may surrender such
certificates to the Paying Agent at the Effective Time for payment in cash as
provided in Article III hereof.

              (c) Following the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall
send to holders of warrants to purchase Shares written notice of the Offer and
Merger and such information required by the terms of such warrant. The Company
shall send to all such persons a Warrant Relinquishment and Release Agreement
(herein so called) in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B and shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause all holders of warrants (and such holders'
spouses) to execute prior to the Initial Expiration Date a Warrant
Relinquishment and Release Agreement. At the Share Acceptance Date, Purchaser
shall cause the Paying Agent to pay to such holders who have previously
delivered a Warrant Relinquishment and Release Agreement the cash amount equal
to the product of (i) the number of Shares subject to such warrant and (ii) the
amount by which the Per Share Amount exceeds the exercise price per share of
Shares subject to such warrant less any required withholding taxes. In the event
that a warrant holder fails to deliver a Warrant Relinquishment and Release
Agreement prior to the Initial Expiration Date, such holder's warrants (the
"Outstanding Warrants") shall, in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the Outstanding Warrant be converted without any action on the part of the
holder thereof into the right to receive Merger Consideration upon the exercise
of such holder's warrants in accordance with the warrant agreement(s). The
Purchaser shall pay, or cause the Paying Agent to pay, to each holder of
Outstanding Warrants, the Merger Consideration, less any required withholding
taxes, as promptly as practicable after receiving a valid exercise of such
warrants by the holder thereof. To the extent that warrants to purchase the
Shares are exercised by holders prior to the Effective Time, such holders shall
receive certificates evidencing the Shares underlying the warrants and may
surrender such certificates to the Paying Agent at the Effective Time for
payment in cash as provided in Article III hereof.

              (d) If the payment equal to the Per Share Amount in cash (the
"Merger Consideration") is to be made to a person other than the person in whose
name the surrendered certificate formerly evidencing Shares is registered on the
stock transfer books of the Company, it shall be a condition of payment that the
certificate so surrendered shall be endorsed properly or otherwise be in proper
form for transfer and that the person requesting such payment shall have paid
all transfer and other taxes required by reason of the payment of the Merger
Consideration to a person other than the registered holder of the certificate
surrendered, or shall have

                                      -7-

established to the satisfaction of Purchaser that such taxes either have been
paid or are not applicable.

              (e) As promptly as reasonably practicable on the date of
commencement of the Offer, Purchaser shall file with the SEC a Tender Offer
Statement on Schedule TO (together with all amendments and supplements thereto,
the "Schedule TO") with respect to the Offer.

         The Schedule TO shall contain or shall incorporate by reference an
offer to purchase (the "Offer to Purchase") and forms of the related letter of
transmittal and any related summary advertisement (the Schedule TO, the Offer to
Purchase and such other documents, together with all supplements and amendments
thereto, being referred to herein collectively as the "Offer Documents"). Each
of CRI, Purchaser and the Company agrees to correct promptly any information
provided by it for use in the Offer Documents that shall have become false or
misleading in any material respect, and CRI and Purchaser further agree to take
all steps necessary to cause the Schedule TO, as so corrected, to be filed with
the SEC, and the other Offer Documents, as so corrected, to be disseminated to
holders of Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable
federal securities laws. CRI and Purchaser shall give the Company and its
counsel a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Offer Documents
prior to such documents being filed with the SEC or disseminated to holders of
Shares. CRI and Purchaser shall provide the Company and its counsel with any
comments CRI, Purchaser or their counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff
with respect to the Offer Documents after the receipt of such comments and shall
provide the Company and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to participate
in the response of CRI or Purchaser to such comments.

SECTION 2.02 Company Action.

              (a) The Company hereby approves of and consents to the Offer and
represents that (i) the Board, at a meeting duly called and held on November 4,
2001, has (a) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including each of the Offer and the Merger (collectively, the
"Transactions"), are fair to, and in the best interests of, the holders of
Shares, (b) approved, adopted and declared advisable this Agreement and the
Transactions (such approval and adoption having been made in accordance with
Delaware Law, including, without limitation, Section 203 thereof) and (c)
resolved to recommend that the holders of Shares accept the Offer and tender
their Shares pursuant to the Offer, and approve and adopt this Agreement and the
Merger, and (ii) Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co., Inc. ("FBR") has delivered to
the Board its opinion that the consideration to be received by the holders of
Shares pursuant to each of the Offer and the Merger is fair to the holders of
Shares from a financial point of view (the "Fairness Opinion"). The Company
hereby consents to the inclusion in the Offer Documents of the recommendation of
the Board described in the immediately preceding sentence, and the Company shall
not withdraw or modify such recommendation in any manner adverse to CRI,
Holdings or Purchaser except as provided in Section 7.05(b). The Company has
been advised by its directors and executive officers that they intend to tender
all Shares beneficially owned by them to Purchaser pursuant to the Offer.

                                      -8-

              (b) On the date the Offer Documents are filed with the SEC, the
Company shall file with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9 containing the Fairness Opinion and, except as provided in
Section 7.05(b), the recommendation of the Board described in Section 2.02(a)
(together with all amendments and supplements thereto, the "Schedule 14D-9"),
and shall disseminate the Schedule 14D-9 to the extent required by Rule 14d-9
promulgated under the Exchange Act, and any other applicable federal securities
laws. Each of CRI, Holdings, Purchaser and the Company agrees to correct
promptly any information provided by it for use in the Schedule 14D-9 which
shall have become false or misleading in any material respect, and the Company
further agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9, as so
corrected, to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to holders of Shares, in
each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws.
The Company shall give CRI, Holdings, and Purchaser and their counsel a
reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9 prior to such
document being filed with the SEC or disseminated to holders of Shares. The
Company shall provide CRI, Holdings, and Purchaser and their counsel with any
comments the Company or its counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with
respect to the Schedule 14D-9 after the receipt of such comments and shall
provide CRI, Holdings, Purchaser and their counsel with a reasonable opportunity
to participate in the response of the Company to such comments.

              (c) The Company shall promptly cause its transfer agent to furnish
Purchaser with mailing labels containing the names and addresses of all record
holders of Shares and with security position listings of Shares held in stock
depositories, each as of a recent date, together with all other available
listings and computer files containing names, addresses and security position
listings of record holders and beneficial owners of Shares. The Company shall
promptly furnish Purchaser with such additional information, including, without
limitation, updated listings and computer files of stockholders, mailing labels
and security position listings, and such other assistance in disseminating the
Offer Documents to holders of Shares as CRI, Holdings, or Purchaser may
reasonably request. Subject to the requirements of applicable law, and except
for such steps as are necessary to disseminate the Offer Documents and any other
documents necessary to consummate the Offer or the Merger, CRI, Holdings, and
Purchaser shall hold in confidence the information contained in such labels,
listings and files, shall use such information only in connection with the
Transactions, and, if this Agreement shall be terminated in accordance with
Section 9.01, shall deliver and shall cause their agents to deliver to the
Company all copies of such information then in their possession or control.

                                  ARTICLE III
                                   THE MERGER

         SECTION 3.01 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII, and in accordance with
Delaware Law, Purchaser shall be merged with and into the Company.

         SECTION 3.02 Effective Time; Closing. As promptly as practicable (but
not later than two business days) after the satisfaction or, if permissible,
waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII, the parties hereto shall
cause the Merger to be consummated by filing this Agreement or a certificate of
merger or certificate of ownership and merger (in either case, the "Certificate
of Merger") with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, in such form
as is

                                      -9-

required by, and executed in accordance with, the relevant provisions of
Delaware Law (the date and time of such filing being the "Effective Time").
Prior to such filing, a closing shall be held at the offices of Locke Liddell &
Sapp LLP, 2200 Ross Avenue, Suite 2200, Dallas, Texas 75201, or such other place
as the parties shall agree, for the purpose of confirming the satisfaction or
waiver, as the case may be, of the conditions set forth in Article VIII.

         SECTION 3.03 Effect of the Merger. As a result of the Merger, the
separate corporate existence of Purchaser shall cease and the Company shall
continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the "Surviving
Corporation"). At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as
provided in the applicable provisions of Delaware Law. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the
property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Purchaser
shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities,
obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of the Company and Purchaser
shall become the debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and
duties of the Surviving Corporation.

         SECTION 3.04 Certificate of Incorporation; By-laws.

              (a) At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of
Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter
amended as provided by law and such Certificate of Incorporation; provided,
however, that, at the Effective Time, Article I of the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended to read as follows:
"The name of the corporation is DevX Energy, Inc."

              (b) Unless otherwise determined by CRI prior to the Effective
Time, and subject to Section 7.07(a), the By-laws of Purchaser, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the By-laws of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by law, the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such By-laws.

         SECTION 3.05 Directors and Officers. The directors of Purchaser shall
be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in
accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of the Surviving
Corporation, and the officers of Purchaser immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation, in each case
until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified or
until their earlier death, resignation or removal.

         SECTION 3.06 Conversion of Securities. At the Effective Time, by virtue
of the Merger and without any action on the part of Purchaser, the Company or
the holders of any of the following securities:

              (a) each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than any Shares to be canceled pursuant to Section 3.06(b)
and any Dissenting Shares (as hereinafter defined)) shall be canceled and shall
be converted automatically into the right to receive an amount equal to the
Merger Consideration payable, without interest, to the holder of such Share,
upon surrender, in the manner provided in Section 3.09, of the certificate that
formerly evidenced such Share;

                                      -10-

              (b) each Share held in the treasury of the Company and each Share
owned by CRI, Holdings, Purchaser, or the Company immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be canceled without any conversion thereof and no payment
or distribution shall be made with respect thereto; and

              (c) each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
Purchaser issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be converted into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving
Corporation.

        SECTION 3.07 Dissenting Shares.

              (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, Shares that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
and that are held by stockholders who shall have neither voted in favor of the
Merger nor consented thereto in writing and who shall have demanded properly in
writing appraisal for such Shares in accordance with Section 262 of Delaware Law
(collectively, the "Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into, or
represent the right to receive, the Merger Consideration. Such stockholders
shall be entitled to receive payment of the appraised value of such Shares held
by them in accordance with the provisions of such Section 262, except that all
Dissenting Shares held by stockholders who shall have failed to perfect or who
effectively shall have withdrawn or lost their rights to appraisal of such
Shares under such Section 262 shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted
into, and to have become exchangeable for, as of the Effective Time, the right
to receive the Merger Consideration, without any interest thereon, upon
surrender, in the manner provided in Section 3.09, of the certificate or
certificates that formerly evidenced such Shares.

              (b) The Company shall give CRI (i) prompt notice of any demands
for appraisal received by the Company, withdrawals of such demands, and any
other instruments served pursuant to Delaware Law and received by the Company
and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect
to demands for appraisal under Delaware Law. The Company shall not, except with
the prior written consent of CRI, make any payment with respect to any demands
for appraisal or offer to settle or settle any such demands.

        SECTION 3.08 Surrender of Shares; Stock Transfer Books.

              (a) Prior to the Effective Time, Purchaser shall designate a bank
or trust company to act as agent (the "Paying Agent") for the holders of Shares
to receive the funds to which holders of Shares shall become entitled pursuant
to Section 3.06(a) and CRI shall make funds available to the Paying Agent. Such
funds shall be invested by the Paying Agent as directed by the Surviving
Corporation.

              (b) Promptly after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation
shall cause to be mailed to each person who was, at the Effective Time, a holder
of record of Shares entitled to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to
Section 3.06(a) a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the certificates
evidencing such Shares (the "Certificates") shall pass, only upon proper
delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent) and instructions for use in
effecting the surrender of the

                                      -11-

Certificates pursuant to such letter of transmittal. Upon surrender to the
Paying Agent of a Certificate, together with such letter of transmittal, duly
completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and
such other documents as may be required pursuant to such instructions, the
holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive and CRI shall cause
Paying Agent to pay in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration for each Share
formerly evidenced by such Certificate, and such Certificate shall then be
canceled. No interest shall accrue or be paid on the Merger Consideration
payable upon the surrender of any Certificate for the benefit of the holder of
such Certificate. If the payment equal to the Merger Consideration is to be made
to a person other than the person in whose name the surrendered certificate
formerly evidencing Shares is registered on the stock transfer books of the
Company, it shall be a condition of payment that the certificate so surrendered
shall be endorsed properly or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and that
the person requesting such payment shall have paid all transfer and other taxes
required by reason of the payment of the Merger Consideration to a person other
than the registered holder of the certificate surrendered, or shall have
established to the satisfaction of Purchaser that such taxes either have been
paid or are not applicable. If any holder of Shares is unable to surrender such
holder's Certificates because such Certificates have been lost, mutilated or
destroyed, such holder may deliver in lieu thereof an affidavit and indemnity
bond in a reasonable amount in form and substance and with surety reasonably
satisfactory to the Surviving Corporation.

              (c) At any time following the sixth month after the Effective
Time, the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to require the Paying Agent to
deliver to it any funds which had been made available to the Paying Agent and
not disbursed to holders of Shares (including, without limitation, all interest
and other income received by the Paying Agent in respect of all funds made
available to it), and, thereafter, such holders shall be entitled to look to the
Surviving Corporation and CRI (subject to abandoned property, escheat and other
similar laws) only as general creditors thereof with respect to any Merger
Consideration that may be payable upon due surrender of the Certificates held by
them. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Surviving Corporation nor the
Paying Agent shall be liable to any holder of a Share for any Merger
Consideration delivered in respect of such Share to a public official pursuant
to any abandoned property, escheat or other similar law.

              (d) At the close of business on the day of the Effective Time, the
stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and thereafter there shall
be no further registration of transfers of Shares on the records of the Company.
From and after the Effective Time, the holders of Shares outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to such
Shares except as otherwise provided herein or by applicable law.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

         As an inducement to CRI, Holdings and Purchaser to enter into this
Agreement, the Company hereby represents and warrants to CRI, Holdings and
Purchaser that:

         SECTION 4.01 Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries.

                                      -12-

              (a) Except as disclosed in Section 4.01 of the Disclosure
Schedule, each of the Company and each subsidiary of the Company (a
"Subsidiary") is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the
requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. The Company and each
Subsidiary is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to do business
and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of the
properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its business makes
such qualification or licensing necessary, except where such failure to be
qualified or licensed would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

              (b) A true and complete list of all the Subsidiaries, together
with the jurisdiction of incorporation of each Subsidiary, the percentage of the
outstanding capital stock of each Subsidiary owned by the Company and each other
Subsidiary and the names of the directors and officers of each Subsidiary, is
set forth in Section 4.01(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, which has been prepared
by the Company and delivered by the Company to CRI, Holdings and Purchaser prior
to the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the "Disclosure Schedule").
Except as disclosed in Section 4.01(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company
does not directly or indirectly own any equity or similar interest in, or any
interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any equity or
similar interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other
business association or entity.

              (c) All names by which the Company previously conducted business
or was known as are listed in Section 4.01(c) of the Disclosure Schedule.

         SECTION 4.02 Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws. The Company has
heretofore furnished to CRI a complete and correct copy of the Certificate of
Incorporation and the By-laws or equivalent organizational documents, each as
amended to date, of the Company and each Subsidiary. Such Certificates of
Incorporation, By-laws or equivalent organizational documents are in full force
and effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any of the
provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or equivalent
organizational documents.

         SECTION 4.03 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the
Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.234 per
share, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share
("Company Preferred Stock") of which 9,600,000 shares have been designated as
Series A Preferred Stock, 9,600,000 shares have been designated as Series B
Preferred Stock and 10,400 shares have been designated as Series C Preferred
Stock. As of the date hereof, (a) 12,649,522 Shares were issued and outstanding,
all of which are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (b) 100,000
Shares are held in the treasury of the Company, (c) no Shares are held by the
Subsidiaries, (d) 522,500 Shares are reserved for future issuance pursuant to
outstanding stock options or stock incentive rights granted pursuant to the
Company Stock Option Plans and (e) 265,000 Shares are reserved for future
issuance pursuant to exercise of the Warrants. As of the date hereof, no shares
of Company Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. Except as set forth in
this Section 4.03 or in Section 4.03 of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no
options, warrants or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of
any character relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of the Company or
any Subsidiary or obligating the Company or any Subsidiary to issue or sell any
shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, the Company or any
Subsidiary. Section 4.03 of the

                                      -13-

Disclosure Schedule sets forth the following information with respect to each
Company Stock Option and Warrant outstanding on the date of this Agreement: (i)
the name of the Option or Warrant holder; (ii) the particular plan pursuant to
which such Company Stock Option was granted; (iii) the number of Shares subject
to such Company Stock Option or Warrant; (iv) the exercise price of such Company
Stock Option or Warrant; (v) the date on which such Company Stock Option or
Warrant was granted or issued; (vi) the applicable vesting schedule; (vii) the
date on which such Company Stock Option or Warrant expires; and (viii) whether
the exercisability of such Option or Warrant will be accelerated in any way by
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. All Shares subject to issuance
as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the
instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. There are no outstanding
contractual obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any Shares or any capital stock of any Subsidiary or to
provide funds to, or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) in, any Subsidiary or any other person. Except as
disclosed in Section 4.03 of the Disclosure Schedule, each outstanding share of
capital stock of each Subsidiary is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable, and each such share is owned by the Company or another
Subsidiary free and clear of all security interests, liens, claims, pledges,
options, rights of first refusal, agreements, limitations on the Company's or
any Subsidiary's voting rights, charges and other encumbrances of any nature
whatsoever.

         SECTION 4.04 Authority Relative to This Agreement. The Company has all
necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement,
to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by
the Company of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all
necessary corporate action, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of
the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the
Transactions (other than, with respect to the Merger, the approval and adoption
of this Agreement by the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Shares,
if and to the extent required by applicable law, and the filing and recordation
of appropriate merger documents as required by Delaware Law). This Agreement has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the
due authorization, execution and delivery by CRI, Holdings, and Purchaser,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms. At a meeting duly called and
held on November 4, 2001, the Board approved this Agreement and the
Transactions, and such approvals are sufficient so that the restrictions on
business combinations set forth in Section 203(a) of Delaware Law shall not
apply to the Merger.

         SECTION 4.05 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

              (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company do
not, and the performance of this Agreement by the Company will not, (i) conflict
with or violate the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or equivalent
organizational documents of the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) assuming that
all consents, approvals, authorizations and other actions described in Section
4.05(b) have been obtained and all filings and obligations described in Section
4.05(b) have been made, conflict with or violate any United States or non-United
States national, state, provincial, municipal, county or local statute, law,
ordinance, regulation, rule,

                                      -14-

code, executive order, injunction, judgment, decree or other order ("Law")
applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of
the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) other than as
described in Section 4.05(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, result in any breach of
or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or
both, would become a default) under, or give to others any right of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien
or other encumbrance on any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary
pursuant to or under, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,
lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the
Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, except, with respect to clause
(ii) or (iii), for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other
occurrences which would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the
Offer or Merger, or otherwise prevent or materially delay the Company from
performing its obligations under this Agreement and would not have a Material
Adverse Effect.

              (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company do
not, and the performance of this Agreement by the Company will not, require any
consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification
to, any United States or non-United States national, state, provincial,
municipal, county or local government, governmental, regulatory or
administrative authority, agency, instrumentality or commission or any court,
tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body (a "Governmental Authority"), except (i)
for applicable requirements, if any, of the Exchange Act, state securities or
"blue sky" laws ("Blue Sky Laws") and state takeover laws, (ii) filing and
recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by Delaware Law, and
(iii) where the failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or
permits, or to make such filings or notifications, would not prevent or
materially delay consummation of the Offer or the Merger, or otherwise prevent
or materially delay the Company from performing its obligations under this
Agreement and would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

         SECTION 4.06 Permits; Compliance. Each of the Company and the
Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations,
licenses, permits, easements, variances, exceptions, consents, certificates,
approvals and orders of any Governmental Authority necessary for each of the
Company or the Subsidiaries to own, lease and operate its properties or to carry
on its business as it is now being conducted, or as presently contemplated to be
conducted (the "Permits"), except where the failure to have, or the suspension
or cancellation of, any of the Permits would not prevent or materially delay
consummation of the Offer or the Merger or otherwise prevent or materially delay
the Company from performing its obligations under this Agreement and would not
have a Material Adverse Effect. No suspension or cancellation of any of the
Permits is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, which
suspension or cancellation would have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary is in conflict with, or in default, breach or
violation of, (a) any Law applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or
affected, or (b) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,
lease, license, Permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or any Subsidiary
or any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound, except for
any such conflicts, defaults, breaches or violations that would not prevent or
materially delay consummation of the Offer or the Merger or otherwise prevent or

                                      -15-

materially delay the Company from performing its obligations under this
Agreement and would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

         SECTION 4.07 SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

              (a) The Company has filed all forms, reports and documents
required to be filed by it with the SEC since July 1, 1999, including (i) its
Transition Report on Form 10-K for the Transition Period from July 1, 2000 to
December 31, 2000, (ii) its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2000, (iii) its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended
June 30, 2001 and March 31, 2001, (iv) all proxy statements relating to the
Company's meetings of stockholders (whether annual or special) held since July
1, 1999 and (v) all other forms, reports and other registration statements
(other than Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q not referred to in clause (iii)
above) filed by the Company with the SEC since July 1, 1999 (the forms, reports
and other documents referred to in clauses (i) - (v) above being, collectively,
the "SEC Reports"). The SEC Reports (i) were prepared in accordance with either
the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, and (ii) did not, at the time they were filed, or, if
amended, as of the date of such amendment, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

              (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in
each case, any notes thereto) contained in the SEC Reports was prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP")
applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated (except as may be
indicated in the notes thereto) and each fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the respective
dates thereof and for the respective periods indicated therein except as
otherwise noted therein and for normal, recurring year-end adjustments.

              (c) Except as and to the extent set forth on the consolidated
balance sheet of the Company and the consolidated Subsidiaries as at June 30,
2001 including the notes thereto (the "Recent Balance Sheet") or as specifically
disclosed in SEC Reports filed since June 30, 2001 and prior to the date of this
Agreement, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any liability or
obligation of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise),
except for liabilities and obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice since June 30, 2001.

              (d) The Company has heretofore furnished to CRI complete and
correct copies of all amendments and modifications that have not been filed by
the Company with the SEC to all agreements, documents and other instruments that
previously had been filed by the Company with the SEC and are currently in
effect.

         SECTION 4.08 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since December 31,
2000, except as set forth in Section 4.08 of the Disclosure Schedule, or as
expressly contemplated by this Agreement, or specifically disclosed in the SEC
Reports filed since December 31, 2000 and

                                      -16-

prior to the date of this Agreement, (a) the Company and the Subsidiaries have
conducted their businesses only in the ordinary course and in a manner
consistent with past practice, and (b) there has not been any Material Adverse
Effect.

         SECTION 4.09 Absence of Litigation. Except as set forth in Section 4.09
of the Disclosure Schedule, there is no litigation, suit, claim, action,
proceeding or investigation (an "Action") pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary, or any property or
asset of the Company or any Subsidiary, before any Governmental Authority that
would have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor
any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is subject to any
continuing order of, consent decree, settlement agreement or similar written
agreement with, or continuing investigation by, any Governmental Authority, or
any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any
Governmental Authority that would prevent or materially delay consummation of
the Offer or the Merger or otherwise prevent or materially delay the Company
from performing its obligations under this Agreement or would have a Material
Adverse Effect.

         SECTION 4.10 Employee Benefit Plans.

              (a) Section 4.10(a) of the Disclosure Schedule lists (i) all
employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) and all bonus, stock option,
stock purchase, restricted stock, incentive, deferred compensation, retiree
medical or life insurance, supplemental retirement, severance or other benefit
plans, programs or arrangements, and all employment, termination, severance or
other contracts or agreements, whether legally enforceable or not, to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party, with respect to which the Company, any
Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate has any obligation or which are maintained,
contributed to or sponsored by the Company or any Subsidiary for the benefit of
any current or former employee, officer or director of, or any current or former
consultant to, the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) each employee benefit plan
for which the Company or any Subsidiary could incur liability under Section 4069
of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated, (iii) any
plan in respect of which the Company or any Subsidiary could incur liability
under Section 4212(c) of ERISA, and (iv) any contracts, arrangements or
understandings between the Company or any Subsidiary and any employee of the
Company or any Subsidiary including, without limitation, any contracts,
arrangements or understandings relating in any way to a sale of the Company or
any Subsidiary (collectively, the "Plans"). Each Plan is in writing (or a
written summary exists) and the Company has made available to Purchaser a true
and complete copy of each Plan and has made available to Purchaser a true and
complete copy of each material document, if any, prepared in connection with
each such Plan, including, without limitation, (i) a copy of each trust or other
funding arrangement, if such a trust or funding arrangement exists, (ii) each
summary plan description and summary of material modifications thereto, (iii)
the most recent three years' Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Forms 5500, if
applicable (iv) the most recently received IRS determination letter for each
such Plan, if applicable, and (v) the most recent three years' actuarial reports
and financial statements in connection with each such Plan, if applicable.

              (b) None of the Plans is a multiemployer plan (within the meaning
of Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) (a "Multiemployer Plan") or a
single-employer plan (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA) for
which the Company or any Subsidiary could

                                      -17-

incur liability under Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA (a "Multiple Employer
Plan"). Except as listed in Section 4.10(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, none of
the Plans (i) provides for the payment of separation, severance or similar-type
benefits to any person, (ii) obligates the Company or any Subsidiary to pay
separation, severance or similar-type benefits solely or partially as a result
of any transaction contemplated by this Agreement, or (iii) obligates the
Company or any Subsidiary to make any payment or provide any benefit as a result
of a "change in control", within the meaning of such term under Section 280G of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Except as listed in
Section 4.10(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, none of the Plans provides for or
promises retiree medical, disability or life insurance benefits to any current
or former employee, officer or director of the Company or any Subsidiary.

              (c) Each Plan is now and always has been operated in all material
respects in accordance with its terms and the requirements of all applicable
Laws including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code. The Company and the
Subsidiaries have performed all obligations required to be performed by them
under, are not in any material respect in default under or in violation of, and
have no knowledge of any material default or violation by any party to, any
Plan. No Action or any audit or investigation by any Governmental Authority is
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened with respect to any Plan
(other than claims for benefits in the ordinary course) and no fact or event
exists that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any such Action.

              (d) Each Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section
401(a) of the Code has timely received a favorable determination, opinion,
advisory or notification letter from the IRS that the Plan is so qualified and
each trust established in connection with any Plan which is intended to be
exempt from federal income taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code has
received an opinion, advisory or modification letter from the IRS that it is so
exempt, and no fact or event has occurred since the date of such letter or
letters from the IRS that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the
qualified status of any such Plan or the exempt status of any such trust.

              (e) There has not been to the best of Company's knowledge any
prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section
4975 of the Code) with respect to any Plan. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has incurred any liability under, arising out of or by operation of
Title IV of ERISA (other than liability for premiums to the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation arising in the ordinary course), including, without
limitation, any liability in connection with (i) the termination or
reorganization of any employee benefit plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, or
(ii) the withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan, and
no fact or event exists which could reasonably be expected to give rise to any
such liability.

              (f) All contributions, premiums or payments required to be made
with respect to any Plan have been made on or before their due dates. All such
contributions have been fully deducted for income tax purposes and no such
deduction has been challenged or disallowed by any Governmental Authority and no
fact or event exists to the best of Company's knowledge which could reasonably
be expected to give rise to any such challenge or disallowance.

                                      -18-

              (g) None of the Plans is subject to the laws of any country other
than the United States.

         SECTION 4.11 Labor and Employment Matters.

              (a) Section 4.11 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of
all employees of the Company and any Subsidiary, together with their dates of
hire, and any employees currently on leave of absence, indicating the nature of
and length of such leave and whether such employees have employment agreements.
The Company has previously provided to CRI a schedule setting forth current base
salary and total wages paid in the prior year for all employees listed in
Section 4.11 of the Disclosure Schedule. Except as set forth in Section 4.11 of
the Disclosure Schedule, (i) there are no controversies pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened between the Company or any Subsidiary and
any of their respective employees; (ii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor union contract
applicable to persons employed by the Company or any Subsidiary, nor, to the
knowledge of the Company, are there any activities or proceedings of any labor
union to organize any such employees; (iii) there are no unfair labor practice
complaints pending against the Company or any Subsidiary before the National
Labor Relations Board or any current union representation questions involving
employees of the Company or any Subsidiary; (iv) there is no strike, slowdown,
work stoppage or lockout, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threat thereof,
by or with respect to any employees of the Company or any Subsidiary; and (v)
there are no currently effective agreements relating to severance or similar
payments or other benefits to be provided to directors, officers, employees,
consultants or former employees of the Company or any Subsidiary in connection
with or after termination of such director, officer, consultant or employee's
employment or other relationship with the Company or that may otherwise be owing
as a result of the Transactions.

              (b) The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance
with all applicable laws relating to the employment of labor, including those
related to wages, hours, collective bargaining and the payment and withholding
of taxes and other sums as required by the appropriate Governmental Authority,
and have withheld and paid to the appropriate Governmental Authority or are
holding for payment not yet due to such Governmental Authority all amounts
required to be withheld from employees of the Company or any Subsidiary and are
not liable for any arrears of wages, Taxes, penalties or other sums for failure
to comply with any of the foregoing. The Company and the Subsidiaries have paid
in full to all employees or adequately accrued for in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied all wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses, benefits and
other compensation due to or on behalf of such employees, and there is no claim
with respect to payment of wages, salary or overtime pay that has been asserted
or is now pending or threatened before any Governmental Authority with respect
to any persons currently or formerly employed by the Company or any Subsidiary.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to, or otherwise bound by, any
consent decree with, or citation by, any Governmental Authority relating to
employees or employment practices. There is no charge of discrimination in
employment or employment practices, for any reason, including, without
limitation, age, gender, race, religion or other legally protected category,
which has been asserted or is now pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened before the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or
any other

                                      -19-

Governmental Authority in any jurisdiction in which the Company or any
Subsidiary have employed or employ any person, except as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect.

              (c) The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with the
provisions of the WARN Act and any similar state laws. Section 4.11 of the
Disclosure Schedule lists all employees who have been terminated in the 90-day
period ending as of the date hereof.

         SECTION 4.12 Offer Documents; Schedule 14D-9.

         Neither the Schedule 14D-9 nor any information supplied by the Company
for inclusion in the Offer Documents shall, at the times the Schedule 14D-9, the
Offer Documents or any amendments or supplements thereto are filed with the SEC
or are first published, sent or given to stockholders of the Company, as the
case may be, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no
representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied by CRI,
Holdings, Purchaser or any of CRI, Holdings or Purchaser's representatives for
inclusion in the Schedule 14D-9. The Schedule 14D-9 shall comply in all material
respects as to form with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder.

         SECTION 4.13 Oil and Gas Operations. Except as set forth in Section
4.13 of the Disclosure Schedule, proceeds from the sale of crude oil, natural
gas liquids and other hydrocarbons produced from crude oil or natural gas
("Hydrocarbons") produced from the Company's Oil and Gas Interests are being
received by the Company and the Subsidiaries in a timely manner and are not
being held in suspense for any reason (except in the ordinary course of business
or which would not have a Material Adverse Effect).

         SECTION 4.14 Gas Imbalances. Except as set forth in Section 4.14 of the
Disclosure Schedule, none of the Company or the Subsidiaries has received any
material deficiency payment under any gas contract for which any person has a
right to take deficiency gas from the Company or a Subsidiary, nor has the
Company or any Subsidiary received any material payment for production which is
subject to refund or recoupment out of future production.

         SECTION 4.15 Oil and Gas Agreements. The Company has previously
provided or made available to CRI true and complete copies of all the Oil and
Gas Agreements together with all amendments, extensions and other modifications
thereof.

         SECTION 4.16 Properties.

              (a) Except for items disclosed in Section 4.16 of the Disclosure
Schedule and goods and other property sold, used or otherwise disposed of since
June 30, 2001 in the ordinary course of business, the Company and the
Subsidiaries have Good and Marketable Title, for oil and gas purposes, in and to
all oil and gas properties set forth in the Reserve Report as owned by the
Company and the Subsidiaries (the "Company's Oil and Gas Interests"), and
defensible title for oil and gas purposes to all other properties, interests in
properties and assets, real and personal, reflected on the balance sheet of the
Company in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2001,
as owned by the Company and the Subsidiaries, free and

                                      -20-

clear of any Liens, except: (i) Liens 