URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/936395/000095013302001046/0000950133-02-001046.txt

		CITY:			LINTHICUM
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21090
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4108658500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 WINTERSON ROAD
		CITY:			LINTHICUM
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21090

S-4

w57764s-4.htm

CIENA CORPORATION FORM S-4

s-4



As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on March 20, 2002

Registration
No. 333-            

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM S-4

REGISTRATION STATEMENT

UNDER

THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

CIENA Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware

23-2725311

(State or other jurisdiction of

	incorporation or organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial

	Classification Code Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

	Identification Number)

 1201 Winterson Road

Linthicum, MD 21090

(410) 865-8500

(Address, including zip code, and telephone
number,

including area code, of registrants
principal executive offices)

 Russell B. Stevenson, Jr.

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary

CIENA Corporation

1201 Winterson Road

Linthicum, MD 21090

(410) 865-8500

(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number,

including area code, of agent for service)

 Copies to:

Michael J. Silver

	Amy Bowerman Freed

	Stephanie D. Marks

	Hogan & Hartson L.L.P.

	111 South Calvert Street

	Baltimore, MD 21202

	(410) 659-2700

Richard L. Dickson

	Horace L. Nash

	David A. Bell

	Fenwick & West LLP

	Two Palo Alto Square

	Palo Alto, CA 94306

	(650) 494-0600

 Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public: 
As soon as
practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective
and all other conditions to the merger contemplated by the
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of February 17, 2002,
as such agreement may be amended, described in the enclosed
Prospectus have been satisfied or waived.

If the securities being registered on this Form
are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding
company and there is compliance with General Instruction G,
check the following
box. 
o

If this Form is filed to register additional
securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Securities Act of 1933, please check the following box and
list the Securities Act of 1933 registration statement number of
the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. 
o

If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act of 1933,
check the following box and list the Securities Act of 1933
registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same
offering. 
o

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

Proposed Maximum

Proposed Maximum

Title of Each Class of

Amount to be

Offering Price

Aggregate Offering

Amount of

Securities to be Registered

Registered

Per Share

Price

Registration Fee

Common Stock, $.01 par value(1)(2)

117,177,890

Not Applicable

$966,585,628.58(3)

$88,925.88

(1) 

The Registration Statement covers the maximum
	number of shares of CIENA common stock which are expected to be
	issued in connection with the transactions described herein in
	the proposed merger of ONI Systems Corp. with and into CIENA,
	assuming the exercise of all currently outstanding stock options
	and warrants.

(2) 

Includes corresponding rights to purchase shares
	of CIENA series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock pursuant
	to a Rights Agreement dated as of December 29, 1997, as
	amended, between CIENA and BankBoston N.A.

(3) 

Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating
	the registration fee required by Section 6(b) of the
	Securities Act of 1933, by multiplying the average of the high
	and low prices of shares of ONI Systems common stock on
	March 19, 2002, as reported on Nasdaq by 164,946,353, the
	number of shares of ONI Systems common stock outstanding on the
	close of business on March 19, 2002, assuming the exercise
	of all currently outstanding stock options and warrants.

The registrant hereby amends this
Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary
to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a
further amendment which specifically states that this
Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in
accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933,
or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on
such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said
Section 8(a), may determine.



The information in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus is not complete and may be changed.
We may not sell these securities until the registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is
effective. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is not an offer
to sell these securities and we are not soliciting offers to buy
these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not
permitted. 

Preliminary Prospectus Dated March 20,

Dear CIENA and ONI Systems stockholders:

On behalf of the boards of directors and
management teams of both CIENA and ONI Systems, we are pleased
to deliver our joint proxy statement/prospectus for the proposed
merger involving CIENA and ONI Systems. Upon completion of the
merger, holders of ONI Systems common stock will receive 0.7104
shares of CIENA common stock for each share of ONI Systems
common stock they hold at that time. CIENA common stock is
traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol
CIEN.

The boards of directors of CIENA and ONI Systems
recommend that you vote in favor of the proposed merger.

The combination of our companies will create a
company that is better positioned to serve the needs of
communications service providers for next-generation optical
networking products and will reduce both the capital and
operating costs for our customers. There are significant
financial benefits from the combination, including cost savings
from the elimination of duplicative infrastructures and the
opportunity to take advantage of economies of scale.

We encourage you to read this joint proxy
statement/prospectus which includes important information about
the merger. In addition, the section entitled Risk
Factors beginning on
page      of this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus contains a description of risks that you
should consider in evaluating the merger.

Completion of the merger requires the approval of
both CIENA and ONI Systems stockholders. CIENA and ONI Systems
have scheduled special meetings of their stockholders to obtain
these approvals
on                     ,
2002. Information regarding these special meeting is included in
this joint proxy statement/ prospectus. The CIENA board of
directors recommends that CIENA stockholders vote
FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and approve the merger. The ONI Systems board of
directors recommends that ONI Systems stockholders vote
FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and approve the merger.

Your vote is very important. Please vote
FOR your companys proposal by signing and
dating the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction card today
and returning it in the pre-addressed envelope provided.

Thank you for your support.

Gary B. Smith

Hugh C. Martin

Prospectus
dated                     ,

First mailed to stockholders on or
about                     ,

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities regulator has approved or disapproved
of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of
this prospectus and proxy statement. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense.



CIENA CORPORATION

1201 Winterson Road

Linthicum, Maryland 21090

(410) 865-8500

NOTICE OF THE SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS

Time and Date

               ,
	local time,
	on             ,

Place

BWI Marriott Hotel, 1743 W. Nursery Road,
	Linthicum, Maryland 21090

Item of Business

To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve
	and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger between CIENA
	Corporation and ONI Systems Corp. and approve the merger and the
	issuance of CIENA common stock contemplated by the Agreement and
	Plan of Merger.

Adjournments and Postponements

Any action on the item described above may be
	considered at the special meeting at the time and on the date
	specified above or at any time and date to which the special
	meeting may properly be adjourned or postponed.

Record Date

You are entitled to vote only if you were a CIENA
	stockholder at the close of business
	on             ,
	2002.

Voting

Your vote is very important. Whether or not you
	plan to attend the special meeting, we encourage you to read
	this joint proxy statement/ prospectus and submit your proxy or
	voting instructions for the special meeting as soon as possible.
	You may submit your proxy or voting instructions for the special
	meeting by completing, signing, dating and returning the proxy
	card or voting instruction card in the pre-addressed envelope
	provided. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares,
	please refer to the section entitled The Special Meeting
	of CIENA Stockholders beginning on
	page      of this joint proxy
	statement/ prospectus and the instructions on the proxy card or
	voting instruction card.

By order of the Board of Directors

Russell B. Stevenson, Jr.

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and

Secretary

            ,

Linthicum, Maryland



ONI SYSTEMS CORP.

5965 Silver Creek Valley Road

San Jose, CA 95138

(408) 965-2600

NOTICE OF THE SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS

Time and Date

               ,
	local time,
	on             ,

Place

Item of Business

To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve
	and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger between CIENA
	Corporation and ONI Systems Corp. and approve the merger
	contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger.

Adjournments and Postponements

Any action on the item described above may be
	considered at the special meeting at the time and on the date
	specified above or at any time and date to which the special
	meeting may properly be adjourned or postponed.

Record Date

You are entitled to vote only if you were an ONI
	Systems stockholder at the close of business
	on             ,
	2002.

Voting

Your vote is very important. Whether or not you
	plan to attend the special meeting, we encourage you to read
	this joint proxy statement/ prospectus and submit your proxy or
	voting instructions for the special meeting as soon as possible.
	You may submit your proxy or voting instructions for the special
	meeting by completing, signing, dating and returning the proxy
	card or voting instruction card in the pre-addressed envelope
	provided. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares,
	please refer to the section entitled The Special Meeting
	of ONI Systems Stockholders beginning on
	page      of this joint proxy
	statement/ prospectus and the instructions on the proxy card or
	voting instruction card.

By order of the Board of Directors

Michael A. Dillon

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

            ,

San Jose, California



SUMMARY

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

RISK FACTORS

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF ONI SYSTEMS STOCKHOLDERS

THE MERGER

TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CIENA STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

INFORMATION ABOUT CIENA

INFORMATION ABOUT ONI SYSTEMS

DESCRIPTION OF CIENA CAPITAL STOCK

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

OTHER MATTERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER



FORM OF STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT

FORM OF AFFILIATE LETTER

OPINION OF CIENAS FINANCIAL ADVISOR

OPINION OF ONI SYSTEMS FINANCIAL ADVISER

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Consent of KPMG LLP

Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

Form of Ciena Proxy Card

Form of ONI Systems Corp. Proxy Card

Consent of Morgan Stanley





Page

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

iv

SUMMARY

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

RISK FACTORS

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF CIENA STOCKHOLDERS

General

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of the Special Meeting

Record Date for the Special Meeting

Voting of Proxies at the Special Meeting and
	Revocation of Proxies

Votes Required for Approval and Adoption of the
	Merger Agreement and Approval of the Merger

Quorum and Abstentions

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

Board Recommendation

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF ONI SYSTEMS STOCKHOLDERS

General

Date, Time and Place

Purpose of the Special Meeting

Record Date for the Special Meeting

Voting of Proxies at the Special Meeting and
	Revocation of Proxies

Votes Required for Approval and Adoption of the
	Merger Agreement and Approval of the Merger

Quorum and Abstentions

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

Board Recommendation

THE MERGER

General

Background of the Merger

Recommendation of CIENAs Board of Directors
	and Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of the ONI Systems Board and
	Reasons for the Merger

Opinion of CIENAs Financial Advisor

Opinion of ONI Systems Financial Advisor

Interests of Executive Officers and Directors in
	the Merger

Accounting Treatment

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market

Governmental and Regulatory Approvals

Federal Income Tax Consequences

ONI Systems 5% Convertible Subordinated Notes Due
	October 5, 2005

TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED
	TRANSACTIONS

General

Structure of the Merger

Management and Operations After the Merger

Treatment of Stock, Options and Warrants

Exchange of Certificates; Fractional Shares

Effective Time

Representations and Warrants

Business of ONI Systems and CIENA Pending the
	Merger; Other Agreements

No Solicitation by ONI Systems

Additional Agreements of CIENA and ONI Systems

Directors and Officers Insurance and
	Indemnification

Conditions Precedent to Each Partys
	Obligation to Effect the Merger

Conditions Precedent to Obligations of CIENA

Conditions Precedent to ONI Systems Obligations

Termination of the Merger Agreement



Page

Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement

Expenses

Stockholder Agreements

Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF
	OPERATIONS

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CIENA STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF
	OPERATIONS

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL
	DATA

INFORMATION ABOUT CIENA

General

Additional Information

INFORMATION ABOUT ONI SYSTEMS

General

Additional Information

CIENA CAPITAL STOCK AND COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER
	RIGHTS

DESCRIPTION OF CIENA CAPITAL STOCK

Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock of CIENA

CIENA Common Stock

CIENA Preferred Stock

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification

Certain Charter and Statutory Provisions,
	Stockholder Rights Plan

Transfer Agent and Registrar

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

General

Capitalization

Voting Rights

Number and Classification of Directors

Removal of Directors

Filing Vacancies on the Board of Directors

Charter Amendments

Amendments to Bylaws

Action by Written Consent

Notice of Stockholder Actions

Right to Call Special Meeting of Stockholders

Dividends

Liquidation Rights

Conversion and Redemption

Stockholder Proposals

TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

OTHER MATTERS

Legal Matters

Experts

Other Matters

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEX
	A
 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

ANNEX B
 FORM OF
	STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT

ANNEX C
 FORM OF
	AFFILIATE LETTER

ANNEX D
 OPINION
	OF CIENAS FINANCIAL ADVISOR

ANNEX E
 OPINION
	OF ONI SYSTEMS FINANCIAL ADVISOR

ii



This joint proxy statement/prospectus
incorporates important business and financial information about
CIENA and ONI Systems from documents that each company has filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission but that have not
been included in or delivered with this joint proxy statement/
prospectus. For a listing of documents incorporated by reference
into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, please see the
section entitled Where You Can Find More Information
beginning on page      of this
joint proxy statement/ prospectus.

CIENA will provide you with copies of this
information relating to CIENA, without charge, upon written or
oral request to:

CIENA Corporation

1202 Winterson Road

Linthicum, Maryland 21090

Attention: Investor Relations

Telephone Number: (410) 865-8500

In addition, you may obtain copies of this
information by sending an e-mail to ir@ciena.com. A list of
those stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting will
be available for inspection for ten days preceding the meeting
at the address set forth above, and will also be available for
inspection at the meeting itself.

ONI Systems will provide you with copies of this
information relating to ONI Systems, without charge, upon
written or oral request to:

ONI Systems Corp.

5965 Silver Creek Valley Road

San Jose, California 95138

Attention: Investor Relations

Telephone Number: (408) 571-4050

In addition, you may obtain copies of this
information by sending an e-mail to ir@oni.com. A list of those
stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting will be
available for inspection for ten days preceding the meeting at
the address set forth above, and will also be available for
inspection at the meeting itself.

In order for you to receive timely delivery of
the documents in advance of the special meetings, CIENA or ONI
Systems should receive your request no later
than                .

iii



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
MERGER

Q:

Why am I receiving this joint proxy statement/
	prospectus?

A:

CIENA and ONI Systems have agreed to combine
	their businesses under the terms of a merger agreement that is
	described in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus. A copy of
	the merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/
	prospectus as Annex A.

In order to complete the merger, CIENA and ONI
	Systems stockholders must approve and adopt the merger agreement
	and approve the merger. Each of CIENA and ONI Systems will hold
	a special meeting of its respective stockholders to obtain these
	approvals. This joint proxy statement/ prospectus contains
	important information about the merger and the special meeting
	of each of CIENA and ONI Systems, and you should read it
	carefully. The enclosed voting materials for the special meeting
	allow you to vote your shares of common stock without attending
	the special meeting.

Q:

Why are CIENA and ONI Systems proposing the
	merger?

A:

We believe that the merger of ONI Systems and
	CIENA will create one of the leading optical networking
	equipment companies in the world. We believe that together we
	will be a stronger and more competitive company by expanding our
	product offerings and accessing each others customer
	relationships. For a complete description of CIENAs and
	ONI Systems reasons for the merger, we encourage you to
	refer to
	pages                .

Q:

How do the boards of directors of CIENA and
	ONI Systems recommend that I vote?

A:

The CIENA board of directors recommends that
	CIENA stockholders vote FOR the proposal to approve
	and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger.

The ONI Systems board of directors recommends
	that ONI Systems stockholders vote FOR the proposal
	to approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger.

For a more complete description of the
	recommendations of the boards of directors of CIENA and ONI
	Systems, see The Merger  Recommendation of
	CIENAs Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger
	on page      and The
	Merger  Recommendation of ONI Systems Board of
	Directors and Reasons for the Merger on
	page      .

Q.

Have executive officers and directors of ONI
	Systems agreed to vote their shares in favor of the
	merger?

A.

Yes. The executive officers and directors of ONI
	Systems and their affiliates have agreed to vote shares
	representing approximately 11.5% of ONI Systems
	outstanding common stock as of February 17, 2002 in favor
	of the merger. See Terms of the Merger Agreement and
	Related Transactions  Stockholder Agreements on
	page      .

Q.

Are there risks that I should consider in
	deciding to vote for the merger?

A.

Yes. For example, the combined company might not
	realize the expected benefits of the merger. In evaluating the
	merger, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in
	Risk Factors on
	page      . You should also
	consider the risks associated with CIENA stock ownership and ONI
	Systems stock ownership which are incorporated by reference into
	this joint proxy statement/ prospectus. See Where You Can
	Find More Information on
	page      .

Q.

What will happen to CIENA and ONI Systems as a
	result of the merger?

A:

If the merger is completed, ONI Systems will
	merge into CIENA. The merged businesses will continue to be
	conducted under the CIENA name.

Q:

What will I receive in the merger?

A:

ONI Systems
	Stockholders:
 ONI Systems stockholders
	will receive 0.7104 shares of CIENA common stock for each
	share of ONI Systems common stock they now own. Instead of a
	fractional share of CIENA common stock, you will be entitled to
	receive an amount of cash equal to the value of the fractional
	share remaining after aggregating all of your ONI Systems shares
	held based on the closing price of CIENA common

iv



stock on the closing date. After the merger, ONI
	Systems security holders will own approximately 24% of the
	outstanding shares of CIENA common stock on a fully diluted
	basis based on shares, options and warrants outstanding on
	February 17, 2002. For a more complete description of what
	you will receive in the merger, see Terms of the Merger
	Agreement and Related Transactions  Treatment of
	Stock, Options and Warrants on
	page      .

CIENA Stockholders:

	A CIENA stockholder will continue with the same number of CIENA
	shares he or she now owns. These shares however, will represent
	a smaller proportion of the outstanding shares of the combined
	company.

Q:

What are the federal income tax consequences
	of the merger?

A:

In general, we expect that ONI Systems
	stockholders will not be required to pay federal income taxes as
	a result of exchanging ONI Systems shares for CIENA shares,
	except for taxes on any cash that is received in lieu of
	fractional shares. For a more complete description of the tax
	consequences of the merger, see The Merger 
	Federal Income Tax Consequences on
	page      .

Q:

When and where will the special meetings take
	place?

A:

ONI Systems
	Stockholders:
 The special meeting will
	be held
	on                     ,
	2002,
	at            a.m.,
	local time,
	at                     .

CIENA
	Stockholders: 
The special meeting
	will be held
	on                     ,
	2002,
	at            a.m.,
	local time, at the BWI Marriott Hotel, 1743 W. Nursery
	Road, Linthicum, Maryland 21090.

Q:

If my shares are held in street
	name by my broker, will my broker vote my shares for
	me?

A:

Your broker will not be able to vote your shares
	unless you provide instructions on how to vote your shares. You
	should instruct your broker to vote your shares following the
	directions provided by your broker. Without instructions, your
	shares will not be voted and you will, in effect, be voting
	against the merger.

Q:

What happens if I do not vote?

A:

Failure to vote or to give voting instructions to
	your broker or nominee will have the same effect as voting
	AGAINST the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
	agreement and approve the merger. Therefore, we urge you to
	vote. For a more complete description of voting, see The
	Special Meeting of CIENA Stockholders on
	page      and The Special
	Meeting of ONI Systems Stockholders on
	page      .

Q:

When do CIENA and ONI Systems expect the
	merger to be completed?

A:

CIENA and ONI Systems are working to complete the
	merger as quickly as possible. We hope to complete the merger
	during the second or third calendar quarter of 2002. However, we
	cannot predict the exact timing of the completion of the merger
	because the merger is subject to government and regulatory
	review processes and other conditions.

Q:

What do I need to do now?

A:

You should carefully read and consider the
	information contained in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus.
	You should then complete and sign your proxy and return it in
	the enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your
	shares will be represented at your companys special
	meeting.

Q:

Who must approve the merger?

A:

In addition to the approvals of the boards of
	directors of CIENA and ONI Systems which have already been
	obtained, the stockholders of ONI Systems and CIENA must also
	approve the merger. For a more complete description of voting,
	see The Special Meeting of CIENA Stockholders on
	page      and The Special
	Meeting of ONI Systems Stockholders on
	page      .

Q:

As an ONI Systems stockholder, will I be able
	to trade the CIENA common stock that I receive in connection
	with the merger?

A:

The shares of CIENA common stock you receive in
	the merger will be freely tradable, unless you are an affiliate
	of ONI Systems. The shares will be listed on the Nasdaq Stock
	Market under the symbol CIEN. Generally, persons who
	are deemed to be

v



affiliates of ONI Systems must comply with
	Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933 if they wish to
	sell or otherwise transfer any of the shares of CIENA common
	stock received in connection with the merger. You will be
	notified if you are an affiliate of ONI Systems.

Q:

Can I change my vote after I mail my signed
	proxy?

A:

Yes. You can change your vote at any time before
	your proxy is voted at the special meeting of your
	companys stockholders. You can do this in one of three
	ways. First, you can send a written notice stating that you
	would like to revoke your proxy. Second, you can complete and
	submit a new proxy. If you choose either of these two methods,
	you must submit your notice of revocation or your new proxy for
	CIENA shares at the address on
	page      and for ONI Systems
	shares at the address on
	page      . Third, you can attend
	the special meeting of your companys stockholders and vote
	in person. Your attendance alone will not revoke your proxy. If
	you have instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must
	follow the directions received from your broker to change those
	instructions.

Q:

What is the required vote to approve and adopt
	the merger agreement and approve the merger?

A:

Approval and adoption of the merger agreement and
	approval of the merger requires the affirmative vote of the
	holders of a majority of the shares of each of CIENA common
	stock and ONI Systems common stock outstanding as of the record
	date.

Q:

Should I send in my certificates
	now?

A:

No, you should not send in your stock
	certificates with your proxy.
 You will
	receive instructions for exchanging your stock certificates if
	the merger is consummated.

Q:

Who can help answer my questions?

A:

If you have any questions about the merger, how
	to vote or revoke your proxy, or if you need additional copies
	of this joint proxy statement/ prospectus or the enclosed proxy,
	you should contact:

ONI Systems: 

[proxy solicitor] 

CIENA Corporation:

 Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc.

1717 State Street

New York, New York 10004

Phone: (866) 800-0431

vi



SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information
from this joint proxy statement/ prospectus. It does not contain
all of the information that is important to you. You should
carefully read this joint proxy statement/ prospectus and the
other documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus. See Where You Can Find More
Information on page      .
In this joint proxy statement/ prospectus, we,
us and our may refer to either CIENA or
ONI Systems, depending on the context in which they are used,
and you and your refer to stockholders
of ONI Systems or stockholders of CIENA, depending on the
context in which they are used.

The Companies
(page      )

CIENA Corporation

1201 Winterson Road

Linthicum, Maryland 21090

(410) 865-8500

CIENA is a leader in the intelligent optical
networking equipment industry. CIENA offers a portfolio of
products for communications service providers worldwide.
CIENAs customers include long-distance carriers,
competitive and incumbent local exchange carriers, Internet
service providers and wireless and wholesale carriers. CIENA
offers optical transport and intelligent optical switching
systems that enable service providers to provision, manage and
deliver high-bandwidth services to their customers. CIENA has
pursued a strategy to develop and leverage the power of
disruptive technologies to change the fundamental economics of
building carrier-class tele-and data-communications networks,
thereby providing our customers with a competitive advantage.
CIENAs intelligent optical networking products are
designed to enable carriers to deliver any time, any size, any
priority bandwidth to their customers.

ONI Systems Corp.

5965 Silver Creek Road

San Jose, CA 95138

ONI Systems develops, markets and sells optical
communications networking equipment specifically designed to
address the bandwidth and service limitations of metropolitan
area and regional networks. Communications service providers can
cost-effectively deploy ONI Systems products to relieve
the traffic bottleneck in these networks and offer new
revenue-generating services including wavelength, private-line,
ethernet and data storage services. By deploying ONI
Systems equipment, service providers can rapidly build
high-capacity flexible and scalable networks that are able to
support multiple services on a single platform from their
central offices at the core of their networks to their
customers sites at the edge of their networks. In
addition, ONI Systems equipment can be introduced into a
network without requiring complete replacement of the existing
network infrastructure.

The Merger
(page      )

The merger agreement provides that ONI Systems
will merge with and into CIENA and CIENA will be the surviving
company. CIENA and ONI Systems hope to complete the merger
during the second or third calendar quarter of 2002.

The merger agreement is included as Annex A to
this joint proxy statement/ prospectus. It is the legal document
that governs the merger. We cannot predict the exact timing of
the completion of the merger because the merger is subject to
government and regulatory review processes and other
conditions.

What You Will Receive in the Merger
(page      )

Each outstanding share of ONI Systems common
stock will be cancelled and each ONI Systems stockholder will
receive 0.7104 shares of CIENA common stock for each share
of ONI Systems common stock that the stockholder owns. An ONI
Systems stockholder will also receive a cash payment for any
fraction of a share of CIENA common stock that the stockholder
would otherwise be entitled to receive

 

For example, a stockholder who owns 10,000 shares
	of ONI Systems common stock on the closing date will receive
	7,104 CIENA shares. A stockholder who owns 100 shares of ONI
	Systems will receive 71 shares of CIENA plus cash equal to 0.04
	times the closing price of a share of CIENA stock on the Nasdaq
	National Market on the closing date.



At the earliest practicable date after the
completion of the merger, you will receive a letter of
transmittal that will provide instructions on the procedure for
exchanging your share certificates. For more information on how
the election and exchange procedures work, see Terms of
the Merger Agreement and Related Transactions  Exchange of
Certificates; Fractional Shares on
page      .

Please do not send your stock certificates at
this time.

ONI Systems Employee Stock
Options

Each outstanding option to purchase shares of ONI
Systems common stock will be converted into an option to
purchase a number of shares of CIENA common stock equal to the
number of shares of ONI Systems common stock that were subject
to the option multiplied by 0.7104. The exercise price per share
for each ONI Systems option will be divided by 0.7104. Except
for some acceleration of vesting for some officers, that will
occur as a result of the merger under the terms of their offer
letters from ONI Systems all other terms of the option will
remain unchanged.

What is Needed to Complete the Merger
(page      )

Several conditions must be satisfied before the
merger will be completed. These include:

 

adoption of the merger agreement and approval of
	the merger by stockholders representing a majority of the
	outstanding shares of each of ONI Systems and CIENA;

 

the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
	Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976 must have expired or been
	terminated;

 

receipt by ONI Systems of an opinion of its tax
	counsel that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
	merger is generally not taxable to ONI Systems or its
	stockholders;

 

receipt by CIENA of an opinion of its tax counsel
	that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the merger is
	generally not taxable to CIENA or its stockholders; and

 

other customary contractual conditions set forth
	in the merger agreement.

If the law permits, CIENA or ONI Systems may each
waive conditions for the benefit of their company and
stockholders and complete the merger even though one or more of
these conditions has not been met. We cannot assure you that the
conditions will be satisfied or waived or that the merger will
occur.

Federal Income Tax Consequences
(page      )

The merger is intended to qualify as a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code. CIENA and ONI Systems have respectively received opinions
of Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. and Fenwick & West LLP
that the merger will qualify as a reorganization if the merger
takes place as described in the merger agreement. The opinions
are based upon the assumption that factual representations made
by CIENA and ONI Systems, which are ordinarily given in
transactions of this type, will be correct when the merger
closes. If the merger qualifies as a reorganization, no gain or
loss will be recognized by CIENA or ONI Systems stockholders as
a result of the merger, except with respect to cash received by
ONI Systems stockholders in lieu of fractional shares. For a
further discussion of the federal income tax consequences of the
merger to CIENA and ONI Systems stockholders, see The
Merger  Federal Income Tax Consequences.
However, different tax consequences may apply to you because of
your individual circumstances or because special tax rules apply
to you, for example, if you:

 

are a tax-exempt organization;

 

are a dealer in securities;

 

are a financial institution;

 

are an insurance company;

 

are a non-United States person;

 

acquired your shares of ONI Systems stock from
	the exercise of options or otherwise as compensation or through
	a qualified retirement plan; or

 

hold shares of ONI Systems stock as part of a
	straddle, hedge or conversion transaction.

These matters are very complicated. You should
consult your tax advisor for a full explanation of the tax
consequences of the merger to you.



Accounting Treatment
(page      )

CIENA will account for the merger using the
purchase method of accounting.

Governmental and Regulatory Approvals
(page      )

Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, CIENA and ONI Systems must notify
U.S. antitrust authorities of the proposed merger and must
observe a waiting period before it can be completed. Therefore,
the merger cannot occur until this waiting period has expired or
has been terminated by the antitrust authorities. In addition,
foreign, state and other regulatory authorities may also need to
approve or be notified of the merger before it can be completed.
CIENA and ONI Systems have filed, or expect soon to file, all of
the required applications or notices with these regulatory
authorities. While neither CIENA nor ONI Systems knows of any
reason why we would not be able to obtain the necessary
approvals in a timely manner, we cannot be certain when or if we
will receive them.

Termination of the Merger Agreement;
Expenses
(page      )

CIENA and ONI Systems may mutually agree at any
time to terminate the merger agreement without completing the
merger, even if the ONI Systems or CIENA stockholders have
approved it. Either party (so long as it has not materially
breached the merger agreement) may terminate the merger if:

 

the merger has not been consummated by
	September 30, 2002;

 

ONI Systems or CIENA stockholders do not approve
	the merger; or

 

if a court forbids the merger to occur.

ONI Systems may terminate the merger agreement
prior to obtaining stockholder approval if the ONI Systems board
of directors determines to enter into an alternative transaction
that it views as superior or if CIENAs board of directors
changes its recommendation to stockholders in favor of the
merger. CIENA may similarly terminate the merger agreement if
ONI Systems board of directors withdraws, modifies or
amends, in any respect adverse to CIENA, its recommendation to
stockholders in favor of the merger. ONI Systems agreed to pay
CIENA a termination fee of $36.7 million if the merger agreement
is terminated because of a change in ONI Systems board of
directors recommendation (unless due to a material adverse
effect on CIENA) or if ONI Systems accepts an alternative
superior proposal. ONI Systems would also be required to pay
this termination fee if there is a change in ONI Systems
board of directors recommendation and CIENA terminates the
agreement, or ONI Systems stockholders do not approve the
merger, and there is a publicly announced third party offer to
acquire ONI Systems, which ONI Systems accepts within
12 months of the termination. The merger agreement also
requires ONI Systems to reimburse CIENA for CIENAs
out-of-pocket expenses, up to a maximum of $2 million, in
those situations where the termination fee is payable.

CIENA agreed to pay ONI Systems a similar fee and
expense reimbursement if ONI Systems terminates the merger
agreement because of a change in the CIENA board of
directors recommendation, except that if ONI Systems
board of directors terminates the merger agreement because of a
change in the CIENA board of directors recommendation or the
CIENA stockholders do not approve the merger and there is a
publicly announced third party offer to acquire CIENA, which
offer CIENA accepts within 12 months of the termination,
CIENA in most cases will pay ONI Systems a termination fee of
$87.2 million, plus expenses of $2 million. There are also
circumstances where terminations may occur without payment of
any termination fees.

No Solicitation by ONI Systems
(page      )

Under the merger agreement, ONI Systems agreed
not to solicit, enter into, negotiate or participate in
discussions regarding an acquisition proposal
directly or indirectly, as described further on
page      . However, this
provision does not prohibit ONI Systems from providing
information or entering into negotiations with a person in
response to an unsolicited written bona fide acquisition
proposal if ONI Systems board of directors determines in
good faith that the acquisition proposal is reasonably likely to
be consummated, the proposal if consummated would result in a
transaction that is more favorable to ONI Systems stockholders
than the merger with CIENA and that taking that action is
necessary to fulfil its fiduciary duties to stockholders. ONI
Systems has agreed to inform CIENA promptly of



any acquisition proposal and inquiries with
respect to an acquisition proposal. The ONI Systems board of
directors may also change its recommendation in favor of the
merger if it concludes in good faith, after consultation with
outside counsel, that changing its recommendation is necessary
to satisfy its fiduciary duty to ONI stockholders under
applicable law, but ONI Systems would nevertheless be required
to convene and hold the special meeting unless the merger
agreement is earlier terminated by CIENA due to the change in
recommendation, and a termination fee may then be payable under
those circumstances.

Restrictions on Resales of CIENA Common
Stock (page      )

All shares of CIENA common stock to be issued to
ONI Systems stockholders in the merger will be freely tradable,
unless the holder is considered an affiliate of ONI Systems, and
will be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol
CIEN.

Waiver and Amendment
(page      )

CIENA and ONI Systems may agree to amend the
merger agreement prior to the time the merger becomes effective,
subject to applicable law. Either of us can waive our right to
require the other party to adhere to the terms and conditions of
the merger agreement, if the law allows, at any time prior to
the time the merger becomes effective.

Interests of ONI Systems Executive
Officers and Directors in the Merger
(page      )

In considering the recommendation of the ONI
Systems board of directors about the merger, you should be aware
of the interests which executive officers and directors of ONI
Systems have in the merger that are different from your and
their interests as stockholders. William Cumpston and Rohit
Sharma have entered into employment agreements with CIENA. Hugh
Martin has entered into a consulting agreement with CIENA.
Contemporaneously with the approval of the merger agreement, the
ONI Systems board of directors approved the grant of options to
purchase 750,000 and 550,000 shares of ONI Systems common stock
to Messrs. Cumpston and Sharma, respectively. The exercise
price of these options is $5.21, the fair market value of ONI
Systems common stock on February 21, 2001. The merger
agreement requires CIENA to indemnify directors and officers of
ONI Systems for events occurring before the merger, including
events that are related to the merger. The ONI Systems board of
directors recognized all those interests described above and
concluded that those interests did not detract from the fairness
of the merger to the stockholders of ONI Systems who are not
executive officers or directors of ONI Systems.

Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation
of the CIENA Board of Directors
(page      )

THE CIENA BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT
CIENA STOCKHOLDERS VOTE 
FOR
 THE
PROPOSAL TO APPROVE AND ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND APPROVE
THE MERGER.

The CIENA board of directors has determined that
the merger is advisable and in the best interests of CIENA and
its stockholders. The CIENA board of directors made this
determination based on its review of:

 

the potential strategic benefits of the merger,
	including (among other things) the complementary nature of the
	technologies and products of CIENA and ONI Systems; the
	advantages of combining their respective management, sales
	forces and technical teams; and the prospect of an improved
	competitive and market position of the combined company.

 

the potential financial implications of the
	merger, including (among other things) CIENAs
	managements views as to the business, results of
	operations and financial condition, technology, management and
	competitive position of CIENA and ONI Systems; potential cost
	savings and synergies; current and prospective financial market
	and commercial conditions; and the opinion of Morgan Stanley
	referred to below.

 

the potential adverse effects of the merger,
	including (among other things) the risk that the potential
	benefits of the merger might not be realized; risks relating to
	integrating the businesses; the possibility of management and
	employee disruption; and the potential disruption of customer
	relationships.



The CIENA board of directors did not quantify or
assign relative weight to the factors summarized above. For a
more complete discussion of the CIENA board of directors
reasons for the merger, see The Merger 
Recommendation of CIENAs Board of Directors and Reasons
for the Merger beginning on
page      of this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus.

Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation
of the ONI Systems Board of Directors
(page      )

THE ONI SYSTEMS BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS
THAT ONI SYSTEMS STOCKHOLDERS VOTE 
FOR

THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE AND ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND
APPROVE THE MERGER.

The ONI Systems board of directors has determined
that the merger is advisable and in the best interests of ONI
Systems and its stockholders. The ONI Systems board of directors
made this determination and its determination to recommend
approval of the merger based on its review of:

 

the potential strategic benefits of the merger,
	including (among other things) the complementary nature of the
	technologies and products of CIENA and ONI Systems; the
	advantages of combining their respective management, sales
	forces and technical teams; and the prospect of an improved
	competitive and market position of the combined company.

 

the potential financial implications of the
	merger, including (among other things) ONI Systems
	managements views as to the business, results of
	operations and financial condition, technology, management and
	competitive position of CIENA and ONI Systems; potential cost
	savings and synergies; CIENAs pre-announcement of its
	anticipated financial condition and results of operations;
	current and prospective financial market and commercial
	conditions; possible alternative transactions; and the opinions
	of Goldman Sachs referred to below.

 

the potential adverse effects of the merger,
	including (among other things) the risk that the potential
	benefits of the merger might not be realized; risks relating to
	integrating the businesses; the possibility of management and
	employee disruption; and the potential disruption of customer
	relationships.

The ONI Systems board of directors did not
quantify or assign relative weight to the factors summarized
above. For a more complete discussion of the ONI Systems board
of directors reasons for the merger, see The
Merger  Recommendation of the ONI Systems Board of
Directors and Reasons for the Merger beginning on
page      of this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus.

Opinion of CIENAs Financial Advisor
(page      )

On February 15, 2002, Morgan Stanley
delivered its oral opinion to the CIENA board of directors,
subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of February 15,
2002, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was
fair to CIENA from a financial point of view. The full text of
Morgan Stanleys opinion, which identifies assumptions
made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as
Annex D to this joint proxy statement/ prospectus.
Stockholders of CIENA are urged to, and should, read this
opinion in its entirety. Morgan Stanleys opinion does not
constitute a recommendation as to how any shareholder of CIENA
should vote with respect to the merger.

Opinion of ONI Systems Financial
Advisor (page      )

On February 15, 2002, Goldman Sachs
proferred its oral opinion to the board of directors of
ONI Systems, which opinion was subsequently confirmed in
writing on February 17, 2002 that, as of the date of that
opinion, the exchange ratio of 0.7104 shares of CIENA common
stock to be received for each share of ONI Systems common stock
pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point
of view to the holders of shares of ONI Systems common stock. In
addition, on March 18, 2002, at the request of the board of
directors of ONI Systems, Goldman Sachs delivered its opinion to
the board of directors of ONI Systems that, as of the date of
that opinion, the exchange ratio was fair from a financial point
of view to the holders of shares of ONI Systems common stock,
which opinion was subsequently confirmed in writing by means of
an opinion letter dated as of March 18, 2002. The full text
of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs dated March 18,
2002, which identifies assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on



the review undertaken in connection with the
opinion, is attached as Annex E to this joint proxy statement/
prospectus. The terms of the opinion letter dated
February 17, 2002 were substantially identical to the terms
of the opinion letter dated March 18, 2002. Stockholders of
ONI Systems are urged to, and should, read this opinion in its
entirety. The opinion of Goldman Sachs does not constitute a
recommendation as to how any stockholder of ONI Systems should
vote with respect to the merger.

Differences in the Rights of Stockholders
(page      )

If you own ONI Systems common stock and receive
CIENA common stock in the merger you would become a stockholder
of CIENA upon completion of the merger. Your rights would
continue to be governed by Delaware law but your rights would be
governed by CIENAs certificate of incorporation, bylaws
and stockholder rights plan, rather than ONI Systems
certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Your rights as a
stockholder of CIENA would differ from your rights as a
stockholder of ONI Systems. To review these differences in more
detail, see CIENA Capital Stock and Comparison of
Stockholder Rights on
page      .

Special Meeting of CIENA Stockholders
(page      )

The special meeting will be held
on                          ,
2002 at      a.m. at the
BWI Marriott Hotel, 1743 W. Nursery Road,
Linthicum, Maryland 21090. At the special meeting, you will be
asked to vote to adopt the merger agreement and to approve the
merger.

You can vote, or submit a proxy to vote, at the
special meeting if you were a record holder of CIENA common
stock at the close of business
on                          ,
2002. You can vote your shares by attending the meeting and
voting in person or you can mark the enclosed proxy card with
your vote, sign it and mail it in the enclosed return envelope.
You can revoke your proxy at any time before it is exercised.

Special Meeting of ONI Systems Stockholders
(page      )

The special meeting will be held
on                          ,
2002 at      a.m.
at                .
At the special meeting, you will be asked to vote to adopt the
merger agreement and to approve the merger.

You can vote, or submit a proxy to vote, at the
special meeting if you were a record holder of ONI Systems
common stock at the close of business
on                          ,
2002. You can vote your shares by attending the meeting and
voting in person or you can mark the enclosed proxy card with
your vote, sign it and mail it in the enclosed return envelope.
You can revoke your proxy at any time before it is exercised.

Vote Required
(page      )

Holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of CIENA common stock must vote in favor of adoption of the
merger agreement before the merger can occur. There
were           shares
of CIENA common stock outstanding as
of                .
Each holder of CIENA common stock is entitled to one vote per
share. CIENAs officers, directors and their affiliates
owned      % of CIENAs
outstanding stock as of the record date.

Holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of ONI Systems common stock must vote in favor of adoption of
the merger agreement before the merger can occur. There
were                shares
of ONI Systems common stock outstanding as
of                          ,
2002. Each holder of ONI Systems common stock is entitled to one
vote per share. ONI Systems officers, directors and their
affiliates owned      % of ONI
Systems outstanding stock as of the record date.

Neither CIENA nor ONI Systems stockholders are
entitled to dissenters rights of appraisal for their
shares under the Delaware General Corporation Law in connection
with the merger.

Stockholder Agreements
(page      )

In connection with the merger agreement, several
executive officers and directors of ONI Systems and their
affiliates owning in the
aggregate                shares
of ONI Systems common stock, representing approximately 11.5% of
the outstanding ONI Systems common stock as of the record
date, entered into agreements under which they agreed to vote
their shares in favor of the merger. The form of this
stockholder agreement is attached as Annex B to this joint
proxy statement/ prospectus.



SUMMARY SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL
FINANCIAL DATA

OF CIENA AND ONI SYSTEMS

Summary Selected Consolidated Historical
Financial Data of CIENA

The information in the following summary selected
consolidated financial data as of October 31, 1997, 1998,
1999, 2000 and 2001 and for the years ended October 31,
1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001 is derived from CIENAs
audited consolidated financial statements. You should read this
information in conjunction with the financial statements and
notes to the consolidated financial statements which are
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/
prospectus. See Where You Can Find More Information
which begins on page      .
CIENAs financial statements as of October 31, 2000
and 2001 and for each of the three years ended October 31, 2001
were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent
accountants. Selected financial information as of
January 31, 2001 and 2002 and for the three months then
ended is derived from CIENAs unaudited consolidated
financial statements, which are incorporated into this joint
proxy statement/ prospectus by reference. CIENA has a 52 or
53 week fiscal year, which ends on the Saturday nearest to
the last day of October in each year. For purposes of financial
statement presentation, each fiscal year is described as having
ended on October 31. Fiscal 1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000
comprised 52 weeks and fiscal 2001 comprised 53 weeks.
Historical events are not necessarily indicative of results to
be expected in the future and results of interim periods are not
necessarily indicative of the results of the entire year.

As of October 31,

As of January 31,

(in thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

273,286

$

250,714

$

143,440

$

143,187

$

397,890

$

176,725

$

472,533

Working capital

338,078

391,305

427,471

639,675

1,936,707

724,025

1,653,035

Total assets

468,247

602,809

677,835

1,027,201

3,317,301

1,167,152

3,218,778

Long-term obligations, excluding current portion

1,900

3,029

4,881

4,882

869,865

4,986

695,740

Stockholders equity

$

377,278

$

501,036

$

530,473

$

809,835

$

2,128,982

$

921,861

$

2,068,365

Three Months

Year Ended October 31,

Ended January 31,

(in thousands, except per share data)

Statement of Operations Data:

Revenue

$

413,215

$

508,087

$

482,085

$

858,750

$

1,603,229

$

351,989

$

162,156

Cost of goods sold

166,472

256,014

299,769

477,393

904,549

191,837

139,687

Gross profit

246,743

252,073

182,316

381,357

698,680

160,152

22,469

Operating expenses:

Research and development (exclusive of $0, $0,
	$0, $0, $17,825, $0 and $3,951 deferred stock compensation costs)

23,773

71,186

101,006

125,434

235,831

42,504

64,756

Selling and marketing (exclusive of $0, $0, $0,
	$0, $8,336, $0 and $956 deferred stock compensation costs)

22,627

47,343

61,603

90,922

146,949

29,636

37,600

General and administrative (exclusive of $40,
	$40, $40, $40, $15,206, $90 and $227 deferred stock compensation
	costs)

11,436

18,428

22,696

33,960

57,865

11,145

13,655

Settlement of accrued contract obligation







(8,538

)







Deferred stock compensation costs

41,367



5,134

Amortization of goodwill



2,341

3,197

3,197

177,786



Amortization of intangible assets



4,413

1,813

In-process research and development



9,503





45,900





Restructuring costs









15,439



6,828



Three Months

Year Ended October 31,

Ended January 31,

(in thousands, except per share data)

Goodwill impairment









1,719,426





Pirelli litigation

7,500

30,579











Merger related costs



2,548

13,021









Provision for doubtful accounts

28,010

(6,579

)





Total operating expenses

65,865

183,003

202,251

273,463

2,438,397

84,292

129,786

Income (loss) from operations

180,878

69,070

(19,935

)

107,894

(1,739,717

)

75,860

(107,317

)

Other income (expense), net

7,178

12,830

13,944

12,680

32,988

4,209

Income (loss) before income taxes

188,056

81,900

(5,991

)

120,574

(1,706,729

)

80,069

(106,956

)

Provision (benefit) for income taxes

72,488

36,200

(2,067

)

39,187

87,333

26,823

(36,365

)

Net income (loss)

$

115,568

$

45,700

$

(3,924

)

$

81,387

$

(1,794,062

)

$

53,246

$

(70,591

)

Basic net income (loss) per common share

$

0.76

$

0.19

$

(0.01

)

$

0.29

$

(5.75

)

$

0.19

$

(0.22

)

Diluted net income (loss) per common and
	dilutive potential common share

$

0.55

$

0.18

$

(0.01

)

$

0.27

$

(5.75

)

$

0.18

$

(0.22

)

Weighted average basic common shares outstanding

151,928

235,980

267,042

281,621

311,815

287,001

327,620

Weighted average basic common and dilutive
	potential common shares outstanding

209,686

255,788

267,042

299,662

311,815

300,956

327,620

Significant events affecting CIENAs
operating trends.
 The comparability of
CIENAs operating results is affected by a number of
significant and nonrecurring items recognized in some periods as
well as acquisitions. In fiscal 1997, CIENA incurred special
charges of $7.5 million related to the Pirelli litigation.
In fiscal 1998, CIENA incurred special charges of
$30.6 million related to the Pirelli litigation, $2.6
million of merger related costs associated with an unsuccessful
merger and $9.5 million in-process research and development
charge associated with the acquisition of Terabit Technologies.
In fiscal 1999, CIENA incurred $13.0 million of merger
related costs associated with Omnia and Lightera. In fiscal
2000, CIENA incurred $28.0 million of additional provision
for doubtful accounts associated with the write-off of customer
receivables. In fiscal 2001, CIENA recorded a goodwill
impairment of $1,719.4 million related to the Cyras
acquisition, an in-process research and development charge of
$45.9 million in connection with the Cyras acquisition, and
restructuring costs to close facilities and terminate employees
of $15.4 million. CIENA consummated the acquisition of
Cyras Systems, Inc. on March 29, 2001. During the three
months ended January 31, 2002, CIENA recorded
$6.8 million of restructuring costs associated with exiting
facilities and terminating employees.



Summary Selected Consolidated Historical
Financial Data of ONI Systems

The information in the following summary selected
consolidated financial data is derived from ONI Systems
audited consolidated financial statements. You should read this
information in conjunction with the financial statements and
notes to the consolidated financial statements which are
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/
prospectus. See Where You Can Find More Information
which begins on
page                .
ONI Systems financial statements as of December 31,
2000 and 2001 and for each of the three years ended
December 31, 2001 were audited by KPMG LLP, independent
accountants. The historical results are not necessarily
indicative of results to be expected for any future period.

As of December 31,

(in thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

19,092

$

80,023

$

852,360

$

338,511

Working capital

19,627

81,758

917,608

415,336

Total assets

21,312

100,942

1,015,468

916,355

Long term obligations, excluding current portion

300,187

300,048

Total stockholders equity

$

20,565

$

91,728

$

677,644

$

557,780

Period from

October 20, 1997

(inception) to

Years Ended December 31,

December 31,

(In thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated Statements of Operations
	Data:

Revenue

$



$

1,733

$

3,034

$

59,662

$

195,680

Costs of goods sold, excluding amortization of
	deferred stock compensation:

Product sales



1,208

1,032

39,980

121,281

Inventory related charges









45,335

Gross profit



2,002

19,682

29,064

Operating expenses:

Research and development, excluding amortization
	of deferred stock compensation

4,009

24,858

53,654

78,355

Sales and marketing, excluding amortization of
	deferred stock compensation

4,557

25,304

51,322

General and administrative, excluding
	amortization of deferred stock compensation

1,591

3,455

16,385

37,388

Restructuring and impairment charges









17,350

Amortization of deferred stock compensation

3,310

11,422

66,413

27,009

Amortization of goodwill and intangibles





1,842

3,594

9,067

Common stock warrant expense





2,891

4,545



In-process research and development







8,240

Total operating expenses

9,559

49,195

169,895

228,731

Operating loss

(198

)

(9,034

)

(47,193

)

(150,213

)

(199,667

)

Interest and other income (expense), net

(1

)

13,333

11,813

Loss before income taxes

(199

)

(8,851

)

(46,570

)

(136,880

)

(187,854

)

Income taxes



Net loss

(199

)

(8,852

)

(46,572

)

(136,887

)

(188,266

)

Beneficial conversion of preferred stock







(4,242

)





Period from

October 20, 1997

(inception) to

Years Ended December 31,

December 31,

(In thousands, except per share data)

Net loss attributable to common stockholders

$

(199

)

$

(8,852

)

$

(46,572

)

$

(141,129

)

$

(188,266

)

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$

(0.77

)

$

(0.74

)

$

(2.58

)

$

(1.22

)

$

(1.40

)

Weighted-average shares outstanding used in
	computing basic and diluted net loss per share

11,919

18,043

115,587

134,756

Significant events affecting ONI Systems
operating trends.
 The comparability of
ONI Systems operating results is affected by a number of
significant and non-recurring items recognized in some periods.
In fiscal 2001, ONI Systems recorded an in-process research and
development charge of $8.2 million related to acquisition
of a product line from Finisar Corporation, restructuring
charges of $17.4 million related to the exiting of certain
facilities and employee terminations and inventory related
charges of $45.4 million.



SUMMARY SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
COMBINED

FINANCIAL DATA

The following selected unaudited pro forma
combined financial data was prepared using the purchase method
of accounting. Due to different fiscal period ends for CIENA and
ONI Systems, the unaudited pro forma combined statement of
earnings data combined the historical consolidated statements of
earnings data for CIENA for the year ended October 31,
2001, with ONI Systems historical consolidated statements
of income data for the year ended December 31, 2001, giving
effect to the merger as if it had occurred on November 1,
2000. The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet data
combines CIENAs historical consolidated balance sheet data
as of January 31, 2002 with ONI Systems historical
consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2001,
giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred as of
January 31, 2002. Due to the differences in year ends, the
ONI Systems fourth quarter 2001 operating results are included
in both the year ended October 31, 2001 and the three
months ended January 31, 2002 pro forma operating results.
The ONI Systems revenue and net loss for the fourth quarter of
2001 are included in the unaudited pro forma combined statement
of operations for the quarter ended January 31, 2002 on
page      . On March 29,
2001, CIENA acquired Cyras Systems, Inc. in a purchase business
combination. Due to the significance of that acquisition, the
CIENA pro forma operating results include adjustments to reflect
the acquisition of Cyras Systems as of November 1, 2000.

The selected unaudited pro forma combined
financial data is based on estimates and assumptions which are
preliminary. This data is presented for informational purposes
only and is not intended to represent or be indicative of the
consolidated results of operations or financial condition of
CIENA that would have been reported had the merger been
completed as of the dates presented, and should not be taken as
representative of future consolidated results of operations of
CIENA.

This selected unaudited pro forma combined
financial data should be read in conjunction with the summary
selected historical consolidated financial data and the
unaudited pro forma combined financial data and accompanying
notes contained elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the separate historical consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes of CIENA and ONI
Systems incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. See the section entitled Where You
Can Find More Information beginning on
page      of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

As of January 31,

(in thousands)

PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
	DATA:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

801,799

Working capital

2,059,126

Total assets

4,493,746

Long-term obligations, excluding current position

995,788

Stockholders equity

2,984,758



Three Months

Year Ended

Ended

Oct. 31, 2001

Jan. 31, 2002

(in thousands, except per share

amounts)

PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
	DATA:

Revenue

$

1,798,909

$

204,319

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of $6,941 and
	$1,244 deferred stock compensation costs)

1,071,165

174,665

Gross profit

727,744

29,654

Operating expenses

Research and development (exclusive of $39,952
	and $6,418 deferred stock compensation costs)

363,240

84,586

Sales and marketing (exclusive of $23,755 and
	$3,279 deferred stock compensation costs)

203,798

51,220

General and administrative (exclusive of $22,884
	and $1,090 deferred stock compensation costs)

91,872

20,612

Deferred stock compensation costs

93,532

12,031

Amortization of goodwill

300,301



Amortization of intangible assets

15,477

3,467

In-process research and development

8,240



Restructuring costs

32,789

8,086

Goodwill impairment

1,719,426



Provision for doubtful accounts

4,042



Total operating expenses

2,832,717

180,002

Loss from operations

(2,104,973

)

(150,348

)

Other income (expense), net

35,149

Loss before income taxes

(2,069,824

)

(149,618

)

Provision (benefit) for income taxes

87,797

(36,110

)

Net loss

$

(2,157,621

)

$

(113,508

)

Basic net loss per common share

$

(5.14

)

$

(0.27

)

Diluted net loss per common and dilutive
	potential common share

$

(5.14

)

$

(0.27

)

Weighted average basic common shares outstanding

419,604

426,331

Weighted average basic common and dilutive
	potential common shares outstanding

419,604

426,331



COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

The following table reflects the historical net
income and book value per share of CIENA common stock and the
historical net loss and book value per share of ONI Systems
common stock in comparison with the unaudited pro forma net loss
and book value per share after giving effect to the pending
merger of CIENA and ONI Systems. The information presented in
the following table should be read in conjunction with the
unaudited pro forma combined financial data and the CIENA
historical consolidated financial statements and the ONI Systems
historical financial statements incorporated by reference or
included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Three Months

Ended

Year Ended

January 31,

October 31, 2001

CIENA HISTORICAL PER SHARE DATA:

Basic net loss per common share

$

(5.75

)

$

(0.22

)

Diluted net loss per common and dilutive
	potential common share

$

(5.75

)

$

(0.22

)

Book value per share at period end(1)

$

6.29

Year Ended

December 31,

ONI SYSTEMS HISTORICAL PER SHARE
	DATA:

Basic net loss per common share

$

(1.40

)

Diluted net loss per common and dilutive
	potential common share

$

(1.40

)

Book value per share at period end(2)

$

3.97

Three Months

Ended

Year Ended

January 31,

October 31, 2001

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CIENA
	(3):

Basic net loss per common share

$

(5.14

)

$

(0.27

)

Diluted net loss per common and dilutive
	potential common share

$

(5.14

)

$

(0.27

)

Book value per share at period end(4)

$

6.97

Three Months

Ended

Year Ended

January 31,

October 31, 2001

EQUIVALENT PRO FORMA COMBINED ONI
	SYSTEMS(5):

Basic net loss per common share

$

(3.65

)

$

(0.19

)

Diluted net loss per common and dilutive
	potential common share

$

(3.65

)

$

(0.19

)

Book value per share at period end

$

4.95

1. 

CIENAs book value per share is computed by
	dividing stockholders equity by the number of shares of
	common stock outstanding at January 31, 2002.

2. 

ONI Systems book value per share is
	computed by dividing stockholders equity by the number of
	shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2001.

3. 

Pro forma combined per share CIENA information
	combines pro forma financial information of CIENA for the year
	ended October 31, 2001 (which includes certain pro forma
	adjustments related to the March 29, 2001 acquisition of
	Cyras System, Inc.) with the financial information of ONI
	Systems for the year ended December 31, 2001 and combines
	financial information of CIENA for the three months ended
	January 31, 2002 with the financial information of ONI
	Systems for the three months ended December 31, 2001. This
	information also assumes the merger occurred as of
	November 1, 2000 and was accounted for using the purchase
	method. The ONI Systems fourth quarter 2001 operating results
	are included in both the pro forma combined data for the year
	ended October 31, 2001 and the three months ended
	January 31, 2002.

4. 

Pro forma combined book value per share is
	computed by dividing pro forma stockholders equity at
	January 31, 2002 by the pro forma number of shares of CIENA
	common stock which would have been outstanding had the merger
	been consummated as of January 31, 2002.

5. 

The equivalent pro forma combined amounts are
	calculated by multiplying the pro forma combined per share
	amounts by the exchange ratio of 0.7104 shares of CIENA common
	stock for each share of ONI Systems common stock.



COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE
DATA

CIENA common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock
Market under the symbol CIEN. ONI Systems common
stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol
ONIS.

The following table shows the high and low sales
prices per share of CIENA common stock and ONI Systems common
stock, each as reported on the Nasdaq National Market on
(i) February 15, 2002, the last full trading day
preceding public announcement that CIENA and ONI Systems had
entered into the merger agreement and
(ii)                the
last full trading day for which high and low sales prices were
available as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

The table also includes the equivalent high and
low sales prices per share of ONI Systems common stock on those
dates. These equivalent high and low sales prices per share
reflect the fluctuating value of the CIENA common stock that ONI
Systems stockholders would receive in exchange for each share of
ONI Systems common stock if the merger was completed on either
of these dates, applying the exchange ratio of
0.7104 shares of CIENA common stock for each share of ONI
Systems common stock.

CIENA

ONI Systems

Equivalent

Common Stock

Common Stock

Price Per Share

High

Low

High

Low

High

Low

February 15, 2002

$

9.20

$

8.54

$

5.54

$

5.11

$

6.54

$

6.07

March   , 2002

The above table shows only historical
comparisons. These comparisons may not provide meaningful
information to CIENA stockholders in determining whether to
approve the issuance of shares of CIENA common stock in
connection with the merger and to ONI Systems stockholders in
determining whether to approve and adopt the merger agreement
and approve the merger. CIENA and ONI Systems stockholders are
urged to obtain current market quotations for CIENA and ONI
Systems common stock and to review carefully the other
information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus in considering whether to approve and adopt
the merger agreement and approve the merger. See the section
entitled Where You Can Find More Information
beginning on page      of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.



FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Some of the statements contained, or incorporated
by reference, in this joint proxy statement/prospectus discuss
future expectations, contain projections of results of
operations or financial condition or state other
forward-looking information. Those statements are
subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially
from those contemplated by the statements. The
forward-looking information is based on various
factors and was derived using numerous assumptions. In some
cases, you can identify these so-called forward-looking
statements by words like may,
will, should, expects,
plans, anticipates,
believes, estimates,
predicts, potential, or
continue or the negative of those words and other
comparable words. You should be aware that those statements only
reflect our predictions. Actual events or results may differ
substantially. Important factors that could cause our actual
results to be materially different from the forward-looking
statements are disclosed under the heading Risk
Factors beginning on
page      and throughout this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.



RISK FACTORS

CIENA and ONI Systems will operate as a
combined company in a market environment that involves
significant risks. In addition to the risks described in each
companys reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q relating to
each company as an independent business, you should carefully
consider the following risk factors relating to the merger and
to ownership of CIENA common stock before deciding how to vote
your shares. You should also consider the other information
contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this joint
proxy statement/ prospectus. See Where You Can Find More
Information on page      .
Among other things, the combined company will face all of the
risks that the individual companies now face, as described in
the incorporated documents, and face heightened risks in areas
such as competition and intellectual property
protection.

The Value of the CIENA Common Stock that ONI
Systems Stockholders Receive in the Merger Will Depend on its
Market Price at the Time of the Merger, and No Adjustment Will
be Made if that Market Price Declines.

Under the merger agreement, ONI Systems
stockholders will receive 0.7104 shares of CIENA common stock
for each share of ONI Systems common stock regardless of any
changes in the market value of ONI Systems or CIENA before the
completion of the merger. The market price of CIENA common stock
is extremely volatile and has fluctuated over a wide range. From
April 20, 2001 to February 22, 2002, CIENA common
stock traded as high as $70.89 per share and as low as $7.13 per
share. The market price of CIENA common stock may continue to
fluctuate significantly in response to various factors,
including:

 

quarterly variations in operating results or
	growth rates;

 

changes in estimates by securities analysts;

 

market conditions in the industry;

 

announcements and actions by customers or
	competitors;

 

regulatory and judicial actions; and

 

general economic conditions.

The dollar value of CIENA common stock that ONI
Systems stockholders will receive upon completion of the merger
will depend on the market value of CIENA common stock at the
time of completion of the merger, which may be different from,
and lower than, the closing price of CIENA common stock on the
last full trading day preceding public announcement that CIENA
and ONI Systems entered into the merger agreement, the last full
trading day prior to the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or the date of the special meetings.
Moreover, completion of the merger may occur some time after
stockholder approval has been obtained. There will be no
adjustment to the exchange ratio, and the parties do not have a
right to terminate the merger agreement, based upon changes in
the market price of either CIENA common stock or ONI Systems
common stock.

If CIENA Is Not Able to Integrate ONI Systems
into its Operations Successfully, Some or All of the Potential
Benefits of the Merger May Not Be Realized.

Although CIENA and ONI Systems expect that the
merger will result in benefits to the combined company, the
combined company may not realize these benefits because of
integration and other challenges. The failure of the combined
company to realize any of the anticipated benefits of the merger
could severely harm the results of operations of the combined
company.



Achieving the benefits of the merger will depend
in part on the integration of the technology, operations and
personnel of the two companies in a timely and efficient manner,
which involves many risks, including:

 

difficulty assimilating ONI Systems
	technology, product offerings, sales efforts, operations and
	personnel;

 

difficulty coordinating research and development
	efforts to introduce new products and technologies;

 

diversion of management attention;

 

potential disruption of ongoing business;

 

inability to retain key personnel;

 

potential expenditures of significant cash
	resources to accomplish the benefits of the merger;

 

inability to maintain uniform standards,
	controls, procedures and policies; and

 

impairment of relationships with employees,
	customers or vendors.

Failure to overcome these risks or any other
problems encountered in connection with the merger or other
similar transactions could have a material adverse effect on
CIENAs business, results of operations and financial
condition.

Directors and Officers of ONI Systems May Have
Conflicts of Interest that Influence their Decision to Approve
the Merger.

You should be aware of potential conflicts of
interest of, and the benefits available to, directors and
executive officers of ONI Systems when considering the ONI
Systems board of directors recommendation of the merger
agreement. The directors and executive officers of ONI Systems
have interests in the merger that are in addition to, or
different from, their interests as ONI Systems stockholders.

These interests include:

 

New Employment and Consulting
	Agreements.
 Hugh Martin has entered
	into a consulting agreement with CIENA. William Cumpston and
	Rohit Sharma have both entered into employment agreements with
	CIENA. Each of these agreements become effective upon the
	completion of the merger. Under the agreements, these
	individuals are entitled to receive compensation and benefits as
	described under The Merger  Interests of
	Executive Officers and Directors in the Merger on
	page      .

 

Stock Option Grants and
	Accelerations.
 ONI Systems stock
	options held by members of the ONI Systems board of directors
	will accelerate in connection with the merger and become 100%
	vested and exercisable in full. The ONI Systems options held by
	Robert J. Jandro and Michael A. Dillon, both of whom are
	executive officers of ONI Systems, will accelerate in connection
	with the merger so that 25% of the unvested shares subject to
	these options will become vested. In addition, several other
	employees of ONI Systems have stock options with acceleration of
	vesting in connection with the merger.

 

Loan Agreements with Executive
	Officers.
 ONI Systems made two loans
	to Michael Dillon with a current balance of $102,407 and one
	loan to Hugh Martin, with a current balance of $1,726,576. In
	addition, the promissory note from Robert Jandro, with an
	outstanding balance of $2,451,164 was amended to allow for
	partial prepayment in proportion to the amount of stock sold.
	All of the promissory notes issued in exchange for the loans are
	secured by shares of ONI Systems common stock.

 

Directors and Officers Insurance;
	Indemnification of ONI Systems Directors and
	Officers.
 Under the merger agreement,
	present and former directors and officers of ONI Systems have
	significant rights to directors and officers
	insurance coverage and to indemnification with respect to acts
	and



omissions in their capacities as directors and
	officers of ONI Systems, for six years following closing,
	including acts and omissions relating to the merger.

The $300 Million in Additional Debt that CIENA
Will Assume in Connection with the Merger May Limit CIENAs
Financing Options in the Future and Could Weaken Our
Business.

ONI Systems has $300 million principal amount of
5% convertible subordinated notes due October 15, 2005
outstanding. CIENA will assume these ONI Systems notes at the
effective date of the merger. In addition, CIENA issued $690
million principal amount of 3.75% convertible notes due
February 1, 2008 and assumed $150 million principal
amount of 4.50% convertible subordinated notes when it acquired
Cyras in March 2001. This additional indebtedness could
adversely affect CIENA in a number of ways, including:

 

limiting CIENAs ability to obtain
	additional financing in the future;

 

limiting CIENAs flexibility to plan for, or
	react to, changes in its business;

 

requiring CIENA to use a substantial portion of
	its cash flow from operations or utilize a significant portion
	of cash on hand to repay the debt when due, rather than for
	other purposes, such as working capital or capital expenditures;

 

making CIENA more highly leveraged than some of
	its competitors, which may place it at a competitive
	disadvantage; and

 

making CIENA more vulnerable to a downturn in its
	business.

Additionally, in the event that the holders of
the notes convert their notes into CIENA common stock, CIENA
would have to issue a significant number of shares of additional
common stock. For example, if the merger had closed on
March 19, 2002, CIENA would have to issue 2,325,757 shares
of its common stock if holders of the entire $300 million
convertible notes elected to convert. The 3.75% notes and 4.50%
notes are currently convertible at conversion prices of $104.38
and $144.64 per share.

CIENA and ONI Systems May Be Unable to Obtain
the Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Merger or the
Combined Company May Be Required to Comply with Material
Restrictions or Conditions.

The merger is subject to review by the United
States Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of
the Department of Justice under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976. Under this statute, CIENA and ONI
Systems are required to make pre-merger notification filings and
await the expiration or early termination of statutory waiting
periods prior to completing the merger. CIENA and ONI Systems
may receive a request for additional information and other
documentary material from the Department of Justice or the
Federal Trade Commission under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act in
connection with the merger. In practice, complying with a
request for additional information or material under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act can take a significant amount of time. Any
delay in the completion of the merger could diminish the
anticipated benefits of the merger or result in additional
transaction costs, loss of revenue or other effects associated
with uncertainty about the transaction. The merger also may be
subject to review by the governmental authorities of various
other jurisdictions under the antitrust laws of those
jurisdictions.

The reviewing authorities may sue to block the
merger or may try to impose restrictions or conditions on the
merger that may seriously harm the combined company if the
merger is completed. These conditions could include a complete
or partial license, divestiture, spin-off or the holding
separate of assets or businesses. CIENA is not required under
the merger agreement to agree to restrictions or conditions
requested by governmental authorities that would require it to
divest any material business or materially restrict the combined
companys business. CIENA and ONI Systems could agree,
however, to restrictions or conditions imposed by antitrust
authorities in order to obtain regulatory approval, and these
restrictions or conditions could harm the combined
companys operations. No additional stockholder approval is
expected to be required for any decision by CIENA or ONI
Systems, after the special meeting of ONI



Systems stockholders and the special meeting of
CIENA stockholders, to agree to any terms and conditions
necessary to resolve any regulatory objections to the merger.

Charges to Earnings Resulting from the
Application of the Purchase Method of Accounting May Adversely
Affect the Market Value of CIENAs Common Stock Following
the Merger.

In accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles, the combined company will
account for the merger using the purchase method of accounting,
which will result in charges to earnings that could have a
material adverse effect on the market value of the common stock
of CIENA following completion of the merger. Under the purchase
method of accounting, the combined company will allocate the
total estimated purchase price to ONI Systems net tangible
assets, amortizable intangible assets, intangible assets with
indefinite lives and in-process research and development based
on their fair values as of the date of completion of the merger,
and record the excess of the purchase price over those fair
values as goodwill. The portion of the estimated purchase price
allocated to in-process research and development will be
expensed by the combined company in the quarter in which the
merger is completed. The combined company will incur additional
depreciation and amortization expense over the useful lives of
certain of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in
connection with the merger. In addition, to the extent the value
of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite lives becomes
impaired, the combined company may be required to incur material
charges relating to the impairment of those assets. These
depreciation, amortization, in-process research and development
and potential impairment charges could have a material impact on
the combined companys results of operations.

The Economic Downturn Could Continue to
Adversely Affect the Revenues, Gross Margins and Expenses of the
Combined Company.

The revenues and gross margins of the combined
company will depend significantly on the overall demand for
fiber-optic telecommunications equipment. Continued weakening in
demand for fiber-optic telecommunications equipment of CIENA and
ONI Systems caused by the ongoing economic downturn may result
in decreased revenues for the combined company. The global
economy has weakened and market conditions continue to be
challenging. As a result, individuals and companies are delaying
or reducing expenditures. CIENA and ONI Systems have observed
effects of the global economic downturn in many areas of their
businesses. The downturn has contributed to reported net revenue
declines during recent quarters for CIENA, as well as a lowered
revenue outlook for both companies. The economic downturn has
also led to restructuring actions and contributed to writedowns
to reflect the impairment of certain assets.

The Competitive Pressures the Combined Company
Will Face Could Harm Its Revenues, Gross Margins and
Prospects.

The combined company will encounter aggressive
competition from numerous and varied competitors in all areas of
its business. If the combined company fails to develop new
products, periodically enhance its existing products, or
otherwise compete successfully, it could harm its operations and
prospects. Further, the combined company may have to continue to
lower the prices of its products to stay competitive, while at
the same time trying to maintain or improve gross margins. We
believe that the merger will result in improvements to gross
margin on a combined company basis, principally through lower
costs and increased manufacturing efficiencies. However, if the
combined company cannot decrease its cost structure in response
to competitive pressures, its gross margins and therefore the
profitability of the combined company could be adversely
affected.



The Businesses of CIENA and ONI Systems May Be
Adversely Affected if the Merger Is Not Completed.

If the merger is not completed, CIENA and ONI
Systems could each suffer a number of consequences that would
adversely affect its business, including:

 

failure to realize the enhanced financial and
	competitive position each expects as a result of the acquisition;

 

the diversion of management attention from
	day-to-day business and the unavoidable disruption to each
	companys employees and relationships with customers as a
	result of efforts and uncertainties relating to the anticipated
	merger may detract from each companys ability to grow
	revenues and minimize costs, which, in turn may lead to a loss
	of market position;

 

the significant expenses related to the merger
	each has incurred and will continue to incur prior to closing of
	the transaction; and

 

the possibility that either company could, under
	certain circumstances, be required to pay the other a
	substantial termination fee if its board of directors were to
	change recommendations in favor of the merger.

The Combined Company May Suffer if It Cannot
Satisfactorily Resolve Litigation by Nortel against ONI Systems
or if Third Parties Assert that the Combined Company Violates
Their Intellectual Property Rights.

In March 2000, Nortel Networks filed suit
against ONI Systems in the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California. The suit alleges that ONI
Systems products infringe five patents held by Nortel
Networks, and sets forth allegations of misappropriation of
trade secrets, unlawful business practices and common law unfair
competition. Nortel Networks is seeking preliminary and
permanent injunctions and damages against ONI in connection with
these claims. If Nortel Networks is able to obtain an injunction
preventing ONI Systems from selling its products, ONI Systems
would suffer a substantial reduction in its revenues and incur
losses over an extended period of time. ONI Systems has incurred
substantial legal and other expenses as well as diversion of
management time and attention in connection with this
litigation. The expenses and diversion of resources associated
with this litigation could seriously harm the business and
financial condition of ONI Systems. Following the merger, the
combined company will incur these litigation-related expenses,
diversion of management time and attention, and would be subject
to any adverse ruling, including an injunction preventing sale
of ONI Systems products, which could seriously harm the
combined companys business and financial condition and
could affect the combined companys ability to raise
capital in the future. In the event of an adverse ruling, ONI
Systems or the combined company may be unable to sell its
products or be required to pay substantial damages to Nortel
Networks, and if this litigation is resolved by settlement, ONI
Systems or the combined company might need to make substantial
payments to Nortel Networks.

The combined company generally will rely upon
patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United
States and similar laws in other countries, and agreements with
its employees, customers, partners and other parties, to
establish and maintain its intellectual property rights in
technology and products used in the combined companys
operations. However, any of its intellectual property rights
could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or its
intellectual property rights may not provide competitive
advantages, which could significantly harm its business. Also,
because of the rapid pace of technological change in the
information technology industry, much of the combined
companys business and many of its products will rely on
key technologies developed by third parties, and the combined
company may not be able to obtain or renew licenses and
technologies from these third parties at all or on reasonable
terms. Third parties also may claim that the combined company is
infringing upon their intellectual property rights. Even if the
combined company does not believe that its products or business
are infringing upon third parties intellectual property
rights, the claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend
and divert managements attention and resources away from
the combined companys business. Claims of intellectual
property infringement also might require the combined company to
enter into costly settlement or license



agreements. If the combined company cannot or
does not license the infringed technology at all or on
reasonable terms or substitute similar technology from another
source, its operations could suffer. In addition, it is possible
that as a consequence of the merger, some intellectual property
rights of the combined company may be licensed to a third party
that had not been licensed prior to the creation of the combined
company or that certain restrictions could be imposed on the
business of CIENA or ONI Systems prior to the merger.
Consequently, the combined company may lose a competitive
advantage with respect to these intellectual property rights or
the combined company may be required to enter into costly
arrangements in order to terminate or limit these agreements.

ONI Systems is Prohibited from Soliciting
Other Offers.

The merger agreement contains detailed provisions
that prohibit ONI Systems and its officers and directors, from
taking any action to solicit or engage in discussions or
negotiations with any person or group with respect to any
acquisition proposal as defined in the merger agreement. The
merger agreement does not, however, prohibit ONI Systems or its
board of directors from considering, or in the event of a tender
or exchange offer made directly to stockholders, recommending,
an unsolicited bona fide written acquisition proposal from a
third party, if specified conditions are met.

CIENA and ONI Systems May Terminate the Merger
Agreement Under Specified Circumstances.

Under certain circumstances specified in the
merger agreement, either CIENA or ONI Systems may terminate the
merger agreement. These circumstances generally include if:

 

the merger is not completed by September 30,
	2002;

 

a final, non-appealable order of a court or other
	action of any governmental authority has the effect of
	permanently prohibiting completion of the merger;

 

the required approval of the stockholders of each
	of CIENA and ONI Systems has not been obtained at its duly held
	special meeting;

 

the board of directors of the other party takes
	any of the actions in opposition to the merger as described in
	the merger agreement;

 

the other party breaches its representations,
	warranties or covenants in the merger agreement and as a result
	there is or would likely be a material adverse effect on the
	breaching party;

 

ONI Systems determines to accept a superior
	acquisition proposal from a third party; or

 

the other party consents to termination.

If the merger agreement is terminated, depending
on the circumstances one party may be required to reimburse
expenses of up to $2 million and pay the other a
termination fee of $36.7 million, or CIENA may be required
to pay ONI Systems a termination fee of $87.2 million under
certain limited conditions.

The Merger May Fail to Qualify as a
Reorganization, Resulting in the Recognition of Taxable Gains or
Losses on ONI System Shares.

CIENA and ONI Systems have structured the merger
to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code. Although the Internal Revenue Service has
not provided a ruling on the matter, CIENA and ONI Systems
expect to obtain legal opinions from their respective counsel
that the merger qualifies as a reorganization. These opinions do
not bind the IRS or prevent the



IRS from adopting a contrary position. If the
merger fails to qualify as a reorganization and the companies
decide to proceed with the merger, ONI Systems stockholders
generally would recognize gains or losses on each share of ONI
Systems common stock surrendered in the amount of the difference
between the basis in that share and the fair market value of the
CIENA common stock received in exchange for that share at the
effective time of the merger.

ONI Systems is the Subject of Legal
Proceedings Regarding the Merger.

On February 20, 2002, a complaint was filed
on behalf of a purported class of ONI Systems security holders
in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of San
Mateo against ONI Systems, Matthew Bross, Kevin Compton,
Jonathan Feiber, Gregory Maffei and Hugh Martin, seeking an
injunction to prevent the consummation of the proposed merger
with CIENA. The complaint alleges that the director defendants,
in connection with the approval of the proposed merger with
CIENA, breached their fiduciary duties, including duties of
loyalty and good faith, to ONI stockholders by, among other
things, allegedly failing to obtain the highest value for ONI
stockholders, engaging in self-dealing and unjustly enriching
themselves and other insiders or affiliates of ONI. The
complaint, which is encaptioned K.W. Sams, On Behalf of Himself
and All Others Similarly Situated v. ONI Systems Corporation, et
al., Case No. CIV-420819, seeks declaratory, injunctive and
other relief permitted by equity. ONI Systems believes that the
lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend the case
vigorously.



THE SPECIAL MEETING OF CIENA
STOCKHOLDERS

General

CIENA is furnishing this document to holders of
CIENA common stock in connection with the solicitation of
proxies by the CIENA board of directors for use at the special
meeting of CIENA stockholders to be held
on                     ,
2002 and at any adjournment or postponement thereof.

This document was first mailed to stockholders of
CIENA on or
about                     ,
2002.

Date, Time and Place

The special meeting will be held
on                     ,
2002 at 9:00 a.m., local time, at the BWI Marriott Hotel,
1743 W. Nursery Road, Linthicum, Maryland 21090.
CIENAs telephone number is (410)865-8500.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

At the special meeting, and any adjournment or
postponement thereof the holders of CIENA common stock will be
asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve and adopt
the merger agreement by and among CIENA and ONI Systems and the
related issuance of shares of CIENA common stock to ONI
Systems stockholders in the merger.

A copy of the merger agreement is attached to
this document as Annex A. CIENA stockholders are encouraged to
read the merger agreement in its entirety.

Record Date for the Special Meeting

The CIENA board of directors has fixed the close
of business
on                     ,
2002 as the record date for determination of CIENA stockholders
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting.

Voting of Proxies at the Special Meeting and
Revocation of Proxies

CIENA requests that all holders of CIENA common
stock on the record date complete, date and sign the
accompanying proxy card and promptly return it in the
accompanying envelope or otherwise mail it to CIENA. All
properly executed proxies that CIENA receives prior to the vote
at the special meeting, and that are not revoked, will be voted
in accordance with the instructions indicated on the proxies. If
no direction is indicated on such proxies, such proxies will be
voted in favor of approval and adoption of the merger agreement
and approval of the merger and the share issuance. The CIENA
board of directors does not currently intend to bring any other
business before the special meeting and, to the knowledge of the
CIENA board of directors, no other matters are to be brought
before the special meeting. If other business properly comes
before the special meeting, the proxies will vote in accordance
with their own judgment.

A CIENA stockholder may revoke a proxy at any
time prior to its use:

 

by delivering to the Secretary of CIENA a signed
	notice of revocation;

 

by delivering to the Secretary of CIENA a
	later-dated, signed proxy; or

 

by attending the special meeting and voting in
	person.

Attendance at the special meeting does not in
itself constitute the revocation of a proxy.

Votes Required for Approval and Adoption of
the Merger Agreement and Approval of the Merger

In order for the merger to be effective, the
holders of a majority of the shares of CIENA common stock
outstanding as of the record date must vote to adopt and approve
the merger agreement and approve the issuance of shares in the
merger. As of the close of business on the record date for the
special
meeting,                      shares
of CIENA common stock were outstanding and there were
approximately                     stockholders
of record. Each share of CIENA common stock outstanding on the
record date is entitled to one vote at the special meeting on
each matter to be voted on.



As of the close of business on the record date
for the special meeting, CIENAs directors and executive
officers (and their respective affiliates) held
approximately                      shares
of CIENA common stock, or
approximately           %
of the shares of CIENA common stock entitled to vote at the
special meeting, excluding options and warrants to purchase
CIENA common stock which were unexercised as of the record date.

Quorum and Abstentions

A majority of all shares of CIENA common stock
outstanding as of the record date, represented in person or by
proxy, constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business at
the special meeting. Broker non-votes and shares held by persons
abstaining will be counted in determining whether a quorum is
present at the CIENA special meeting. CIENA has appointed its
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary to function
as the inspector of elections of the special meeting. The
inspector of elections will ascertain whether a quorum is
present, tabulate votes and determine the voting results on all
matters presented to CIENA stockholders at the special meeting.
If a quorum is not present, or fewer shares of CIENA common
stock are voted for the adoption and approval of the merger
agreement and the approval of the merger than a majority of the
shares eligible to vote at the special meeting in person or by
proxy, the special meeting may be postponed or adjourned for the
purpose of allowing additional time for obtaining additional
proxies or votes, and at any subsequent reconvening of the
special meeting, all proxies will be voted in the same manner as
the proxies would have been voted at the original convening of
the special meeting, except for any proxies that have been
effectively revoked or withdrawn prior to the subsequent special
meeting.

If you submit a proxy that indicates an
abstention from voting, your shares will be counted as present
for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum at the
special meeting, but they will not be voted at the applicable
special meeting. Consequently, your abstention will have the
same effect as a vote against the proposal to adopt and approve
the merger agreement and to approve the merger and share
issuance.

If your shares are held by your broker, your
broker will vote your shares for you only if you provide
instructions on how to vote your shares. You should follow the
directions provided by your broker regarding how to instruct
your broker to vote your shares. Your broker cannot vote your
shares of common stock at the special meeting without specific
instructions from you. Because the affirmative vote of a
majority of the outstanding shares of CIENA common stock is
required to adopt and approve the merger agreement and to
approve the merger and share issuance, if you do not instruct
your broker how to vote, it will have the effect of a vote
against adoption and approval of the merger agreement and
approval of the merger and share issuance.

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

CIENA will bear its own expenses in connection
with the solicitation of proxies for its special meeting of
stockholders, except that CIENA will bear all printing and
filing costs and expenses, other than attorneys and
accountants fees and expenses of ONI Systems. CIENA will
bear all other expenses incurred in connection with the
preparation of this document and the preparation and filing of
the registration statement of which this document forms a part.

In addition to solicitation by mail, directors,
officers and employees of CIENA may solicit proxies from
stockholders by telephone, facsimile, e-mail or in person. No
additional compensation will be paid to these individuals for
any such services. Nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians
will be requested to forward soliciting materials to beneficial
owners and will be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses
incurred in sending proxy materials to beneficial owners. CIENA
intends to use Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. as a
proxy solicitor to solicit proxies from stockholders, either
personally, or by telephone, telegram, facsimile or electronic
or United States mail, and will pay Georgeson a fee of
approximately
$          for
these services plus reimbursement of expenses. Additionally, if
a telephone campaign to investors becomes necessary and is
authorized by CIENA, there could be a charge of
$          per
completed telephone contact.



Board of Directors Recommendation

The CIENA board of directors has determined that
the merger agreement is advisable, and that the terms of the
merger agreement and the merger are fair to and in the best
interests of CIENA and its stockholders. Accordingly, the CIENA
board of directors has approved the merger agreement and
recommends that stockholders vote 
FOR

adoption and approval of the merger agreement, approval of the
merger and approval of the issuance of shares in the merger.

The matter to be considered at the special
meeting is of great importance to the stockholders of CIENA.
Accordingly, CIENA stockholders are urged to read and carefully
consider the information presented in this document and to
complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy in
the enclosed, postage-paid envelope.



THE SPECIAL MEETING OF ONI SYSTEMS
STOCKHOLDERS

General

ONI Systems is furnishing this document to
holders of ONI Systems common stock in connection with the
solicitation of proxies by the ONI Systems board of directors
for use at the special meeting of ONI Systems stockholders to be
held
on                     ,
2002, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. This
document also is being furnished to ONI Systems stockholders by
CIENA as a prospectus of CIENA in connection with the issuance
by CIENA of shares of CIENA common stock as contemplated by the
merger agreement.

This document was first mailed to stockholders of
ONI Systems on or
about                     ,
2002.

Date, Time and Place

The special meeting will be held
on                     ,
2002 at 9:00 a.m., local time,
at                                                                               .
ONI Systems telephone number is (408) 965-2600.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

The purpose of the ONI Systems special
meeting is to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and
adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
February 17, 2002 between CIENA and ONI Systems. The merger
agreement provides for the merger of ONI Systems with and into
CIENA, with CIENA surviving the merger. In the merger, ONI
Systems stockholders will receive 0.7104 shares of CIENA
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, for each share of ONI
Systems common stock, par value $0.0001 per share.

A copy of the merger agreement is attached to
this document as Annex A. ONI Systems stockholders are
encouraged to read the merger agreement in its entirety.

Record Date for the Special Meeting

The ONI Systems board of directors has fixed the
close of business
on                     ,
2002 as the record date for determination of ONI Systems
stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the special
meeting.

Voting of Proxies at the Special Meeting and
Revocation of Proxies

ONI Systems requests that all holders of ONI
Systems common stock on the record date complete, date and sign
the accompanying proxy card and promptly return it in the
accompanying envelope or otherwise mail it to ONI Systems. All
properly executed proxies that ONI Systems receives prior to the
vote at the special meeting, and that are not revoked, will be
voted in accordance with the instructions indicated on the
proxies. If no direction is indicated on such proxies, such
proxies will be voted in favor of approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and approval of the merger.

An ONI Systems stockholder may revoke a proxy at
any time prior to its use:

 

by delivering to the Secretary of ONI Systems a
	signed notice of revocation;

 

by delivering to the Secretary of ONI Systems a
	later-dated, signed proxy; or

 

by attending the special meeting and voting in
	person.

Attendance at the special meeting does not in
itself constitute the revocation of a proxy. If you have
instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must follow the
directions received from your broker to change those
instructions.



Votes Required for Approval and Adoption of
the Merger Agreement and Approval of the Merger

In order for the merger to be effective, the
holders of a majority of the shares of ONI Systems common stock
outstanding as of the record date must vote to adopt and approve
the merger agreement and approve the merger. As of the close of
business on the record date for the special meeting,
approximately                      shares
of ONI Systems common stock were outstanding and there were
approximately                     stockholders
of record. Each share of ONI Systems common stock outstanding on
the record date is entitled to one vote at the special meeting
on each matter to be voted on.

As of the close of business on the record date
for the special meeting, ONI Systems directors and executive
officers (and their respective affiliates) held
approximately                     shares
of ONI Systems common stock or
approximately           %
of the shares of ONI Systems common stock entitled to vote at
the special meeting, excluding options and warrants to purchase
ONI Systems common stock which were unexercised as of the record
date. In addition, directors, executive officers and
stockholders of ONI Systems beneficially owning an aggregate of
approximately                      shares
of ONI Systems common stock (excluding any shares issuable upon
the exercise of options and warrants) as of the close of
business on the record date for the special meeting, or
approximately           %
of the shares of ONI Systems common stock entitled to vote at
the special meeting, have entered into stockholder agreements,
pursuant to which they have agreed to vote their ONI Systems
shares in favor of adoption and approval of the merger agreement
and approval of the merger, in favor of any matter that could
reasonably be expected to facilitate the merger, against any
proposal made in opposition to, or in competition with, the
merger, and against any amendment of the ONI Systems certificate
of incorporation or bylaws that is intended to, or that could
reasonably be expected to impede, frustrate, prevent or nullify
the merger or change the voting rights of the capital stock. As
of the close of business on the record date for the special
meeting, no director or executive officer of ONI Systems owned
any shares of CIENA common stock. See the section entitled
The Merger  Interests of Executive Officers and
Directors in the Merger.

Quorum and Abstentions

A majority of all shares of ONI Systems common
stock outstanding as of the record date, represented in person
or by proxy, constitutes a quorum for the transaction of
business at the special meeting. Broker non-votes and shares
held by persons abstaining will be counted in determining
whether a quorum is present at the ONI Systems special meeting.
ONI Systems has appointed its transfer agent, Mellon Investor
Services LLC, to function as the inspector of elections of the
special meeting. The inspector of elections will ascertain
whether a quorum is present, tabulate votes and determine the
voting results on all matters presented to ONI Systems
stockholders at the special meeting. If a quorum is not present,
or fewer shares of ONI Systems common stock are voted for the
adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the approval
of the merger than a majority of the shares eligible to vote at
the special meeting in person or by proxy, the special meeting
may be postponed or adjourned for the purpose of allowing
additional time for obtaining additional proxies or votes, and
at any subsequent reconvening of the special meeting, all
proxies will be voted in the same manner as the proxies would
have been voted at the original convening of the special
meeting, except for any proxies that have been effectively
revoked or withdrawn prior to the subsequent special meeting.

If you submit a proxy that indicates an
abstention from voting in all matters, your shares will be
counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence
of a quorum at the special meeting, but they will not be voted
on any matter at the applicable special meeting. Consequently,
your abstention will have the same effect as a vote against the
proposal to adopt and approve the merger agreement and to
approve the merger.

If your shares are held by your broker, your
broker will vote your shares for you only if you provide
instructions on how to vote your shares. You should follow the
directions provided by your broker regarding how to instruct
your broker to vote your shares. Your broker cannot vote your
shares of ONI Systems common stock at the special meeting
without specific instructions from you. Because the affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of ONI Systems
common stock is required to



approve and adopt the merger agreement and to
approve the merger, if you do not instruct your broker how to
vote, it will have the effect of a vote against approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

ONI Systems will bear its own expenses in
connection with the solicitation of proxies for its special
meeting of stockholders, except that CIENA will bear all
printing and filing costs and expenses, other than
attorneys and accountants fees and expenses of ONI
Systems. ONI Systems will bear all other expenses incurred in
connection with the preparation of this document and the
preparation and filing of the registration statement of which
this document forms a part.

In addition to solicitation by mail, directors,
officers and employees of ONI Systems may solicit proxies from
stockholders by telephone, facsimile, e-mail or in person. No
additional compensation will be paid to these individuals for
any such services. Some of these individuals may have interests
in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the
interests of ONI Systems stockholders generally. See The
Merger and Related Transactions  Interests of
Executive Officers and Directors in the Merger. Nominees,
fiduciaries and other custodians will be requested to forward
soliciting materials to beneficial owners and will be reimbursed
for their reasonable expenses incurred in sending proxy
materials to beneficial owners. ONI Systems intends to
use                     as
a proxy solicitor to solicit proxies from stockholders, either
personally, or by telephone, telegram, facsimile or electronic
or United States mail, and will
pay                     a
fee of approximately
$          for
these services plus reimbursement of expenses. Additionally, if
a telephone campaign to investors becomes necessary and is
authorized by ONI Systems, there could be a charge of
$          per
completed telephone contact.

Board of Directors Recommendation

The ONI Systems board of directors has
unanimously determined that the merger agreement is advisable,
and that the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are
fair to and in the best interests of ONI Systems and its
stockholders. Accordingly, the ONI Systems board of directors
has unanimously approved the merger agreement and unanimously
recommends that stockholders vote 
FOR

adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of
the merger. In considering such recommendation, ONI Systems
stockholders should be aware that some ONI Systems directors and
officers have interests in the merger that are different from,
or in addition to, those of ONI Systems stockholders, and that
ONI Systems has agreed to provide indemnification arrangements
to directors and officers of ONI Systems. See The Merger
and Related Transactions  Interests of Executive
Officers and Directors of ONI Systems in the Merger.

The matter to be considered at the special
meeting is of great importance to the stockholders of ONI
Systems. Accordingly, ONI Systems stockholders are urged to read
and carefully consider the information presented in this
document and to complete, date, sign and promptly return the
enclosed proxy in the enclosed, postage-paid envelope.

ONI Systems stockholders should not send
any stock certificates with their proxy cards. A transmittal
form with instructions for the surrender of ONI Systems common
stock certificates will be mailed to ONI Systems stockholders
promptly following completion of the merger. For more
information regarding the procedures for exchanging ONI Systems
stock certificates for CIENA stock certificates, see Terms
of the Merger Agreement and Related Transactions 
Exchange of Certificates; Fractional Shares.



THE MERGER

General

The boards of directors of CIENA and ONI Systems
have each approved the merger agreement, which provides for the
merger of ONI Systems with and into CIENA, with CIENA being the
surviving corporation of the merger. Each share of ONI Systems
common stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger will be
converted into the right to receive 0.7104 shares of CIENA
common stock. Fractional shares of CIENA common stock will not
be issued in connection with the merger, and ONI Systems
stockholders otherwise entitled to a fractional share will be
paid in cash for the fractional share, in the manner described
under Terms of the Merger Agreement and Related
Transactions Exchange of Certificates; Fractional
Shares.

Background of the Merger

As a regular part of their businesses, CIENA and
ONI Systems from time to time have each independently considered
opportunities to expand and strengthen their own technology,
products, research and development capabilities and distribution
channels, including opportunities through strategic
acquisitions, business combinations, investments, licenses,
development agreements and joint ventures.

In late September 2001, Robert Finch,
CIENAs Senior Vice President Corporate Development,
contacted and had a brief conversation with Andrew Page, Vice
President of Business Development for ONI Systems, whom he had
met at a prior industry conference. The purpose of this call was
to determine whether ONI Systems had any interest in discussing
potential synergies between the two companies.

In early October 2001, Mr. Page
telephoned Mr. Finch and informed him that ONI Systems
would be interested in a transaction only if it brought
important strategic benefits to the combined company.

On November 12, 2001, Dr. Patrick
Nettles, CIENAs Executive Chairman, met with Hugh Martin,
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ONI Systems,
at CIENAs offices in Linthicum, Maryland to discuss a
potential business combination or strategic relationship between
the two companies. As a result of that meeting, Dr. Nettles
asked Steve Chaddick, CIENAs Senior Vice President and
Chief Strategy Officer, to meet further with Mr. Martin to
discuss ONI Systems. Thereafter, on December 6, 2001,
Mr. Chaddick met with Mr. Martin in Cupertino,
California.

On December 17, 2001, Mr. Martin,
Jonathan Feiber and Kevin Compton, all of whom are members of
the ONI Systems board of directors, met to discuss overall
business strategies and the potential combination of the two
companies.

Commencing in early January 2002 and
continuing through Goldman, Sachs & Co.s formal
engagement later in January, ONI Systems executives held many
discussions with representatives of Goldman Sachs regarding
strategic alternatives and opportunities for ONI Systems.
Commencing January 20, 2002, Lawton Fitt, a Managing
Director of Goldman Sachs International, an affiliate of Goldman
Sachs, who is also a director of CIENA, recused herself from
deliberating and voting on any proposals presented to
CIENAs board of directors in respect of the merger
agreement and merger.

On January 8, 2002, both Mr. Chaddick
and Gary Smith, CIENAs President and Chief Executive
Officer, had separate, brief conversations with Mr. Martin
at an industry conference in Scottsdale, Arizona regarding
potential strategic opportunities, including the potential
combination of the two companies.

On January 9, 2002, Stephen Alexander,
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of CIENA,
contacted Mr. Martin to inform him that CIENA was
interested in pursuing a potential business combination between
the two companies.

On January 11, 2002, Mr. Chaddick met
with Mr. Martin and Rohit Sharma, ONI Systems founder
and Chief Technology Officer, at ONI Systems offices in
San Jose, California. The ONI Systems executives gave a
presentation of ONI Systems current products, product
strategies and development efforts and a tour of ONI
Systems manufacturing facilities.

On January 14, 2002, CIENA and ONI Systems
entered into a general purpose nondisclosure agreement.



Also on January 14, 2002, Mr. Alexander
and Jeffrey Livas, CIENAs Vice President Systems
Technology, met with Messrs. Martin and Sharma, Paul
Mitalas, ONI Systems Vice President ONLINE Development,
and Brian Pheiffer, ONI Systems Senior Network Architect,
at ONI Systems offices in San Jose. The CIENA executives
presented an overview of CIENAs various products and
technologies. The ONI Systems executives presented an overview
of ONI Systems products and a tour of its manufacturing
facilities.

On January 16, 2002, Mr. Martin and
Mr. Smith had a telephone conversation to discuss due
diligence issues and to set up further meetings to discuss a
potential business combination of the two companies.

On January 18, 2002, a meeting took place in
Saratoga, California between representatives of CIENA and ONI
Systems. CIENAs team consisted of Messrs. Smith, Finch,
Alexander and Joseph R. Chinnici, CIENAs Senior Vice
President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. ONI Systems was
represented by Messrs. Martin, Sharma, Page and William
Cumpston, ONI Systems Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer. The ONI Systems executives provided a review
of ONI Systems products, current business status and
future prospects, and the parties engaged in a discussion
regarding the possibility of a business combination.

Also on January 18, 2002, members of the
board of directors of ONI Systems held informal discussions
during which Mr. Martin described the progress of the
discussions between the companies regarding a potential business
combination.

At several meetings in January and
February 2002, ONI Systems executives met with
representatives of Goldman Sachs to discuss potential strategic
combinations. ONI Systems management and representatives
of Goldman Sachs considered additional companies that could
potentially be interested in pursuing a business combination or
other strategic transaction with ONI Systems. They also
considered these companies business strategies, market
valuations and financial abilities to pursue and consummate such
a transaction. As a result of this analysis, representatives of
Goldman Sachs contacted the companies that the board had
determined would likely be interested in evaluating a potential
business combination or other strategic transaction with ONI
Systems (including CIENA and two other Nasdaq-listed
telecommunications equipment companies, Company A and
Company B).

On January 24, 2002, at its regularly
scheduled meeting, the ONI Systems board of directors met with
representatives of its outside legal counsel, Fenwick & West
LLP, and discussed the potential combination with CIENA among
other matters. During this discussion it was proposed that ONI
Systems engage Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor.
Mr. Page presented the material terms of the engagement of
Goldman Sachs, which were approved by the board. Representatives
of Goldman Sachs joined the meeting, and, with its advisors, the
board conducted an extensive discussion of the potential
transaction with CIENA and other parties potentially interested
in pursuing a strategic transaction with ONI Systems, including
Company A and Company B. Representatives of Goldman
Sachs presented a detailed initial analysis of a potential
combination with CIENA, as well as analyses regarding potential
combinations with other companies, including Company A,
Company B and Company C, a NYSE-listed
telecommunications equipment company and major issues associated
with business combinations. The Goldman Sachs representatives
left the meeting and the board further discussed the possibility
of a business combination at length. The board directed ONI
Systems management to obtain additional information on
various subjects, including synergies, product roadmap and other
matters.

On January 25, 2002, Messrs. Smith and
Finch met with Messrs. Martin, Sharma and Page at a hotel
in McLean, Virginia, to discuss potential terms of a business
combination. The CIENA executives gave a presentation of
CIENAs customers, business outlook and organization.

On January 26 and 27, 2002,
Messrs. Smith and Martin had further telephone
conversations about the potential terms of a business
combination.

Also on January 26, 2002, a representative
of Goldman Sachs contacted a representative of Company A
regarding a potential strategic relationship.



On January 28, 2002, the ONI Systems board
of directors held a meeting by teleconference to receive an
update from management regarding the status and substance of the
discussions with CIENA and other possible business combinations
or strategic relationships. Mr. Martin led a detailed
discussion regarding managements initial due diligence of
CIENA including CIENAs financial outlook, product lines
and key accounts. Mr. Martin then updated the board on the
current negotiations regarding the valuation and the role of ONI
Systems management in the combined entity. Mr. Martin
then described the status of discussions with other possible
acquisition partners, including Company A. The board
actively discussed the CIENA transaction and other possibilities
at length, including the need for additional due diligence
investigation. The board instructed management to conduct
additional diligence on CIENA and authorized management and its
advisors to continue discussions with CIENA, while also
continuing to explore alternatives, including the possibility of
a transaction with Company A.

On January 29, 2002, CIENA and ONI Systems
entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement regarding
discussions in connection with a potential combination, which
superseded a prior general non-disclosure agreement between the
companies dated January 14, 2002.

From late January 2002 through
February 17, 2002, representatives of CIENA and its
advisors performed a detailed review of ONI Systems
business operations, affairs and prospects. ONI Systems
management made presentations to these representatives and
advisors regarding ONI Systems business and finances, and
these representatives and advisors reviewed ONI Systems
legal and business documents.

From late January 2002 through
February 17, 2002, representatives of ONI Systems and its
advisors performed a detailed review of CIENAs business
operations, affairs and prospects. CIENA management made
presentations to these representatives and advisors regarding
CIENAs business and finances, and these representatives
and advisors reviewed CIENAs legal and business documents.

On January 29, 30 and 31, 2002, a CIENA due
diligence team conducted a series of meetings with ONI
Systems representatives at the offices of Fenwick &
West in Palo Alto, California and at a nearby hotel. CIENA
representatives at those meetings included Messrs. Finch,
Chinnici, Chaddick and Livas, Jesus Leon, CIENAs Senior
Vice President, Metro Transport and Metro Switching Divisions,
and Dawn DiRocco, CIENAs Senior Director, Global Financial
Operations and Assistant Controller. CIENAs financial
advisors from Morgan Stanley, accounting advisors from
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and legal advisors from Hogan &
Hartson L.L.P. were also present at one or more of those
meetings. ONI Systems representatives at those meetings included
Messrs. Martin, Sharma, Cumpston, Page and Mitalas, David
Lam, Senior Manager of Business Development, Michael Dillon,
Vice President and General Counsel, George Reyes, Interim Chief
Financial Officer, Lisa Blos-Johnson, Vice President, Human
Resources, Stewart Grierson, Corporate Controller, Robert
Jandro, Executive Vice President, Global Sales and Services, Ken
Burckhardt, former Vice President, Finance and Interim Chief
Financial Officer, Peter Evans, Senior Vice President, Product
Marketing, Martin Desroches, Vice President, Operations, Jalal
Habelrih, Vice President, Switching Product Development, and
Robert Schlossman, Senior Counsel. ONI Systems financial
advisors from Goldman Sachs and legal advisors from Fenwick
& West were also present at one or more of those meetings.
At these meetings CIENA and ONI Systems presented information on
various topics, including human resources, manufacturing,
procurement, sales, taxes, technology, operations, business
outlook and potential field synergies.

On January 30, 2002, CIENA directed Hogan
& Hartson to send to ONI Systems and Fenwick & West a
first draft of a definitive merger agreement and related
agreements.

Also on January 30, 2002, Company A
contacted ONI Systems about continuing discussions regarding a
potential business combination or other strategic relationship.
Following this discussion, Messrs. Martin and Sharma met
with executives of Company A in Denver regarding a
potential business combination between ONI Systems and
Company A.

On January 31, 2002, the ONI Systems board
of directors held a meeting by teleconference to receive an
update from management regarding the status and substance of the
discussions with CIENA and Company A. A representative of
Fenwick & West reviewed the significant terms of the proposed



Agreement and Plan of Merger between CIENA and
ONI Systems. Mr. Martin led a discussion about the proposed
transaction with CIENA and the possibility of a transaction with
Company A. Mr. Martin then described the proposed
approach to due diligence regarding CIENA. After lengthy
discussion the board directed management to proceed with their
due diligence efforts and to pursue active negotiations of the
merger agreement and ancillary agreements.

Also on February 1, 2002, the CIENA due
diligence team and representatives from Morgan Stanley made an
informal presentation regarding the proposed transaction to the
CIENA board of directors. On the same date, an ONI Systems due
diligence team held due diligence meetings with CIENA
representatives at the offices of Hogan & Hartson in
Baltimore, Maryland to continue ONI Systems due diligence
investigation regarding CIENAs business, operations, sales
pipeline and finances. ONI Systems representatives
included Messrs. Martin, Cumpston, Burckhardt, Evans, Page,
Dillon, Reyes and Lam. Investment banking advisors from Goldman
Sachs, on behalf of ONI Systems, were also present. CIENA
representatives at one or more of those meetings included
Messrs. Smith, Chinnici and Finch, and Michael McCarthy,
Senior Vice President Worldwide Sales and Support, Mark
Cummings, Senior Vice President Operations, Rebecca Seidman,
Senior Vice President Human Resources, Phil Moser, Vice
President Sales Operations, Lynn Moore, Vice President
Compensation and Acquisition Strategy, Russell B.
Stevenson, Jr., Senior Vice President and General Counsel,
Andrew C. Petrik, Vice President, Controller and Treasurer
and Stephen Kaye, Vice President Corporate Development, as well
as representatives from Morgan Stanley.

On February 3, 2002, Mr. Smith
contacted Mr. Martin by telephone and discussed certain
financial information with respect to CIENA and agreed to
suspend further negotiations.

On February 4, 2002, ONI Systems and
Company A entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement.
ONI Systems management began its due diligence investigation of
Company A, including Company As business and
finances, and began providing similar due diligence information
to representatives of Company A.

On February 5, 2002, CIENA publicly
announced its anticipated first quarter 2002 earnings.

On February 6, 2002, the ONI Systems board
of directors held a meeting by teleconference to receive an
update from management regarding the status and substance of the
discussions with CIENA and Company A. Mr. Martin
reviewed information resulting from ONI Systems due
diligence efforts and described the agenda for a planned meeting
with Mr. Smith. After a lengthy discussion the board
directed management to continue their due diligence efforts and
to pursue active negotiations of the merger agreement and
ancillary agreements.

Also on February 6, 2002, the parties
determined to resume active negotiations and ONI Systems caused
Fenwick & West to send to CIENA comments on the draft of the
merger agreement and ancillary agreements on behalf of ONI
Systems.

On February 8, 2002, representatives of ONI
Systems management met with representatives of
Company A at a conference center in San Jose to continue
due diligence investigations, including engineering, research
and development, product roadmaps and market outlook. Later that
day, the representatives of ONI Systems management and the
representatives of Company A met at ONI Systems
offices and the representatives of Company A were given a
tour of ONI Systems manufacturing and engineering
facilities.

At a meeting on February 8, 2002, the ONI
Systems board of directors discussed the status of Goldman
Sachs contacts with the parties potentially interested in
pursuing a strategic transaction. Mr. Martin presented the
board with a detailed update of its plans for the due diligence
meetings scheduled for February 9 and 10, 2002 and its
investigations of CIENA including a review of CIENAs
customers and revenue forecasts. Mr. Cumpston then reviewed
the results of his recent meetings with engineering
representatives of Company A and Mr. Martin updated
the board on current discussions with Company A. The board
discussed the proposed strategy for negotiations with CIENA and
further due



diligence with Company A. The board
instructed management to continue its due diligence
investigations and requested additional information about
CIENAs revenue forecasts and customers.

On February 9 and 10, 2002, CIENA and ONI Systems
and their financial and legal advisors attended due diligence
meetings in Palo Alto.

Also on February 9 and 10, 2002,
representatives of ONI Systems and Company A conducted
detailed technical due diligence of the each others
products and technologies.

During the week of February 11, 2002,
representatives of CIENA and ONI Systems and their respective
legal advisors continued to negotiate the merger agreement and
ancillary agreements.

On February 11 and 12, 2002, a
representative of Goldman Sachs spoke with a representative of
Company As financial advisor regarding the potential
timing of, and additional due diligence required for, a specific
proposal from Company A.

On February 14, 2002, CIENA provided
Messrs. Cumpston and Sharma with drafts of employment
agreements. These agreements were negotiated over the next three
days.

On February 15, 2002, the CIENA board of
directors held a meeting by teleconference, at which
CIENAs senior management team presented the proposed terms
of the merger. Representatives of Hogan & Hartson
L.L.P. also participated in the meeting. The board also reviewed
a presentation by Morgan Stanley on the financial terms of the
proposed merger, and Morgan Stanley delivered its opinion,
subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of February 15,
2002, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was
fair to CIENA from a financial point of view. At the conclusion
of the meeting, the CIENA board approved the terms of the merger
and authorized management to complete and execute the merger
agreement and related agreements.

Also on February 15, 2002, in the early
afternoon, the ONI Systems board of directors held a special
meeting with ONI Systems management and representatives of
Fenwick & West and Goldman Sachs to discuss the CIENA
transaction. Mr. Martin presented a detailed summary of the
strategic rationale for the merger, an overview of the key
transaction terms and the employment agreements to be entered by
Messrs. Cumpston and Sharma. In addition, several members
of ONI Systems management team presented detailed
discussions of the due diligence of CIENA conducted by ONI
Systems, including product fit and positioning of CIENA and ONI
Systems, CIENAs financial and accounting condition,
synergies that may be realized by combining CIENA and ONI
Systems, CIENAs sales pipeline, CIENAs research and
development, CIENAs operations, legal matters regarding
CIENA, including those associated with CIENAs intellectual
property, customer contracts, significant licenses and
outstanding litigation, and CIENAs human resources
function and policies. Representatives of Goldman Sachs made a
detailed presentation to the board and stated that Goldman Sachs
was prepared to proffer its opinion that, as of such date, the
exchange ratio is fair to the stockholders of ONI Systems from a
financial point of view. Representatives of Fenwick & West
led a detailed discussion of the terms of the proposed merger,
the proposed merger agreement and the related agreements,
including the proposed stockholder and affiliate agreements, the
terms of the non-solicitation covenants, the proposed employment
agreements, the termination sections and the consequences of
termination and the fiduciary duties of the ONI Systems
board with respect to the proposed transaction. The board
continued its discussion of the proposed merger and the risks
associated therewith. The ONI Systems board of directors
considered the possibility of other potential transactions,
including a combination with Company A. The board noted
that no specific alternative proposal had been forthcoming from
Company A, that no other company had indicated substantial
interest in a strategic relationship, and that Company A
had indicated that a lengthy additional due diligence
investigation by Company A would be required before
Company A would consider whether to make a specific
proposal, and weighed these factors against the relative
certainty associated with the CIENA negotiations, which had
proceeded further to date. The possibility of an alternative
transaction with Company A or another company was further
weighed against the possibility that CIENA might have been
unwilling to proceed on the terms then under discussion if ONI
Systems continued to engage in discussions with Company A
or others. The ONI Systems board also considered that a
definitive



merger agreement with CIENA would contain
provisions allowing ONI Systems to consider and respond to
future unsolicited proposals from Company A or any other
party if the ONI Systems board made a finding that it was
required to do so to comply with its fiduciary duties to its
stockholders, subject to the payment to CIENA of a
$36.7 million merger termination fee plus up to
$2 million of expenses and other provisions. The board then
agreed to meet again later that evening to continue its
consideration of the proposed merger.

In the evening on February 15, 2002, the ONI
Systems board held an additional special meeting by
teleconference with representatives of Fenwick & West and
Goldman Sachs to discuss the CIENA transaction, including
additional discussion of the proposed employment agreements for
Messrs. Cumpston and Sharma and a presentation regarding
the principal terms of a consulting agreement to be entered by
Mr. Martin. The board had a further discussion of the terms
and conditions, and advisability of, the proposed merger.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs proffered Goldman Sachs
opinion that, as of such date, the exchange ratio was fair to
the stockholders of ONI Systems from a financial point of view.
At the conclusion of the meeting, the board approved the merger,
merger agreement and related agreements.

On February 16, 2002, CIENA provided
Mr. Martin with a draft consulting agreement, which was
negotiated on February 16 and 17, 2002.

On February 16 and 17, 2002, representatives
of CIENA and ONI Systems finalized the merger agreement and
ancillary agreements. In addition, representatives of CIENA and
each of Messrs. Martin, Cumpston and Sharma negotiated and
finalized the employment and consulting agreements. In addition,
Messrs. Smith and Martin had several discussions regarding
organizational issues in connection with the merger. The merger
agreement and related documents were executed on the evening of
February 17, 2002.

On February 18, 2002, CIENA and ONI Systems
issued a joint press release announcing the signing of the
merger agreement.

On the evening of February 20, 2002,
Mr. Smith called Mr. Martin and informed him that due
to information recently received by CIENA, it had revised
downward its revenue outlook for the fiscal second quarter of
2002. On February 21, 2002, CIENA publicly announced its
financial results for the fiscal first quarter of 2002 and its
revised revenue outlook for the fiscal second quarter of 2002.

On February 22, 2002, representatives of ONI
Systems and a representative of Goldman Sachs, met in
CIENAs offices with representatives of CIENA to review and
discuss CIENAs revised revenue outlook. During the evening
of February 22, 2002, the ONI Systems board of directors
met to discuss the merger and CIENAs revised revenue
outlook. Mr. Reyes, Mr. Page and a representative of
Goldman Sachs presented a report on the results of their inquiry
and discussions with CIENA earlier that day. The board discussed
these events, and, in consultation with ONI Systems
financial and legal advisors, considered the impact of these
developments on the merger. The board requested that additional
information be obtained.

From February 22, 2002 through
March 15, 2002, representatives of ONI Systems and CIENA
and their financial advisors held numerous meetings and
discussions regarding the merger and exchanged additional
information concerning each partys revenue outlook, other
financial information and customer relationships.

On February 27, 2002, the ONI Systems board
of directors met to discuss further the merger with CIENA and
the results of managements review and discussions with
CIENA. The board, in consultation with Fenwick & West,
discussed the additional information obtained and instructed
management to obtain additional information.

On March 5 and 11, 2002, the ONI Systems board of
directors met to discuss further the merger and the business
outlook of both companies. A representative of Goldman Sachs
reviewed recent industry events and trends and presented certain
preliminary financial analyses based on updated information. The
board consulted further with representatives of Goldman Sachs
and Fenwick & West and instructed management to continue its
review.



On March 13, 2002, Mr. Martin informed
Mr. Smith that due to recent information received from its
customers, ONI Systems was considering revising downward its
revenue outlook for its fiscal first quarter. Representatives of
CIENA discussed this information internally and with its
financial and legal advisors, in the context of the information
on revenue outlook that CIENA had been provided by ONI Systems
at the meetings between representatives of the companies since
February 15, 2002.

On March 15, 2002, the ONI Systems board of
directors held a meeting to discuss the filing of the ONI
Systems annual report and the results of managements
further inquiry. The board considered, and consulted further
with representatives of Fenwick & West regarding, the
fiduciary duties of the ONI Systems board with respect to the
merger.

On March 18, 2002, ONI Systems publicly
announced its revised financial outlook for the first quarter of
2002.

On March 18, 2002, CIENAs board of
directors met and discussed, among other things, the merger and
ONI Systems revised first quarter revenue outlook as
announced by ONI Systems earlier in that day.

Also on March 18, 2002, the ONI Systems
board of directors met. Mr. Martin gave a presentation of each
companys financial outlook. At the request of the ONI
Systems board of directors, representatives of Goldman Sachs
presented a detailed financial analysis and proffered Goldman
Sachs opinion that as of March 18, 2002, the exchange
ratio of 0.7104 shares of CIENA common stock per share of ONI
Systems common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair
to the stockholders of ONI Systems from a financial point of
view. Representatives of Fenwick & West led a discussion of,
and the board considered, the merger and the fiduciary duties of
the ONI Systems board with respect to the transaction. After
consideration of the benefits and risks of the merger at the
conclusion of the meeting, the board reaffirmed its
recommendation to stockholders and authorized the solicitation
of stockholder approval.

Recommendation of CIENAs Board of
Directors and Reasons for the Merger

Strategic
Fit

CIENA believes that a combination of CIENA, a
leader in next-generation core optical networking equipment, and
ONI Systems, a leader in next-generation metropolitan optical
networking equipment, will result in one of the leading optical
networking equipment companies in the world. ONI Systems
currently possesses one of the leading products in the
next-generation metropolitan DWDM space, which will complement
and strengthen CIENAs existing product line. CIENA
believes that with an advanced, comprehensive and best-in-breed
product portfolio extending from the core to the edges of the
converged network, the combined company will be in a better
position to further drive down the cost of operations for its
customers and to execute on CIENAs LightWorks
initiative, providing an end-to-end intelligent optical
architecture that provides customers with scalability,
interoperability, provisioning and protection flexibility and
reliability. In particular, CIENA believes that the following
benefits will result from the merger:

 

Product
	Compatibility.
 CIENA believes that
	ONI Systems product portfolio is compatible with
	CIENAs existing CoreDirector (core optical switch)
	and MetroDirector K2 (metropolitan optical switch)
	products, and ONI Systems ONLINE products can be used to
	transport signals from and to feed signals into both of these
	products. ONI Systems ONLINE product family enhances
	CIENAs current metropolitan product offerings, and extends
	CIENAs ability to offer data-oriented services. In
	addition, ONI Systems ONWAVE traffic aggregation
	capability (SONET, Storage Area Networks and Gigabit Ethernet)
	is compatible with the switching capabilities of CoreDirector
	and MetroDirector, and can act as a front end for feeding
	traffic to both switches and allow CIENA to extend its service
	delivery capability closer to the edge of the network. Further,
	with appropriate modifications, the ONLINE products will
	integrate into LightWorks as the vehicle for metropolitan
	optical transport (ONLINE

and ONLINE

) as a
	low cost access device to feed CoreDirector and MetroDirector.



 

Customer
	Relationships.
 CIENA believes that
	ONI Systems has developed valuable relationships with regional
	bell operating companies and other domestic and international
	incumbent carriers. CIENA believes that these relationships will
	enhance CIENAs ability to compete for business from RBOCs
	and complement CIENAs existing sales and distribution
	channels. In addition, the merger with ONI Systems will expand
	CIENAs existing customer base, bringing up to 20 new
	customer relationships to CIENA. Conversely, CIENA believes it
	will be able to leverage its existing sales channels and
	customer relationships to offer the ONI Systems product to a
	wider range of customers than ONI Systems currently reaches.

 

Stronger
	Platform.
 CIENA believes that the
	proposed merger will provide CIENA with a larger addressable
	metropolitan customer base and a stronger presence with
	incumbent carriers. CIENA believes there is significant
	potential to acquire customers interested in a more
	comprehensive, end-to-end intelligent optical
	networking solution that would be made possible by the
	merger combination and the expanded product portfolio. In
	addition, CIENA believes that, based on the needs of each of
	CIENAs and ONI Systems customer base, there will be
	substantial cross selling opportunities to both sets of
	customers.

Additional
Reasons for the Merger

The strategic fit with ONI Systems represents the
principal rationale for the merger. However, the following
factors, each of which CIENA took into account in evaluating the
proposed merger, also support this rationale and enhance the
likelihood of achieving the full potential of the combination:

 

Operating Expense
	Savings.
 It is expected that the
	proposed merger will result in annualized operating expense
	savings of approximately $55 million to $65 million. These
	savings will primarily be derived from the elimination of
	duplicative infrastructures and the ability to take advantage of
	economies of scale. Additional savings may be possible through
	increased manufacturing efficiencies.

 

Cultural
	Vision.
 CIENA and ONI Systems
	share a common heritage as entrepreneurial startups as well as
	complementary visions of distributed network
	intelligence. Both companies have established reputations
	for being flexible, innovative, agile and customer-focused.
	CIENA believes that this could result in fewer integration
	challenges than would be expected for organizations with
	dissimilar cultural values.

 

World Class Engineering
	Teams.
 CIENA believes that ONI
	Systems engineering team is world class in quality, and
	would add significantly to CIENAs ability to continue to
	innovate and rapidly bring new products to market.

In reaching the decision to approve the merger
with ONI Systems, the CIENA board of directors also considered,
in addition to other matters, the following factors that may be
relevant to ONI Systems stockholders:

 

The effect on CIENA stockholder value of the
	pending ONI Systems merger, in light of the financial condition
	and prospects of CIENA and the current economic and industry
	environment. In particular, the CIENA board of directors
	discussed the near-term earnings dilution represented by the
	price being paid for ONI Systems, and contrasted that dilution
	with the substantial expansion of the addressable opportunities
	and customers enabled by the merger.

 

The execution risks facing CIENA, in that if the
	integration of the businesses and management teams of CIENA and
	ONI Systems does not proceed as planned, the desired synergies
	would not be achieved, and the execution risk would not be
	overcome.

 

CIENAs board of directors discussed the
	risks of retaining the key personnel of ONI Systems in view of
	the price being paid for the company and the liquidity potential
	available to the two companies employees, and contrasted
	those risks with the efforts planned for integrating the
	companies.



 

The business risks associated with increased
	competition in the telecommunications equipment supply industry,
	and the likelihood of vigorous competitive response to the
	merger.

 

The terms and conditions of the merger agreement,
	including the conditions to closing.

In addition, the CIENA board of directors
received advice from Morgan Stanley, its financial advisor, as
to the financial aspects of the proposed merger, and received an
opinion from Morgan Stanley that, as of February 15, 2002,
the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair
from a financial point of view to CIENA.

In view of the variety of factors considered in
connection with its evaluation of the merger, the CIENA board of
directors did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weights
to the factors considered in reaching its conclusions. In
addition, individual members of the CIENA board of directors may
have given different weights to different factors. However, on
an overall basis, the CIENA board of directors concluded that
the factors favoring the merger outweigh the countervailing
factors.

For the strategic reasons set forth above, after
consultation with CIENAs senior management and its
advisors, and consideration of the terms and conditions of the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, the CIENA board of directors determined that the
merger agreement and the merger are in the best interests of
CIENA and its stockholders.

Recommendation of the ONI Systems Board
of Directors and Reasons for the Merger

The ONI Systems board of directors believes that
the combination of CIENA and ONI Systems will create a strong
company that for the first time is able to offer
telecommunications and data communications service providers
end-to-end and best-of-breed solutions. Combining the
complementary product sets and development efforts of CIENA and
ONI Systems would create a stronger competitor that is able to
accelerate the deployment of next-generation optical networking
equipment.

In reaching the conclusion that the combination
of CIENA and ONI Systems is in the best interests of ONI Systems
and its stockholders, the board of directors of ONI Systems
consulted with senior members of ONI Systems management team
regarding the strategic and operational aspects of the merger
and the results of the due diligence efforts undertaken by
management. In addition, throughout the period in which it was
engaged in active deliberations concerning the merger, the board
of directors sought and received financial advice from Goldman
Sachs concerning, among other things, strategic alternatives
available to ONI Systems, the financial implications of such
alternatives and the merger, and certain financial analyses that
Goldman Sachs prepared. The board of directors also sought and
received Goldman Sachs opinions as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to ONI Systems stockholders of
the proposed exchange ratio, which opinions were confirmed in
writing and are described below under The
Merger  Opinion of ONI Systems Financial
Advisor. The board of directors of ONI Systems also
consulted with ONI Systems internal counsel and with
representatives of Fenwick & West LLP, outside counsel to
ONI Systems, regarding the duties of the members of the board of
directors, legal due diligence matters and the terms of the
merger agreement and related agreements.

In considering the information provided by senior
members of ONI Systems management team, representatives of
Goldman Sachs and representatives of Fenwick & West LLP, in
analyzing the terms of the merger agreement, and in coming to
its endorsement of the merger and its determinations to
recommend approval and adoption of the merger agreement to ONI
Systems stockholders, the board of directors considered
several potential benefits of the merger, including:

 

the opportunity to create a world-class optical
	networking company with best-of-breed end-to-end solutions at a
	time when telecommunications equipment providers are challenged
	by internal turmoil and difficult market conditions;

 

the potential to create a combined company with
	the resources to serve the needs of communications service
	providers for next-generation optical networking products;



 

the complementary nature of the technologies and
	products of CIENA and ONI Systems, combining ONI Systems
	dynamic optical architecture and leading metropolitan wave
	division multiplexing network products with CIENAs leading
	product family, which would be particularly strengthened in the
	area of metropolitan networks;

 

the opportunity to combine ONI Systems and
	CIENAs sales forces, combining ONI Systems current
	customer momentum with CIENAs established product family
	to put the combined company in a stronger position to compete
	for product sales to communication service providers as their
	activity in building out communications network resumes and
	spending on optical networking equipment rebounds;

 

combining the complementary strengths of
	CIENAs and ONI Systems management and technical
	teams to create a technical team with increased depth and
	breadth of knowledge of the communications equipment industry
	and a management team with more business experience than either
	company has alone;

 

the potential to accelerate the time to
	profitability of the combined company to a point that would be
	earlier than that for either company independently, as a result
	of a stronger product offering, potential revenue synergies,
	including cross-selling opportunities, increased operating
	efficiencies, including the opportunity to improve availability
	and reduce costs through volume purchases and to extend the use
	of contract manufacturing, elimination of administrative
	inefficiencies, combined development efforts, and more efficient
	utilization of high cost in-house manufacturing capabilities and
	excess capacity; and

 

the prospect of an improved competitive and
	market position of the combined company, which would offer a
	broad, integrated product suite providing customers with an
	end-to-end transport and switching solution.

In the course of its deliberations, the ONI
Systems board of directors reviewed a number of factors relevant
to the merger in consultation with ONI Systems management
and outside legal counsel and financial advisors, including the
strategic overview for ONI Systems and interests of some ONI
Systems officers and directors in the merger that differ from
those of ONI Systems stockholders generally. The ONI Systems
board of directors also considered the following factors, among
others, in connection with its review and analysis of the merger
and its determinations to recommend approval and adoption of the
merger agreement to ONI Systems stockholders:

 

historical information concerning CIENAs
	and ONI Systems respective businesses, results of
	operations and financial condition, technology, management and
	competitive position as well as publicly available information
	of CIENA and ONI Systems;

 

ONI Systems managements view as to
	the businesses, results of operations and financial condition,
	technology, management and competitive position of CIENA and ONI
	Systems, both with and without giving effect to the merger,
	based on due diligence and publicly available earnings
	estimates, including the companies anticipated expense
	reductions;

 

certain projections of the financial benefits of
	the merger, including potential cost savings and costs
	anticipated prior to and resulting from the merger prepared by
	ONI Systems management based on due diligence;

 

CIENAs pre-announcement of its anticipated
	financial condition and results of operations for its first
	quarter of 2002;

 

the substantial charges and costs to be incurred
	in connection with the merger, including the costs of
	integrating the businesses and transaction expenses arising from
	the merger;

 

current financial market conditions and
	historical market prices, volatility and trading information
	with respect to CIENA common stock and ONI Systems common stock;



 

possible alternative means of achieving the
	anticipated benefits of the merger, including the possibility of
	a combination with another company and possible strategic
	alliances that would not involve a combination, and internal
	development of new products, as well as the feasibility of these
	alternatives, their potential timing and resource requirements;

 

the ability of ONI Systems board of
	directors, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties in accordance
	with the merger agreement, to authorize ONI Systems
	management to provide information to, engage in negotiations
	with, and potentially enter into a transaction with another
	party as described under The Merger Agreement 
	No Solicitation by ONI Systems;

 

the limited conditions to CIENAs obligation
	to close the merger;

 

the expectation that the merger will qualify as a
	tax-free reorganization;

 

the premium that the merger would provide ONI
	Systems stockholders over the market price for their ONI Systems
	common stock immediately prior to the announcement to the merger
	and the premium that would be provided at various market prices
	for CIENA common stock;

 

the exchange ratio set forth in the merger
	agreement and the percentage ownership of the combined company
	to be owned by ONI Systems stockholders;

 

the financial analysis and opinion of Goldman
	Sachs proferred on February 15, 2002 to the effect that, as
	of that date and subject to and based on the considerations
	described in its opinion, the exchange ratio was fair from a
	financial point of view to holders of ONI Systems common stock;

 

reports from management, legal advisors and
	financial advisors about the results of their investigation of
	CIENA; and

 

the financial analysis and opinion of Goldman
	Sachs proffered on March 18, 2002 to the effect that, as of
	that date and subject to and based on the considerations
	described in its opinion, the exchange ratio was fair from a
	financial point of view to holders of ONI Systems common stock.

The ONI Systems board of directors also
considered a number of potential risks in its deliberations
concerning the merger and its determinations to recommend
approval and adoption of the merger agreement to the ONI
Systems stockholders, including:

 

the risks that the benefits, including expected
	synergies and cost savings, sought to be achieved by the merger
	would not be realized;

 

the uncertain current and prospective market
	environment for CIENAs and ONI Systems products;

 

the risk that CIENA and ONI Systems will not be
	able to integrate their respective products, technology and
	geographically dispersed organizations and other challenges
	related to the integration of the companies;

 

the risks that because the exchange ratio is
	fixed and will not be adjusted for changes in the market prices
	of either CIENA common stock or ONI Systems common stock, the
	per share value of the consideration to be received by ONI
	Systems stockholders might be less than the price per share
	implied by the exchange ratio immediately prior to the
	announcement of the merger;

 

the risk that the merger might not be consummated;

 

the risk that the merger and the announcement of
	the merger agreement could adversely affect CIENAs or ONI
	Systems relationships with current and potential customers;

 

the possibility of management and employee
	disruption associated with the merger and integrating the
	operations of the companies, and the risk that, despite the
	efforts of the combined company, key personnel of ONI Systems
	might not continue with the combined company; and

 

other risks relating to the operations of the
	combined company and the merger, including those risks described
	in Risk Factors.



In addition, ONI Systems board of directors
considered the interests that its officers and directors may
have with respect to the merger in addition to their interests
as ONI Systems stockholders. See  Interests of
Executive Officers and Directors in the Merger for a more
complete discussion of these interests.

The discussion of the information and factors
considered by ONI Systems board of directors is not
intended to be exhaustive. In view of the variety of factors
considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger, ONI
Systems board of directors did not find it practicable to,
and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the
specific factors considered in reaching its determination. In
addition, ONI Systems board of directors did not undertake
to make any specific determination as to whether any particular
factor was favorable or unfavorable to its ultimate
determination. Rather, ONI Systems board of directors
conducted an overall analysis of the factors described above,
including through discussions with and questioning of ONI
Systems management and managements analysis of the
proposed merger, based on information received from ONI
Systems legal, financial and accounting advisors. In
considering the factors described above, individual members of
ONI Systems board of directors may have given different
weight to different factors. ONI Systems board of
directors concluded that, on balance, the potential benefits to
ONI Systems and its stockholders of the merger outweighed the
risks associated with the merger.

Opinion of CIENAs Financial
Advisor

Under an engagement letter dated January 21,
2002, CIENA formally retained Morgan Stanley to provide it with
certain financial advisory services in connection with the
merger. Morgan Stanley was selected by CIENA based on Morgan
Stanleys qualifications, expertise, reputation and its
knowledge of the business and affairs of CIENA. At a meeting of
CIENAs board of directors on February 15, 2002,
Morgan Stanley rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed
in writing, that as of February 15, 2002, based upon and
subject to the various considerations set forth in the opinion,
the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair
from a financial point of view to CIENA.

The full text of the written opinion of Morgan
Stanley, dated February 15, 2002, is attached as Annex D to
this document. The opinion sets forth, among other things, the
assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters

considered and limitations
on the scope of the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley in
rendering its opinion. We urge you to read the entire opinion
carefully. Morgan Stanleys opinion is directed to
CIENAs board of directors and addresses only the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio pursuant
to the merger agreement to CIENA as of the date of the opinion.
It does not address any other aspect of the merger and does not
address the prices at which ONI Systems common stock or CIENA
common stock will trade following the consummation of the
merger, nor does it constitute a recommendation to any holder of
CIENA common stock as to how to vote at CIENAs special
meeting. The summary of the opinion of Morgan Stanley set forth
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of its opinion.

In rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among
other things:

(i) reviewed certain publicly available
	financial statements and other business and financial
	information of ONI Systems and CIENA;

(ii) discussed certain internal financial
	statements and other financial and operating data concerning ONI
	Systems prepared by the managements of ONI Systems and CIENA,
	respectively;

(iii) discussed certain financial forecasts,
	prepared by the managements of ONI Systems and CIENA,
	respectively;



(iv) reviewed information relating to
	certain strategic, financial and operational benefits
	anticipated from the merger, prepared by the managements of ONI
	Systems and CIENA, respectively;

(v) discussed the past and current
	operations and financial condition and the prospects of ONI
	Systems, including information relating to certain strategic,
	financial, and operational benefits anticipated from the Merger,
	with senior executives of ONI Systems and CIENA, respectively;

(vi) reviewed the pro forma impact of the
	merger on CIENAs earnings per share, consolidated
	capitalization and financial ratios;

(vii) reviewed the reported prices and
	trading activity for ONI Systems common stock and CIENA common
	stock;

(viii) compared the financial performance of
	ONI Systems and the prices and trading activity of ONI Systems
	common stock and CIENA common stock with that of certain other
	publicly-traded companies comparable with ONI Systems and CIENA,
	respectively, and their securities;

(ix) reviewed the financial terms, to the
	extent publicly available, of certain comparable acquisition
	transactions;

(x) participated in discussions and
	negotiations among representatives of ONI Systems and CIENA and
	their financial and legal advisors;

(xi) reviewed the merger agreement and
	certain related documents; and

(xii) considered such other factors and
	performed such other analyses as Morgan Stanley has deemed
	appropriate.

In rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley assumed
and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy
and completeness of the information reviewed by it for the
purposes of its opinion. With respect to the financial
forecasts, including information relating to certain strategic,
financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger,
Morgan Stanley assumed that they were reasonably prepared on
bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the future financial performance and prospects of
ONI Systems. Morgan Stanley relied upon the assessment by the
managements of ONI Systems and CIENA of their ability to retain
key employees. Morgan Stanley also relied upon, without
independent verification, the assessment by the managements of
ONI Systems and CIENA as to their respective technologies and
products, the timing and risks associated with the integration
of ONI Systems and CIENA, and the validity of, and risks
associated with, ONI Systems and CIENAs existing and
future products and technologies.

In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed that the
merger will be consummated in accordance with the terms set
forth in the merger agreement. Morgan Stanley did not make any
independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities
of ONI Systems, nor was it furnished with any such appraisals.
Morgan Stanleys opinion is necessarily based on the
financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect
on, and the information made available to it as of
February 15, 2002.

The following is a brief summary of certain
financial analyses performed by Morgan Stanley in connection
with its opinion dated February 15, 2002. These summaries
of financial analyses include information presented in tabular
format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses used
by Morgan Stanley, the tables must be read together with the
text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a
complete description of the financial analyses.

Contribution
Analysis.
 Morgan Stanley analyzed the
relative contribution of CIENA and ONI Systems to historical and
estimated revenues and gross profit of the combined company for
fiscal years 2002 and 2003 based on publicly available research
estimates for CIENA and ONI Systems. Morgan Stanleys
contribution analysis assumed no synergies. Morgan Stanley
adjusted the contribution



percentages for the capital structures of each
company in order to determine the implied pro forma ownership
for ONI Systems and CIENA, respectively. The range of results is
set forth below:

% Contribution

ONI Systems

CIENA

Revenues

Last Quarter

23.7

%

76.3

%

FY2002E

23.9

76.1

FY2003E

23.1

76.9

Gross Profit

Last Quarter

35.9

%

64.1

%

FY2002E

33.4

66.6

FY2003E

23.6

76.4

Morgan Stanley noted that the pro forma ownership
of the combined company implied by the exchange ratio set forth
in the merger agreement would be 24.0% for ONI Systems and 76%
for CIENA.

Comparable Company
Analysis.
 Morgan Stanley compared
selected financial information for ONI Systems and CIENA with
publicly available information for comparable networking
equipment companies. Based upon publicly available calendar year
2002 projected revenue estimates of certain securities research
analysts and using the closing prices as of February 15,
2002, Morgan Stanley calculated, for each of these companies,
the multiple of aggregate value to projected calendar year 2002
revenue estimates. The following table shows the results of
these calculations:

Aggregate Value/

CY2002E

Revenues

CIENA

3.1

x

ONI Systems

2.6

Alcatel

1.0

Avici

(2.0

)

Corvis

(2.3

)

Extreme

2.2

Foundry

1.7

Lucent

1.3

Marconi

1.1

Nortel

1.5

Redback

4.5

Riverstone

3.1

Siemens

0.7

Sycamore

(0.3

)

Tellabs

2.1

Tellium

0.2

Morgan Stanley noted that the multiple of
aggregate value to projected calendar year 2002 revenue
estimates implied by the exchange ratio set forth in the merger
agreement would be 3.1x.

No company included in the comparable company
analyses is identical to CIENA or ONI Systems. In evaluating the
comparable companies, Morgan Stanley made judgements and
assumptions with regard to industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions and other
matters.



Many of these matters are beyond the control of
CIENA or ONI Systems, such as the impact of competition on the
business of CIENA or ONI Systems and the industry in general,
industry growth and the absence of any material adverse change
in the financial condition and prospects of CIENA or ONI Systems
or the industry or in the financial markets in general.
Mathematical analysis, such as determining the average or
median, or the high or low, is not in itself a meaningful method
of using comparable company data.

Discounted Equity Valuation (DEV)
Analysis.
 Morgan Stanley performed an
analysis of the present value of implied future trading prices
of ONI Systems common stock, based on ranges of the following
assumptions: annual revenue growth rates; annual operating
income margins; illustrative one-year forward price-to-earnings
multiples of 25-35x; and an illustrative discount rate of 19%.
Based on these assumptions, Morgan Stanley calculated the
present value of future theoretical values to be approximately
$4.75 to $10.75 per ONI Systems common share. Morgan Stanley
further noted that the foregoing range of prices implied an
exchange ratio range of 0.544x to 1.231x and compared it to the
exchange ratio as set forth in the merger agreement.

Precedent Transaction
Analysis.
 Morgan Stanley compared
certain publicly available statistics for selected networking
equipment transactions from January 13, 1999 to
November 19, 2001. The following table presents the
indicated premiums paid to the exchange ratio calculated using
the average exchange ratio 30 days before the announcement
of the transaction and the average exchange ratio 60 days
before the announcement of the transaction:

Premium to

30-Day Average

60-Day Average

Exchange Ratio

Exchange Ratio

Mean

51.9

%

62.5

%

Median

44.5

%

53.3

%

ONI Systems/ CIENA Premium

55.2

%

60.1

%

Based on the foregoing analysis, Morgan Stanley
calculated an acquisition value range for the ONI Systems common
stock of $7.25 to $8.25 per share. Morgan Stanley further noted
that this range of prices implied an exchange ratio range of
0.830x to 0.945x and compared it to the exchange ratio as set
forth in the merger agreement.

No transaction included in the precedent
transaction analyses is identical to the merger. In evaluating
the precedent transactions, Morgan Stanley made judgments and
assumptions with regard to industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions and other
matters. Many of these matters are beyond the control of CIENA
or ONI Systems, such as the impact of competition on the
business of CIENA or ONI Systems and the industry in general,
industry growth and the absence of any material adverse change
in the financial condition and prospects of CIENA or ONI Systems
or the industry or in the financial markets in general.
Mathematical analysis, such as determining the average or
median, or the high or the low, is not in itself a meaningful
method of using precedent transaction data.

Exchange Ratio Premium Analysis:

Morgan Stanley reviewed the ratios of
the closing prices of ONI Systems common stock divided by the
corresponding closing prices of CIENA common shares over various
periods ending February 15, 2002. These ratios are referred
to as period average exchange ratios. Morgan Stanley examined
the premiums represented by the exchange ratio of 0.7104x, set
forth in the



merger agreement, over the averages of these
daily ratios over various periods and found them to be as
follows:

Period Ending

Period Average

Premium to Period

February 15, 2002

Exchange Ratio

Average Exchange Ratio

February 15, 2002

0.635

x

11.9

%

Prior 5 Trading Days

0.578

22.8

Prior 10 Trading Days

0.536

32.5

Prior 30 Trading Days

0.458

55.2

Prior 60 Trading Days

0.444

60.1

Prior 90 Trading Days

0.424

67.6

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to a partial
analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion,
Morgan Stanley considered the results of all of its analyses as
a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any
particular analysis or factor considered by it. Furthermore,
Morgan Stanley believes that the summary provided and the
analyses described above must be considered as a whole and that
selecting any portion of Morgan Stanleys analyses, without
considering all its analyses, would create an incomplete view of
the process underlying Morgan Stanleys opinion. In
addition, Morgan Stanley may have deemed various assumptions
more or less probable than other assumptions, so that the range
of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described
above should not be taken to be Morgan Stanleys view of
the actual value of CIENA or ONI Systems.

In performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made
numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and economic conditions and other matters, many
of which are beyond the control of CIENA or ONI Systems. Any
estimates contained in Morgan Stanleys analysis are not
necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested
by such estimates. The analyses performed were prepared solely
as part of Morgan Stanleys analysis of the fairness from a
financial point of view of the exchange ratio pursuant to the
merger agreement to CIENA and were conducted in connection with
the delivery of the Morgan Stanley opinion dated
February 15, 2002 to the board of directors of CIENA. The
analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the
prices at which CIENA common stock or ONI Systems common stock
might actually trade.

The exchange ratio pursuant to the merger
agreement and other terms of the merger agreement were
determined through arms length negotiations between CIENA
and ONI Systems and were approved by the CIENA board of
directors. Morgan Stanley provided advice to CIENA during such
negotiations; however, Morgan Stanley did not recommend any
specific consideration to CIENA or that any specific
consideration constituted the only appropriate consideration for
the merger. In addition, as described above, Morgan
Stanleys opinion and presentation to the CIENA board of
directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by
CIENAs board of directors in making its decision to
approve the merger. Consequently, the Morgan Stanley analyses as
described above should not be viewed as determinative of the
opinion of the CIENA board of directors with respect to the
value of CIENA or of whether the CIENA board of directors would
have been willing to agree to a different consideration.

Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized
investment banking and advisory firm. Morgan Stanley, as part of
its investment banking and financial advisory business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions,
negotiated underwriting, competitive bidding, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. In
the ordinary course of business, Morgan Stanley or its
affiliates may at any time hold long or short positions, trade
or otherwise effect transactions, for its own account or for the
accounts of investment funds or other clients under the
management of Morgan Stanley and for the accounts of its
customers, in the equity or debt securities or senior loans of
CIENA and/or ONI Systems.



Pursuant to an engagement letter dated
January 21, 2002, Morgan Stanley provided financial
advisory services in connection with the merger, and CIENA
agreed to pay Morgan Stanley a customary fee in connection
therewith. CIENA has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley for
its expenses incurred in performing its services. In addition,
CIENA has agreed to indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates,
their respective directors, officers, agents and employees and
each person, if any, controlling Morgan Stanley or any of its
affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses, including
certain liabilities under the federal securities laws, related
to or arising out of Morgan Stanleys engagement and any
related transactions. In the past, Morgan Stanley and its
affiliates have provided financial advisory services for CIENA
and have received fees for the rendering of these services.

Opinion of ONI Systems Financial
Advisor

Goldman Sachs has acted as financial advisor to
ONI Systems in connection with the merger. On February 15,
2002, Goldman Sachs proffered its oral opinion to the board of
directors of ONI Systems, which opinion was subsequently
confirmed in writing on February 17, 2002, the date of the
merger agreement, that, as of the date of that opinion, the
exchange ratio of 0.7104 shares of CIENA common stock to be
received for each share of ONI Systems common stock pursuant to
the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to
the holders of shares of ONI Systems common stock. In addition,
on March 18, 2002, at the request of the board of directors
of ONI Systems, Goldman Sachs delivered its opinion to the board
of directors of ONI Systems that, as of the date of that
opinion, the exchange ratio of 0.7104 shares of CIENA
common stock to be received for each share of ONI Systems common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial
point of view to the holders of such shares of ONI Systems
common stock, which opinion was subsequently confirmed in
writing by means of an opinion letter dated as of March 18,
2002. The terms of the opinion letter dated February 17,
2002 were substantially identical to the terms of the opinion
letter dated March 18, 2002.

The full text of the written opinion letter of
Goldman Sachs dated March 18, 2002, which identifies
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as
Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Goldman
Sachs advisory services and its opinions were provided for
the information and assistance of the board of directors of ONI
Systems in connection with its consideration of the merger. The
Goldman Sachs opinions do not constitute a recommendation as to
how any holder of shares of ONI Systems common stock should vote
with respect to the merger. Stockholders of ONI Systems are
urged to, and should, read this opinion in its
entirety.

In connection with its opinions, Goldman Sachs
reviewed, among other things:

 

the merger agreement,

 

the annual reports to stockholders and annual
	reports on Form 10-K of ONI Systems for the year ended
	December 31, 2000 and of CIENA for the five fiscal years
	ended October 31, 2001;

 

the registration statement on Form S-1 of
	ONI Systems, including the prospectus dated May 31, 2000
	included therein;

 

certain interim reports to stockholders and
	quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of ONI Systems and CIENA;

 

certain other communications from ONI Systems and
	CIENA to their respective stockholders;

 

certain forward looking management data for CIENA
	prepared by the management of CIENA;

 

certain internal financial analyses and forecasts
	for ONI Systems prepared by the management of ONI Systems;

 

certain financial analyses and forecasts for
	CIENA prepared by the management of ONI Systems; and



 

certain cost savings and operating synergies
	projected by the management of ONI Systems to result from the
	transaction contemplated by the merger agreement.

Goldman Sachs also held discussions with members
of the senior managements of ONI Systems and CIENA regarding
their assessment of the strategic rationale for, and the
potential benefits of, the transaction contemplated by the
merger agreement and the past and current business operations,
financial condition and future prospects of their respective
companies. In addition, Goldman Sachs:

 

reviewed the reported price and trading activity
	for the shares of ONI Systems and CIENA common stock,

 

compared certain financial and stock market
	information for ONI Systems and CIENA with similar information
	for certain other companies the securities of which are publicly
	traded, and

 

reviewed the financial terms of certain recent
	business combinations in the communications technology industry
	specifically and in other industries generally and performed
	such other studies and analyses as it considered appropriate.

Goldman Sachs relied upon the accuracy and
completeness of all of the financial, accounting and other
information discussed with or reviewed by it and assumed such
accuracy and completeness for purposes of rendering its
opinions. In addition, with the consent of the board of
directors of ONI Systems, Goldman Sachs assumed that the
internal financial analyses and forecasts for ONI Systems
prepared by the management of ONI Systems, financial analyses
and forecasts for CIENA prepared by the management of ONI
Systems and cost savings and operating synergies projected by
the management of ONI Systems to result from the transaction
contemplated by the merger agreement were reasonably prepared on
a basis reflecting the then best currently available estimates
and judgments of ONI Systems. In addition, Goldman Sachs did not
make an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets and
liabilities of ONI Systems or CIENA or any of their subsidiaries
and Goldman Sachs was not furnished with any such evaluation or
appraisal.

The following is a summary of the material
financial analyses used by Goldman Sachs in connection with
providing its opinions to ONI Systems board of directors.
The following summary, however, does not purport to be a
complete description of the analyses performed by Goldman Sachs.
The order of the analyses described below do not represent the
relative importance or weight given to those analyses by Goldman
Sachs. 
Some of the following summaries of financial analyses
include information presented in tabular format. The tables
alone are not a complete description of Goldman Sachs
financial analyses and should be read together with the text of
each summary.

Transaction Exchange Ratio and Premium
Analysis: 
In connection with its
February 17, 2002 opinion, Goldman Sachs reviewed the
historical stock prices for ONI Systems common stock and CIENA
common stock on the basis of their respective closing prices per
share on February 14, 2002 and the respective closing
prices and period averages for the prior five days,
10 days, 30 days, 60 days and 90 days. The
following table presents:

 

the implied exchange ratio, based on
	147.9 million fully diluted shares of ONI Systems and
	333.2 million fully diluted shares of CIENA, between the
	closing prices of ONI Systems common stock and CIENA common
	stock on February 14, 2002 and the implied exchange ratio
	between the average of the closing prices of ONI Systems common
	stock and CIENA common stock for the specified periods; and

 

the premium over those implied exchange ratios
	implied by the actual exchange ratio in the merger.



Premium Over Implied

Date or Period

Implied Exchange Ratio

Exchange Ratio

February 14, 2002

0.587

x

21.1

%

5 day average

0.559

27.0

10 day average

0.517

37.5

30 day average

0.452

57.2

60 day average

0.441

61.3

90 day average

0.422

68.5

Goldman Sachs also reviewed the historical
closing price of ONI Systems common stock on February 14,
2002 and the closing prices and period averages for the prior
five days, 10 days, 30 days, 60 days and
90 days. The following table presents:

 

the closing price of ONI Systems common stock on
	February 14, 2002 and the average of the closing prices of
	ONI Systems common stock for the specified periods; and

 

the premium over the closing price of ONI Systems
	common stock on February 14, 2002 and the average closing
	prices of ONI Systems common stock for the specified periods
	implied by the actual exchange ratio in the merger.

Premium Over Closing

Price or Average Closing

Closing Price or Average

Price of ONI Systems

Closing Price of ONI

Common Stock Implied by

Date or Period

Systems Common Stock

the Exchange Ratio

February 14, 2002

$

5.35

21.1

%

5 day average

5.47

18.4

10 day average

5.07

27.9

30 day average

5.71

13.4

60 day average

6.53

(0.8

)

90 day average

6.51

(0.5

)

In connection with its March 18, 2002
opinion, Goldman Sachs did not perform a transaction exchange
ratio analysis and premium analysis, as such analyses would not
be informative after the proposed transaction had been announced
because the announcement would likely have influenced movements
in the ONI Systems stock price.

Consideration Multiple Analysis:

In connection with its
February 17, 2002 opinion, Goldman Sachs also calculated
the total consideration to be received by ONI Systems
stockholders as a multiple of estimated calendar years 2002 and
2003 revenue. Goldman Sachs calculated that the fully diluted
equity consideration in the merger would be $960 million.
Goldman Sachs also determined that the levered consideration in
the merger would be $581 million, based on the fully
diluted equity consideration and net debt of $379 million.
Using ONI Systems management high and low revenue
projections for ONI Systems for fiscal years 2002 and 2003,
Goldman Sachs derived levered consideration as a multiple of
both low and high estimates of revenue.

The results of these analyses are as follows:

Low Estimate

Revenue (in millions)

Revenue Multiple

2002E

$

3.9

x

2003E

1.7

High Estimate

Revenue (in millions)

Revenue Multiple

2002E

$

2.9

x

2003E

1.5



Goldman Sachs also performed a consideration
multiple analysis in connection with its March 18, 2002
opinion. Goldman Sachs calculated the total consideration to be
received by ONI Systems stockholders as a multiple of estimated
calendar years 2002 and 2003 revenue. Goldman Sachs calculated
that the fully diluted equity consideration in the merger would
be $940 million. Goldman Sachs also determined that the
levered consideration in the merger, assuming no cash burn,
would be $562 million, based on the fully diluted equity
consideration and net debt of $379 million. Goldman Sachs
also determined that the levered consideration in the merger,
assuming cash burn for ONI Systems of $272 million based on ONI
Systems revised management projections, would be $834
million. Using ONI Systems revised management high and low
revenue projections for fiscal years 2002 and 2003, Goldman
Sachs derived levered consideration as a multiple of both low
and high estimates of revenue.

The results of these analyses are as follows:

Revenue

Revenue Multiple

Revenue Multiple

Low Estimate

(in millions)

(no cash burn)

(with cash burn)

2002E

$

4.5

x

6.7

x

2003E

2.5

3.7

Revenue

Revenue Multiple

Revenue Multiple

High Estimate

(in millions)

(no cash burn)

(with cash burn)

2002E

$

3.7

x

5.6

x

2003E

1.8

2.6

Selected Companies Analysis:

In connection with its
February 17, 2002 opinion, Goldman Sachs reviewed and
compared specified publicly-available financial information of
ONI Systems and CIENA with specified publicly-available
financial information, ratios and public market multiples for
the following broad systems and optical components
communications technology companies:

Next Generation

Broad Systems

Corvis

Alcatel

Juniper

Cisco

Riverstone

Lucent

Sonus Networks

Nortel

Sycamore

Tellabs

Tellium

The following table presents for ONI Systems and
CIENA and the groups of next generation and broad systems
communications technologies companies:

 

The February 14, 2002 closing price as a
	percent of the stocks 52 week high;

 

Projected 2002 and 2003 calendar year price to
	earnings per share, or PE, ratios;

 

Five-year forecasted compound annual growth rate
	of earnings per share, or EPS; and

 

Enterprise value as a multiple of projected 2002
	and 2003 revenue; and

 

Projected 2002-2003 Percentage Revenue Growth.

The multiples and other financial information
calculated by Goldman Sachs were based on the closing prices on
February 14, 2002 for ONI Systems, CIENA and the selected
companies common stock and/or the most recent publicly available
information for ONI Systems, CIENA and the selected companies.
The projected PE multiples for calendar years 2002 and 2003 and
the five years EPS compound annual growth rate for ONI Systems,
CIENA and the selected companies were based on median estimates
provided by the Institutional Brokers Estimate System, or IBES.
Enterprise value revenue multiples are based on



securities analysts projections and IBES
estimates. The values provided below are in millions, except per
share data.

Enterprise

February 14, 2002

Value

Closing Share Price

IBES 5 year

Revenue

Projected 2002-2003

as Percentage of

PE Ratio

EPS Compound

Multiple

Percentage

52 week

Annual

Revenue

Company

High Share Price

Growth Rate

Growth

ONI Systems

11.2

%

NM

NM

25.0

%

2.2

x

1.7

x

29.0

%

CIENA

10.2

NM

NM

22.5

3.2

2.5

28.8

Selected Next Generation Companies

Mean

15.4

43.4

x

24.1

x

31.7

2.8

2.1

36.7

Median

11.1

35.0

22.6

32.5

3.1

2.3

32.4

Selected Broad Systems Companies

Mean

34.4

53.8

59.6

12.2

2.7

2.3

10.3

Median

30.5

53.8

38.9

16.0

2.2

2.0

11.6

Goldman Sachs also performed similar analyses
with respect to its March 18, 2002 opinion. The following
table presents for ONI Systems and CIENA and the groups of next
generation and incumbent communications technologies companies:

 

The March 15, 2002 closing price as a
	percent of the stocks 52 week high;

 

Projected 2002 and 2003 calendar year PE ratios;

 

Five-year forecasted compound annual growth rate
	of EPS;

 

Enterprise value as a multiple of projected 2002
	and 2003 calendar year revenue;

 

Enterprise value as a multiple of projected 2002
	and 2003 calendar year revenue net excess cash, or the amount of
	cash burn required to break-even; and

 

Projected 2002-2003 Percentage Revenue Growth.

The multiples and other financial information
calculated by Goldman Sachs were based on the closing prices on
March 15, 2002 for ONI Systems, CIENA and the selected
companies common stock and/or the most recent publicly
available information for ONI Systems, CIENA and the selected
companies. The projected PE multiples for calendar years 2002
and 2003 for ONI Systems, CIENA and the selected companies were
based on median estimates provided by IBES. Enterprise value
revenue multiples are based on securities analysts
projections. The cash burn required to breakeven was based on an
estimated cash burn (i) for ONI Systems of
$272 million based on ONI Systems management
projections, (ii) for CIENA of $222 million based on
ONI Systems management projections and (iii) for all
others, on the 2001 fourth quarters estimated cash burn
multiplied by six. The values provided below are in millions,
except per share data.



Enterprise

Enterprise

Value Revenue

March 15, 2002

Value

Multiple Less

Closing Share Price

IBES 5 Year

Revenue

Net Excess

as Percentage of

PE Ratio

EPS Compound

Multiple

Cash

Projected 2002-2003

52 week High

Annual

Percentage Revenue

Company

Share Price

Growth Rate

Growth

ONI Systems

15.6

%

NM

NM

30.0

%

2.9

x

2.3

x

4.4

x

3.4

x

29.0

%

CIENA

13.3

NM

NM

25.0

3.9

3.1

4.3

3.5

25.0

Selected Next Generation Companies

Mean

17.7

84.1

x

108.8

x

31.7

2.5

2.4

2.6

2.4

29.9

Median

15.9

67.2

48.2

32.5

1.3

0.9

1.3

1.2

32.3

Selected Incumbent Companies

Mean

40.0

52.9

63.0

12.6

2.2

2.0

2.4

2.2

12.2

Median

38.0

52.9

45.3

16.0

1.8

1.5

2.1

1.8

14.2

Selected Transactions Analysis:

In connection with both its
February 17, 2002 and March 18, 2002 opinions, Goldman
Sachs analyzed certain information relating to the following 14
communications technology transactions since July 1997:

Acquiror

Target

Siemens AG

Efficient Networks

Nortel Networks

Alteon Websystems Inc.

Cisco Systems

Arrowpoint Communications

Alcatel SA

Newbridge Networks Corp.

Corning Inc.

NetOptix Corporation

Lucent Technologies Inc.

Ortel Corporation

Corning Inc.

Oak Industries

Nortel Networks

Clarify

Alcatel

Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories

Tellabs Inc.

CIENA Corporation (first transaction-not
	completed)

Tellabs Inc.

CIENA Corporation (second transaction-not
	completed)

Lucent Technologies Inc.

Yurie Systems, Inc.

Tellabs Inc.

Coherent Communications

Lucent Technologies Inc.

Octel Communications

For each transaction, Goldman Sachs analyzed:

 

the levered aggregate consideration of the
	transaction;

 

the levered aggregate consideration as a multiple
	of latest twelve months, or LTM, sales;

 

the ratio of Acquirors LTM revenue multiple
	to the revenue multiple paid; and

 

the premium paid in relation to market value of
	targets stock price one week prior to announcement.

This analysis indicated that, as of
March 15, 2002, for the selected transactions (i) the
median for levered aggregate consideration as a multiple of LTM
sales was 9.2x, (ii) the median for the acquirors LTM
revenue multiple to revenue multiple paid was 0.4x, and
(iii) the median for the premium to market value of
targets stock price one week prior to announcement was
37.5%.



Contribution Analyses:

In connection with its
February 17, 2002 opinion, Goldman Sachs reviewed the
estimated future operating and financial information, including,
among other things, revenue, gross profit, operating income and
net income, for ONI Systems, CIENA and the pro forma combined
entity resulting from the merger based on ONI Systems
management projections. Goldman Sachs analyzed and compared the
respective levered and equity contributions of each of ONI
Systems and CIENA to the combined companys projected high
and low revenue and gross profit for each calendar year 2002 and
2003, based on ONI Systems management estimates dated
February 13, 2002. Goldman Sachs also analyzed and compared
the equity contributions of each of ONI Systems and CIENA to the
combined companys fully diluted equity value as of
February 14, 2002 and the levered contribution of each of
ONI Systems and CIENA to the combined companys levered
market value. The following table presents the results of that
analysis:

Levered Contributions

Equity Contributions

to Total

to Total

% ONI Systems

% CIENA

% ONI Systems

% CIENA

Revenue

CY2002E (high estimate)

20.5

%

79.5

%

23.3

%

76.7

%

CY2002E (low estimate)

18.2

81.8

21.8

78.2

CY2003E (high estimate)

21.1

78.9

23.6

76.4

CY2003E (low estimate)

22.6

77.4

24.6

75.4

Gross Profit

CY2002E (high estimate)

22.6

77.4

24.6

75.4

CY2002E (low estimate)

25.4

74.6

26.5

73.5

CY2003E (high estimate)

20.0

80.0

23.0

77.0

CY2003E (low estimate)

22.7

77.3

24.7

75.3

Fully Diluted Equity Value

20.7

79.3

Levered Market Value

16.4

83.6

In connection with its March 18, 2002
opinion, Goldman Sachs similarly reviewed the estimated future
operating and financial information, including, among other
things, revenue, gross profit, operating income and net income,
for ONI Systems, CIENA and the pro forma combined entity
resulting from the merger based on ONI Systems management
projections. Goldman Sachs analyzed the levered and equity
contributions of ONI Systems to the combined companys
projected high and low revenue and gross profit for each
calendar year 2002 and 2003, based on ONI Systems revised
management estimates dated March 15, 2002 and based on
333.3 million fully diluted CIENA shares outstanding.
Goldman Sachs also analyzed and compared the equity contribution
of ONI Systems to the combined companys fully diluted
equity value as of March 15, 2002 and the levered
contribution of ONI Systems to the combined companys
levered market value. Goldman Sachs performed two such analyses,
first assuming no cash burn and second assuming estimated annual
cash burn (i) for ONI Systems of $272 million and
(ii) for



CIENA of $222 million, based on ONI
Systems management projections. The following table
presents the results from the analyses:

% ONI Equity

% ONI Levered

Contribution to Total

Contribution

to Total

No Cash Burn

With Cash Burn

Revenue

CY2002E (high estimate)

22.6

%

24.0

%

19.8

%

CY2002E (low estimate)

21.7

23.5

19.1

CY2003E (high estimate)

24.4

25.2

21.2

CY2003E (low estimate)

23.1

24.3

20.2

Gross Profit

CY2002E (high estimate)

23.1

%

24.3

%

20.2

%

CY2002E (low estimate)

25.7

26.0

22.2

CY2003E (high estimate)

24.4

25.2

21.2

CY2003E (low estimate)

24.2

25.0

21.0

Fully Diluted Equity Value (with cash burn)

23.6

Levered Market Value (no cash burn)

21.9

Levered Market Value (with cash burn)

27.4

In connection with its February 17, 2002
opinion, Goldman Sachs analyzed the relative 2003 revenues, net
income and net cash contribution of ONI Systems, using high and
low estimates provided by ONI Systems management, to the
combined company on a pro forma basis both including and
excluding any synergies that were projected to result from the
transaction projections and based on ONI Systems pro forma
24% equity ownership in the combined company. The following
table presents the results from that analysis:

ONI Systems

Pro Forma

Pro Forma

Current

Combined

With Synergies

Low

High

Low

High

Low

High

Total

Revenues

$

$

$

$

$

$

Net Income

(76

)

(67

)

(118

)

(24

)

(62

)

Net Cash

$

$

$

$

$

$

Implied Ownership of:

Revenues

$

$

$

$

$

$

Net Income

(76

)

(67

)

(28

)

(6

)

(15

)

Net Cash

$

$

$

$

$

$

Net Change

Revenues

$

$

$

$

Net Income

Net Cash

$

(64

)

$

(64

)

$

(64

)

$

(64

)

In connection with its March 18, 2002
opinion, Goldman Sachs performed a similar analysis of the
relative 2003 revenues, net income and net cash contribution,
first assuming no cash burn and second assuming cash burn, of
ONI Systems, using revised high and low estimates provided by
ONI Systems management, to the combined company on a pro
forma basis both including and excluding any synergies that were
projected to result from the transaction projections. These
analyses were also based on ONI



Systems pro forma 24% equity ownership in
the combined company. The following table presents the results
from that analysis:

ONI Systems

Pro Forma

Pro Forma

Current

Combined

With Synergies

Low

High

Low

High

Low

High

Total

Revenues

$

$

$

$

$

$

Net Income

(110

)

(80

)

(120

)

(51

)

(64

)

Net Cash (no cash burn)

$

$

$

$

$

$

Net Cash (with cash burn)

$

$

$

$

$

$

Implied Ownership of:

Revenues

$

$

$

$

$

$

Net Income

(110

)

(80

)

(29

)

(12

)

(15

)

Net Cash (no cash burn)

$

$

$

$

$

$

Net Cash (with cash burn)

$

$

$

$

$

$

Net Change

Revenues

$

$

(5

)

$

$

(5

)

Net Income

Net Cash (no cash burn)

$

(36

)

$

(36

)

$

(36

)

$

(36

)

Net Cash (with cash burn)

$

$

$

$

Pro Forma Merger Analysis:

In connection with its
February 17, 2002 and March 18, 2002 opinions, Goldman
Sachs prepared pro forma analyses of the financial impact of the
merger using publicly available information and estimates
provided by ONI Systems management. For each of calendar
years 2002 and 2003, Goldman Sachs compared the estimated
revenue per share of ONI Systems common stock and CIENA common
stock on a standalone basis to the estimated revenue per share
of CIENA common stock on a pro forma basis for each of the low
and high estimates of revenue per share projected by ONI
Systems management for each such years. In addition, for
each of calendar years 2002 and 2003, Goldman Sachs compared the
estimated cash EPS of ONI Systems common stock and CIENA common
stock on a standalone basis to the estimated cash EPS of CIENA
common stock on a pro forma basis for each of the low and high
estimates of cash EPS projected by ONI Systems management.
In connection with its February 17, 2002 opinion, Goldman
Sachs performed this analysis based on a price of $5.35 (the per
share price of ONI Systems common stock on February 14,
2002) of ONI Systems common stock and $9.12 (the per share price
of CIENA common stock on February 14, 2002) of CIENA common
stock. Based on such analyses, for fiscal year 2002 and 2003,
under both a low and a high estimate of revenues for the
combined company, the proposed transaction would be accretive to
ONI Systems stockholders on a revenue per share basis. In
connection with its March 18, 2002 opinion, Goldman Sachs
performed this analysis based on a price of $6.22 (the per share
price of ONI Systems common stock on March 15, 2002) of ONI
Systems common stock and $8.95 (the per share price of CIENA
common stock on March 15, 2002) of CIENA common stock.
Based on such analyses, for fiscal year 2002 and 2003, under
both a low and high estimate of revenues for the combined
company, the proposed transaction would be accretive to ONI
Systems stockholders on a revenue per share basis.

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description. Selecting portions of the
analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering
the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the
processes underlying Goldman Sachs opinions. In arriving
at its fairness determinations, Goldman Sachs considered the
results of all such analyses and did not attribute any
particular weight to any factor or analyses considered by it.
Rather, Goldman Sachs made its determinations as to fairness on
the basis of its experience and



professional judgment after considering the
results of all of its analyses. No company or transaction used
in the above analyses as a comparison is directly comparable to
ONI Systems or CIENA or the contemplated transaction.

The analyses were prepared solely for purposes of
Goldman Sachs providing its opinions to the ONI Systems
board of directors as to the fairness from a financial point of
view to the holders of the outstanding shares of ONI Systems
common stock of the exchange ratio of 0.7104 shares of CIENA
common stock to be received for each share of ONI Systems common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement. These analyses do not
purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at
which businesses or securities actually may be sold. Analyses
based upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily
indicative of actual future results, which may be significantly
more or less favorable than suggested by such analyses. Because
such analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty, being based
upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of the
parties or their respective advisors, none of ONI Systems,
CIENA, Goldman Sachs or any other person assumes responsibility
if future results are materially different from those forecast.

As described above, Goldman Sachs opinions
to the board of directors of ONI Systems was one of many factors
taken into consideration by the board of directors of ONI
Systems in making its determination to approve the merger
agreement and recommend approval of the merger agreement to the
ONI Systems stockholders. The foregoing summary does not
purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed
by Goldman Sachs in connection with such opinions and is
qualified by reference to the written opinions of Goldman Sachs.

Goldman Sachs, as part of its investment banking
business, is continually engaged in performing financial
analyses with respect to businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of
listed and unlisted securities and private placements and for
estate, corporate and other purposes. Goldman Sachs is familiar
with ONI Systems having provided certain investment banking
services to ONI Systems from time to time, including having
acted as:

 

Lead manager of the initial public offering of
	8,000,000 shares of ONI Systems common stock in May 2000;

 

Lead manager of the follow-on offering of
	8,000,000 shares of ONI Systems common stock in October 2000;

 

Lead manager of the public offering of ONI
	Systems 5% Convertible Subordinated Notes due in October
	2005, in October 2000; and

 

Financial advisor in connection with, and having
	participated in certain of the negotiations leading to, the
	merger agreement.

Goldman Sachs also has provided certain
investment banking services to CIENA from time to time,
including having acted as:

 

Lead manager of the initial public offering of
	5,000,000 shares of CIENA common stock in February 1997;

 

Lead manager of the follow-on offering of
	9,110,622 shares of CIENA common stock in July 1997;

 

Lead manager of the public offering of 11,000,000
	shares of CIENA common stock in February 2001; and

 

Lead manager of the public offering of
	CIENAs 3.75% Convertible Notes due in February 2008, in
	February 2001.

Goldman Sachs may also provide investment banking
services to ONI Systems, CIENA and their respective subsidiaries
in the future. ONI Systems selected Goldman Sachs as its
financial advisor because



it is an internationally recognized investment
banking firm that has substantial experience in transactions
similar to the merger.

Goldman Sachs provides a full range of financial
advisory and securities services and, in the course of its
normal trading activities, may from time to time effect
transactions and hold positions in securities, including
derivative securities, of ONI Systems or CIENA for its own
account and for the accounts of customers.

Lawton Fitt, a Managing Director of Goldman Sachs
International, an affiliate of Goldman Sachs, is a director of
CIENA. Goldman Sachs has been informed that Ms. Fitt
recused herself from deliberating and voting on any proposals
presented to CIENAs board of directors in respect of the
merger agreement and merger.

Pursuant to a letter agreement dated
January 20, 2002, or the Goldman Sachs engagement letter,
ONI Systems engaged Goldman Sachs to act as its financial
advisor in connection with the merger. Pursuant to the
engagement letter, ONI Systems agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a
customary transaction fee upon consummation of the merger. ONI
Systems has agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs for its reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys fees, and to
indemnify Goldman Sachs against certain liabilities, including
certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.

Interests of Executive Officers and Directors
in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the ONI
Systems board of directors regarding the merger, ONI Systems
stockholders should be aware that some ONI Systems directors and
executive officers have interests in the merger and related
arrangements that are different from, or in addition to, their
interests as ONI Systems stockholders. These interests may
create potential conflicts of interest for these directors and
officers because they may be more likely to approve the merger
than ONI Systems stockholders generally. The ONI Systems board
of directors was aware of these interests and took these
interests into account in its deliberations of the merits of the
merger and in approving the merger and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.

Employment and Consulting Arrangements.

Hugh C. Martin, the Chairman of
the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of ONI Systems,
has signed a consulting agreement with CIENA for a term of one
year following the closing of the merger. Under this consulting
agreement Mr. Martin will receive a consulting fee of
$23,334 per month, and the shares of CIENA common stock acquired
by Mr. Martin as a result of the merger and the ONI Systems
stock options issued to Mr. Martin and assumed by CIENA as
a result of the merger will continue to vest during the term of
the consulting agreement in accordance with the terms of the
agreements under which Mr. Martin currently holds these
shares and options.

William R. Cumpston, the Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating Officer of ONI Systems, has signed an
employment agreement with CIENA under which he agreed to serve
as Senior Vice President, Metro Switching, Access and Transport
of the combined company. Rohit Sharma, the Chief Technology
Officer of ONI Systems, has signed an employment agreement with
CIENA under which he agreed to serve as Senior Vice President
and Chief Technology Officer, Metro Access and Transport of the
combined company. Mr. Cumpston and Mr. Sharma will receive
the following benefits under their respective employment
agreements:

 

Mr. Cumpston will receive a base salary in
	the amount of $275,000 per year, and will be eligible to
	participate in CIENAs Incentive Bonus Plan at a rate of up
	to 50% of his base salary on a quarterly basis. During the first
	12 months of the term of his employment agreement
	Mr. Cumpston will receive a guaranteed bonus in an amount
	such that his total compensation will be equal to at least
	$350,000;

 

Mr. Sharma will receive a base salary in the
	amount of $250,000 per year, and will be eligible to participate
	in CIENAs Incentive Bonus Plan at a rate of up to 50% of
	his base salary on a



quarterly basis. During the first 12 months
	of the term of his employment agreement Mr. Sharma will
	receive a guaranteed bonus in an amount such that his total
	compensation will be equal to at least $300,000;

 

both executives will be eligible to receive
	additional stock option grants in accordance with CIENAs
	standard compensation plans; and

 

both executives will be eligible to participate
	in CIENAs executive benefits program.

Mr. Cumpston and Mr. Sharma are
entitled to receive specified benefits under their employment
agreements with CIENA if their employment is terminated by CIENA
without cause, or by the executive for good reason, within one
year after the merger or within one year after the effective
date of a transfer of control of CIENA. Upon termination as set
forth above, each of these executives will receive the following
benefits under the agreements:

 

continuation for a period of 12 months following
	the last day of employment of the executives compensation
	equal to the executives annual base salary immediately
	prior to either the date of termination or the date of the
	transfer of control, whichever is higher;

 

compensation equal to the executives annual
	bonus amount under any incentive plans or programs in which the
	executive participated immediately prior to either the date of
	termination or the date of the transfer of control, whichever
	annual bonus amount is higher, this bonus will be based on an
	assumed achievement of 100% of the targeted performance for the
	award and will be payable in quarterly installments;

 

continuation of the executives
	participation in group medical, dental, life and disability
	plans on substantially the same basis as if the executive were
	an employee until the earlier of the anniversary of the date of
	termination or the last day of the month in which the executive
	begins employment with another employer, CIENA will also pay the
	executive at least annually an amount sufficient on an after tax
	basis to compensate the executive for all additional taxes
	incurred because of any income realized as a result of continued
	coverage to the extent the taxes would not be incurred if the
	executive was an employee of CIENA;

 

CIENA will continue to maintain director and
	officer insurance covering the executive, and will maintain in
	effect any indemnification agreements providing for
	indemnification of the executive by CIENA, until the applicable
	statute of limitations has ended;

 

if the executive is terminated within
	12 months after the merger, the vesting of the
	executives options will continue for the same period
	during which the executive is receiving his salary, and the
	exercise period for the executives unexercised and
	exercisable options will be extended for thirty days after the
	end of the salary continuation period;

 

if the executive is terminated following a
	transfer of control, the executives options will become
	vested and exercisable upon the transfer of control to the
	extent provided for under the terms of the plan, program or
	arrangement under which the options were granted, vesting of the
	executives options will continue during the salary
	continuation period, and the exercise period for the
	executives unexercised and exercisable options will be
	extended for 30 days after the end of the salary
	continuation period; and

 

if it is determined that any payment or
	distribution by CIENA to or for the benefit of the executive
	paid, payable or distributed under the terms of the agreement or
	otherwise, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by
	Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code or any interest
	or penalties are incurred by the executive with respect to the
	excise tax, then CIENA will pay the executive an additional
	amount equal to the excise tax imposed.

Each executive agreed not to compete with CIENA
for a period of one year following termination of his
employment. However, under Mr. Sharmas employment
agreement the non-competition provision will not apply, if, on
or after the first anniversary of the date that the merger is
completed, Mr. Sharmas



employment is terminated except in connection
with a transfer of control of CIENA. If, on or after the first
anniversary of the date that the merger is completed,
Mr. Sharma is terminated by CIENA without cause or by Mr.
Sharma with good reason, in either event within one year of the
effective date of a transfer of control of CIENA, and
Mr. Sharma elects to forego various benefits to which he
would otherwise be entitled, the non-competition provision will
not apply.

Stock Ownership.

As of March   ,
2002, the directors and executive officers of ONI Systems
beneficially
owned                      shares,
including stock options and warrants exercisable within
60 days of that date, representing
approximately      % of the outstanding
shares of ONI Systems. These shares would represent
approximately      % of the outstanding
shares of CIENA after completion of the merger, based on shares
outstanding on March      , 2002.

Assumption of Stock Options.

Each outstanding option to
purchase ONI Systems common stock, including any stock option
held by any director or executive officer of ONI Systems, will
be assumed by CIENA at the effective time of the merger. Each
option will become an option to acquire common stock of the
combined company after the merger, the number of shares subject
to the option and the option exercise price will be equitably
adjusted according to the 0.7104 exchange ratio.

Acceleration of ONI Systems Stock Options.

The ONI Systems stock options held
by members of the ONI Systems board of directors that were
granted under the ONI Systems 2000 Equity Incentive Plan will
accelerate in connection with the merger and become 100% vested
and exercisable in full. The ONI Systems options held by
Robert J. Jandro and Michael A. Dillon, both of whom
are executive officers of ONI Systems, will accelerate in
connection with the merger so that 25% of the unvested shares
subject to these options will become vested. In addition,
several other employees of ONI Systems have stock options with
acceleration of vesting in connection with the merger.

Parachute Payments.

For certain employees of ONI
Systems the acceleration of the vesting of options upon
completion of the merger or subsequent termination of employment
may, together with any severance payments, result in
excess parachute payments as defined in
Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code. Excess parachute
payments are not deductible in accordance with
Section 280G. As a result, CIENA will not be entitled to a
tax deduction for the amount determined to be excess parachute
payments.

Indemnification.

The merger agreement provides
that, upon the completion of the merger, CIENA for a period of
six years will fulfill the obligations of ONI Systems to
indemnify and hold harmless each person who is or was a director
or officer of ONI Systems against any losses incurred based upon
matters existing or occurring prior to the completion of the
merger to the same extent that these persons were indemnified
pursuant to ONI Systems certificate of incorporation,
bylaws or any indemnification agreement immediately prior to the
merger. In addition, CIENA will cause the combined company to
use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in effect, if
available, directors and officers liability
insurance covering the individuals who are currently covered by
ONI Systems directors and officers insurance,
on terms that are comparable to those currently applicable to
ONI Systems directors and officers, provided that CIENA will not
be required to pay annual premiums for such individuals in
excess of 200% of the last annual premium paid by ONI Systems
for directors and officers liability insurance prior
to the date of the merger, but will at least maintain the level
of coverage that can be purchased for that amount.

Stockholder Agreements.

The following ONI Systems
directors and officers have entered into stockholder agreements
pursuant to which they have agreed to vote shares of ONI Systems
common stock over which they exercise voting control in favor of
the adoption of the merger agreement and the merger:

 

Hugh C. Martin, Chairman, President and Chief
	Executive Officer;

 

George Reyes, Interim Chief Financial Officer;

 

William R. Cumpston, Executive Vice President and
	Chief Operating Officer;

 

Michael A. Dillon, Vice President, General
	Counsel and Secretary;



 

Robert J. Jandro, Executive Vice President,
	Global Sales and Services;

 

Rohit Sharma, Founder and Chief Technology
	Officer;

 

Matthew W. Bross, Director;

 

Kevin Compton, Director;

 

Jonathan D. Feiber, Director;

 

James F. Jordan, Director; and

 

Gregory B. Maffei, Director.

The total number of shares of ONI Systems common
stock covered by these agreements
is                     ,
which represents approximately      %
of ONI Systems outstanding common stock as
of                     ,
2002.

Loan
Agreements.

ONI Systems
made loans to some of its officers and directors, evidenced by
promissory notes, which were used to purchase ONI Systems
restricted stock and early exercisable options. The promissory
notes provide that upon an officer or directors
termination of employment, the company has the right to
immediately accelerate the notes. Two loans were made to Michael
Dillon with a total outstanding balance of $102,407. A loan was
made to Hugh Martin, with a current balance of $1,726,576. The
promissory note issued by Robert Jandro, with an outstanding
balance of $2,451,164, was amended to allow for partial
prepayment in proportion to the amount of stock sold. All of the
promissory notes issued in exchange for the loans are secured by
shares of ONI Systems common stock.

Accounting Treatment

The merger will be accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting. CIENA will be deemed the acquiror
for financial reporting purposes. Under the purchase method of
accounting, the purchase price in the merger is allocated among
the ONI Systems assets acquired and the ONI Systems liabilities
assumed to the extent of their fair market value, with any
excess purchase price being allocated to goodwill.

Listing on The Nasdaq Stock Market

CIENA has agreed to cause the shares of CIENA
common stock issued in the merger to be approved for listing on
the Nasdaq Stock Market.

Governmental and Regulatory
Approvals

The Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and its related rules
and regulations prohibit ONI Systems and CIENA from completing
the merger until CIENA and ONI Systems each make a filing with
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the
Federal Trade Commission, and the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act waiting period requirements have been
satisfied. Even after the waiting period expires or terminates,
the Antitrust Division or the Federal Trade Commission may later
challenge the merger on antitrust grounds. CIENA made its
Hart-Scott-Rodino filing with the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission on
March 7, 2002. ONI Systems made its Hart-Scott-Rodino
filing with the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice
and the Federal Trade Commission on March 18, 2002. The
merger also may be subject to review by the governmental
authorities of various other jurisdictions under the antitrust
laws of those jurisdictions.

Federal Income Tax Consequences

The following discussion describes the material
federal income tax consequences of the exchange of shares of ONI
Systems common stock for CIENA common stock pursuant to the
merger that are generally applicable to holders of ONI Systems
common stock. This discussion is based on currently existing
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code), existing and proposed Treasury regulations
thereunder and current administrative rulings and court
decisions, all of



which are subject to change. Any such change,
which may or may not be retroactive, could alter the tax
consequences to ONI Systems stockholders as described herein.

ONI Systems stockholders should be aware that
this discussion does not deal with all federal income tax
considerations that may be relevant to particular ONI Systems
stockholders in light of their particular circumstances, such as
stockholders who are dealers in securities, who are subject to
the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Code, who are
foreign persons, insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations,
financial institutions, or broker-dealers, who hold their shares
as part of a hedge, straddle, conversion or other risk-reduction
transaction, who do not hold their ONI Systems common stock as
capital assets, or who acquired their shares in connection with
stock option or stock purchase plans or in other compensatory
transactions. In addition, the following discussion does not
address the tax consequences of the merger under foreign, state
or local tax laws, the tax consequences of transactions
effectuated prior or subsequent to, or concurrently with, the
merger (whether or not any such transactions are undertaken in
connection with the merger), including without limitation any
transaction in which shares of ONI Systems common stock are
acquired or shares of CIENA common stock are disposed of, or the
tax consequences of the assumption by CIENA of the ONI Systems
employee options or the tax consequences of any receipt of
rights to acquire CIENA common stock.

Accordingly, ONI Systems stockholders are
urged to consult their own tax advisors as to the specific tax
consequences to them of the merger, including the applicable
federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences.

Subject to the assumptions and limitations
discussed in such opinions, in the opinion of Hogan &
Hartson L.L.P., counsel to CIENA, and Fenwick & West
LLP, counsel to ONI Systems, the merger will be treated for
federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code if the merger is
completed under the current terms of the merger agreement.
Provided that the merger does so qualify as a reorganization,
then, subject to the limitations and qualifications referred to
herein, the merger will generally result in the following
federal income tax consequences to ONI Systems stockholders:

 

No gain or loss will be recognized by holders of
	ONI Systems common stock solely upon their receipt of CIENA
	common stock in exchange for ONI Systems common stock in the
	merger.

 

The aggregate tax basis of the ONI Systems common
	stock received by CIENA stockholders in the merger (including
	any fractional share interest in CIENA common stock) will be the
	same as the aggregate tax basis of the ONI Systems common stock
	surrendered in exchange therefor.

 

The holding period of the CIENA common stock
	received by ONI Systems stockholders in the merger will include
	the period for which the ONI Systems common stock surrendered in
	exchange therefor was considered to be held, provided that the
	ONI Systems common stock so surrendered is held as a capital
	asset at the time of the merger.

 

Any cash payment received by a holder of ONI
	Systems common stock in lieu of a fractional share of CIENA
	common stock will be treated as if such fractional share had
	been issued in the merger and then redeemed by CIENA. An ONI
	Systems stockholder receiving such cash will recognize gain or
	loss, upon such payment, measured by the difference, if any,
	between the amount of cash received and the basis in such
	fractional share. The gain or loss will be capital gain provided
	that the shares of ONI Systems common stock were held as capital
	assets and will be long term capital gain or loss if the ONI
	Systems common stock had been held for more than one year at the
	time of the merger. However, if the receipt of cash instead of
	fractional shares is essentially equivalent to a dividend
	(determined by application of Section 302 of the Code on a
	stockholder by stockholder basis) , some or all of this gain may
	be treated as a dividend and taxed as ordinary income.

Consummation of the merger is conditioned upon
the receipt by CIENA and ONI Systems of tax opinions to the
above effect from Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. and
Fenwick & West LLP, respectively, which will be dated
the date on which the merger is consummated. Such opinions of
counsel are based on certain representations as to factual
matters made by, among others, CIENA and ONI Systems. Such



representations, if incorrect, could jeopardize
the conclusions reached in the opinions. Neither CIENA nor ONI
Systems is currently aware of any facts or circumstances which
would cause any such representations made to counsel to be
untrue or incorrect in any material respect. Any opinion of
counsel is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the
courts. The parties have not and will not request a ruling from
the Internal Revenue Service as to the tax consequences of the
merger.

A successful Internal Revenue Service challenge
to the reorganization status of the merger would result in ONI
Systems stockholders recognizing taxable gain or loss with
respect to each share of ONI Systems common stock surrendered
equal to the difference between the stockholders basis in
such share and the fair market value, as of the effective time,
of the CIENA common stock received in exchange therefor. In such
event, a stockholders aggregate basis in the CIENA common
stock so received would equal its fair market value, and the
stockholders holding period for such stock would begin the
day after the merger.

          Federal
Backup Withholding

A holder of ONI Systems common stock may be
subject, under some circumstances, to backup withholding at a
rate of 30% with respect to the amount of cash, if any, received
in lieu of a fraction of a share of CIENA common stock in the
merger unless the holder provides proof of an applicable
exemption or a correct taxpayer identification number, and
otherwise complies with applicable requirements of the backup
withholding rules. Any amounts withheld under the backup
withholding rules are not an additional tax and may be refunded
or credited against the holders U.S. federal income
tax liability, provided the required information is furnished to
the Internal Revenue Service.

ONI Systems 5% Convertible Subordinated
	Notes Due October 15, 2005

CIENA will execute a supplemental indenture that
provides for the conversion of the ONI Systems $300,000,000
aggregate principal amount 5% convertible subordinated notes
into 5% convertible subordinated notes of CIENA, convertible
into CIENA common stock. Upon consummation of the merger, the
notes will become debt obligations of CIENA, immediately
convertible into approximately 7.7525 shares of CIENA common
stock for each $1,000 in principal amount held, subject to
adjustment.



TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS

The following summary of the material terms
and provisions of the merger agreement is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the merger agreement. The merger
agreement is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference.
All stockholders are urged to read the merger agreement
carefully.

General

The merger agreement provides that ONI Systems
will be merged with and into CIENA, at the effective time of the
merger. Pursuant to the merger agreement, ONI Systems will cease
to exist and CIENA will be the surviving corporation. At the
effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of ONI
Systems common stock will be converted into CIENA common stock,
all as more fully described below.

This section of the joint proxy
statement/prospectus describes aspects of the merger, including
the material provisions of the merger agreement.

Structure of the Merger

Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger
agreement and in accordance with the Delaware General
Corporation Law, the DGCL, at the effective time of the merger,
ONI Systems will merge with and into CIENA. ONI Systems will
then cease to exist, and CIENA will continue as the surviving
company. The certificate of incorporation of CIENA will be the
certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation. The
bylaws of CIENA will be the bylaws of the surviving corporation
and the board of directors and the officers of CIENA will remain
the board of directors and officers of the surviving corporation.

Management and Operations After the
Merger

Following the merger, CIENA will integrate all of
ONI Systems operations into its own. All of the officers
and directors of CIENA before the merger will remain officers
and directors of CIENA after the merger. The stockholders of ONI
Systems will become stockholders of CIENA, and their rights as
stockholders will be governed by CIENAs articles of
incorporation and bylaws, each as currently in effect, and the
laws of the State of Delaware.

Treatment of Stock, Options and
Warrants

At the effective time of the merger, each issued
and outstanding share of ONI Systems common stock, other than
shares held in the treasury of ONI Systems, by CIENA or by any
direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of ONI Systems or
CIENA, will be converted into 0.7104 shares of CIENA common
stock. Each share of CIENA common stock issued in the merger
will include the corresponding fraction of a right to purchase
shares of junior preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share,
pursuant to the Rights Agreement dated as of December 29,
1997 between CIENA and Equiserve Trust Co., N.A. (formerly
BankBoston, N.A.) as Rights Agent, as amended. If there is a
change in the number of shares of CIENA common stock
outstanding, under certain circumstances the exchange ratio will
be adjusted.

Each share of ONI Systems common stock held in
the treasury of ONI Systems, by CIENA or by any direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of ONI Systems or of CIENA will
be canceled and extinguished at the effective time of the merger
without the payment of any consideration.

CIENA will assume each option or warrant to
acquire ONI Systems common stock granted under ONI Systems
stock plan or otherwise issued by ONI Systems and that is
outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger, and at the effective time of the merger,
CIENA will replace them with an option or warrant, respectively,
to purchase CIENA common stock. In each case, the number of
shares of CIENA common stock subject to the new CIENA option or
warrant will be equal to the number of shares of ONI Systems
common stock subject to the ONI Systems stock option or



warrant, assuming full vesting, multiplied by
0.7104 (and rounding any fractional share down to the nearest
whole share) and the exercise price per share of CIENA common
stock will be equal to the aggregate exercise price per share of
ONI common stock subject to the ONI Systems stock option or
warrant divided by 0.7104. The duration and other terms of each
such CIENA option or warrant, including the vesting schedule,
will be the same as the prior ONI Systems stock option or
warrant.

CIENA has agreed under the terms of the merger
agreement to assume ONI Systems commitment to issue
options to certain employees in accordance with the terms of ONI
Systems offer to exchange dated October 19, 2001.
Accordingly, if the merger closes before the replacement option
grant date which will be no earlier than May 20, 2002,
CIENA will issue the replacement options, and the number of
shares subject to the replacement options will be determined by
multiplying the number of shares of ONI Systems common stock
that would have been covered by each option by 0.7104. The
exercise price of the replacement options will be the fair
market value of CIENAs common stock on the grant date. If
the merger closes after the replacement option grant date, ONI
Systems will issue the replacement options, which will then be
converted to CIENA options at the exchange ratio following the
closing of the merger. In addition to the foregoing, CIENA has
assumed ONI Systems commitment to issue options to certain
overseas employees of ONI Systems who were not eligible to
participate in the Offer to Exchange. Options to purchase up to
5,159,535 shares of CIENA common stock may be issued under the
offer to exchange and options to purchase up to 386,330 shares
of CIENA common stock may be issued to employees of ONI Systems
based overseas.

CIENA has agreed under the terms of the merger
agreement to assume ONI Systems employee stock purchase
plan and the related commitment to issue and sell shares under
the plan. Each assumed purchase right shall continue to have,
and be subject to, the terms and conditions set forth in the
employee stock purchase plan except that the number of shares of
CIENA common stock issuable upon exercise thereof will equal the
number of shares of ONI Systems common stock otherwise issuable
multiplied by 0.7104 and the purchase price of the CIENA common
stock on the purchase date thereof will be the lower of:

 

85% of the fair market value per share of ONI
	Systems common stock on the offering date under the plan for the
	purchase period divided by 0.7104; and

 

85% of the fair market value per share of CIENA
	common stock on the applicable purchase date.

Exchange of Certificates; Fractional
Shares

CIENA has agreed to deposit with a bank or trust
company designated as exchange agent by CIENA for the benefit of
the holders of issued and outstanding shares of ONI Systems
common stock, certificates representing the shares of CIENA
common stock to be issued pursuant to the merger agreement.

At the earliest practicable date after the
effective time of the merger, the exchange agent will mail a
letter of transmittal to each holder of record of ONI Systems
common stock. The letter of transmittal will contain
instructions with respect to the surrender of stock certificates
to the exchange agent.

You should not return your stock certificates
with the enclosed proxy nor should you forward them to the
exchange agent unless and until you receive the letter of
transmittal, at which time you should forward them only in
accordance with the instructions specified in the letter of
transmittal.

Until the holders of certificates representing
ONI Systems common stock to be converted into CIENA common stock
in the merger surrender them for exchange at or after the
effective time of the merger, they will accrue but will not
receive dividends or other distributions declared after the
effective time of the merger with respect to CIENA common stock
into which their ONI Systems stock has been converted. When they
surrender such certificates, any unpaid dividends or other
distributions will be paid, without interest. All stock
certificates presented after the effective time of the merger
will be canceled and exchanged for a certificate representing
the applicable number of shares of CIENA common stock.



CIENA will not issue any fractional shares.
Instead, each ONI Systems stockholder who would otherwise
have been entitled to receive a fractional share of CIENA common
stock will receive cash, without interest, in an amount rounded
to the nearest whole cent, determined by multiplying
(1) the per share closing price on Nasdaq of CIENA common
stock on the closing date (or, if the CIENA common stock is not
trading on Nasdaq on that date, the first day of trading in
CIENA common stock on Nasdaq thereafter) by (2) the
fraction of a share of CIENA common stock to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled.

Any shares of CIENA common stock and cash that
the exchange agent has not distributed six months after the
effective time of the merger will be delivered to CIENA upon
demand. Certificates representing ONI Systems common stock must
thereafter be surrendered for exchange to CIENA. Neither CIENA,
ONI Systems, nor the exchange agent will be liable for any
shares of CIENA common stock, dividends or distributions with
respect thereto, or cash delivered to a public official pursuant
to any abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

If a certificate representing ONI Systems common
stock is lost, stolen or destroyed, the exchange agent will
issue the CIENA common stock in exchange for the certificate
only upon the making of an affidavit of such loss, theft or
destruction by the claimant, and, if required by CIENA, the
posting of a bond as indemnity against any claim that may be
made against CIENA or the exchange agent with respect to such
certificate.

For a description of the CIENA common stock and a
description of the differences between the rights of the holders
of CIENA common stock and holders of ONI Systems common stock,
see CIENA Capital Stock and Comparison of Stockholder
Rights.

Effective Time

The merger will occur after specified conditions
set forth in Article VI of the merger agreement have been
satisfied or waived. On the second business day after the
satisfaction or waiver of these conditions, the parties will
hold a scheduled closing. On the day the merger occurs, CIENA
will file a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware. The effective time of the merger will be
the date and time of such filing. CIENA and ONI Systems each
anticipate that, if the merger is approved at the special
meetings, it will be consummated during the second or third
calendar quarter of 2002. However, a delay in obtaining
governmental consents required prior to consummation of the
transactions contemplated in the merger agreement could delay
the merger. There can be no assurances as to if or when such
governmental consents will be obtained or that the merger will
be consummated.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains various
representations of CIENA and ONI Systems. CIENA and ONI Systems
make customary representations and warranties to each other
relating to, among other things:

 

the corporate organization and existence of each
	company, including that it is duly organized, validly existing
	and in good standing with the corporate power and authority to
	own, operate and lease its properties and to carry on its
	business as currently conducted;

 

the certificate of incorporation and bylaws or
	other organizational documents of each company;

 

the capitalization of each company, including the
	number of shares of capital stock authorized, the number of
	shares and rights to acquire shares outstanding and the number
	of shares reserved for issuance;

 

the corporate power and authority of each company
	to execute and deliver the merger agreement and related
	documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated
	thereby;

 

the compliance of the merger agreement and
	related documents with (1) each companys certificate
	of incorporation and bylaws and the certificate or articles of
	incorporation and bylaws of



each companys subsidiaries,
	(2) applicable laws, and (3) certain material
	agreements of each company, including the absence of events of
	default thereunder;

 

the required governmental and third-party
	consents;

 

the possession and validity of all required
	licenses, the filing of required regulatory reports and
	compliance with applicable laws by each company;

 

each companys financial statements,
	including that the information in the financial statements is a
	fair presentation of the financial condition and results of
	operations of each company and is in compliance with GAAP;

 

the absence of material undisclosed liabilities;

 

the absence of certain changes in ONI
	Systems business since December 31, 2000 and in
	CIENAs business since October 31, 2001;

 

the absence of material legal proceedings,
	injunctions and disputes;

 

the validity of and absence of defaults under
	certain debt instruments, leases and other agreements of each
	company;

 

compliance with laws relating to employees or the
	workplace, and the absence of material disputes with employees;

 

the filing and accuracy of each companys
	tax returns;

 

the absence of certain business practices of each
	company;

 

knowledge regarding customer and supplier
	relationships;

 

the ownership and condition of the assets owned
	by each company;

 

complete and correct books and records;

 

the absence of intellectual property infringement
	or contests;

 

the absence of brokers or finders other than
	Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley;

 

the treatment of the merger as a reorganization
	under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

 

compliance with environmental laws and the
	absence of environmental liabilities; and

 

true and complete copies of all documents.

ONI Systems makes additional representations and
warranties to CIENA regarding:

 

its employee benefit plans and related matters,
	including that the plans have been operated and administered in
	accordance with applicable laws;

 

insurance;

 

related party transactions; and

 

the inapplicability of state anti-takeover
	statutes to the merger.

CIENA makes an additional representation to ONI
Systems that the shares of CIENA common stock to be issued in
the merger will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable.



Business of ONI Systems and CIENA Pending the
Merger; Other Agreements

Pursuant to the merger agreement, ONI Systems and
CIENA have each agreed to maintain its business in the ordinary
course consistent with past practice. From the date of signing
of the merger agreement until closing, each company will:

 

maintain its existence in good standing;

 

maintain the character of its business and
	properties and conduct its business in the ordinary and usual
	manner consistent with past practices, except as expressly
	permitted by the merger agreement;

 

maintain business and accounting records
	consistent with past practices; and

 

use its best efforts (1) to preserve its
	business intact, (2) to keep available to it the services of its
	present officers and employees, and (3) to preserve for it
	the goodwill of its suppliers, customers and others having
	business relations with it.

Interim
Operations of ONI Systems:

Unless CIENA otherwise approves, ONI Systems and
its subsidiaries may not:

 

amend or otherwise change its certificate of
	incorporation or bylaws;

 

issue any stock or grant any options with certain
	exceptions in the ordinary course, including under its option
	program;

 

declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or
	other distribution, payable in cash, stock, property or
	otherwise with respect to any of its capital stock;

 

reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or redeem,
	purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of
	its capital stock, except for repurchases from terminated
	employees;

 

incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or
	issue any debt securities or assume, guarantee or endorse, or
	otherwise become responsible for, the obligations of any person,
	or make any loans or advances, with certain exceptions;

 

acquire, including, without limitation, by
	merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets, any
	corporation, partnership, other business organization or any
	division thereof or any material amount of assets;

 

enter into any contract or agreement other than
	in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
	practice;

 

authorize any capital commitment or capital lease
	which is in excess of $100,000 or capital expenditures which
	are, in the aggregate, in excess of $100,000 or are not included
	on ONI Systems capital budget for 2002;

 

mortgage, pledge or subject to encumbrance any of
	its material assets or properties, or agree to do so, other than
	in the ordinary course of business;

 

assume, guarantee or otherwise become responsible
	for the obligations of any other person or agree to so do;

 

enter into or agree to enter into any employment
	agreement, other than offer letters or letter agreements entered
	into in the ordinary course of business;

 

increase the compensation of its officers or
	employees, or grant any severance or termination pay to, or
	enter into any severance agreement with any director, officer or
	other employee of ONI Systems, or establish, adopt, enter into
	or amend any collective bargaining, bonus, profit sharing,
	thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted stock, pension,
	retirement, deferred compensation, employment, termination,
	severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or
	arrangement for the benefit of any such director, officer or
	employee except for reasonable salary increases in connection



with customary officer and employee performance
	review process, customary bonuses consistent with past
	practices, and amendments to existing employee benefit plans as
	necessary to maintain compliance with applicable laws;

 

change in any respect its accounting policies or
	procedures, including, without limitation, procedures with
	respect to the payment of accounts payable and collection of
	accounts receivables except as required by GAAP;

 

make any tax election or settle or compromise any
	federal, state, local or foreign material income tax liability
	in excess of $50,000;

 

settle or compromise any material pending or
	threatened suit, action or claim;

 

pay, discharge or satisfy any claim, liability or
	obligation, other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction,
	in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
	practice, of liabilities reflected or reserved against in the
	latest balance sheet included in the last audited financial
	statement provided to CIENA or subsequently incurred in the
	ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;

 

sell, assign, transfer, license or sublicense,
	other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent
	with past practice, pledge or otherwise encumber any of the
	intellectual property rights;

 

initiate any litigation against a third party;

 

adopt any stockholder rights or similar plans; or

 

agree to do any of the foregoing.

     Interim
Operations of CIENA:

Unless ONI Systems otherwise approves, CIENA may
not:

 

declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or
	other distribution, payable in cash, stock, property or
	otherwise with respect to any of its capital stock;

 

redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its
	capital stock;

 

acquire, including, without limitation, by
	merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets, any
	corporation, partnership, other business organization or any
	division thereof or any material amount of assets for a purchase
	price having a value in excess of 34 million shares of
	CIENA common stock;

 

amend or otherwise change its certificate of
	incorporation or bylaws; or

 

agree to do any of the foregoing.

No Solicitation by ONI Systems

Pursuant to the merger agreement,
ONI Systems may not, nor may it authorize or permit any of
its affiliates or any officer, director, employee, investment
banker, attorney or other adviser or representative of ONI
Systems or any of its affiliates to:

 

solicit, initiate, or encourage the submission
	of, any acquisition proposal;

 

enter into any agreement with respect to any
	acquisition proposal; or

 

participate in any discussions or negotiations
	regarding, or furnish to any person any information for the
	purpose of facilitating the making of, or take any other action
	to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
	constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any
	acquisition proposal.



The merger agreement does not preclude
ONI Systems from, prior to receipt of the requisite
stockholder approval, providing information to (subject to
appropriate confidentiality protections), or entering into
negotiations with, a person who has delivered an unsolicited
written bona fide acquisition proposal, so long as in each case:

 

the board of directors of ONI Systems
	determines in good faith, after receiving the advice of its
	financial advisor and outside legal counsel, that the
	acquisition proposal, if accepted, is reasonably likely to be
	consummated;

 

the board of directors of ONI Systems
	determines in good faith, after receiving the advice of its
	financial advisor, that the acquisition proposal would, if
	consummated, result in a transaction that is more favorable to
	the ONI Systems stockholders with respect to financial
	terms and, if applicable, strategic benefit, taking into account
	the long-term value to stockholders of the CIENA shares being
	issued and the strategic nature of the merger; and

 

the board of directors of ONI Systems
	determines in good faith, after receiving advice of its outside
	legal counsel, that taking such action is required or necessary
	in order to fulfill its fiduciary duties under applicable law.

ONI Systems must promptly advise CIENA of any
acquisition proposal and inquiries with respect to any
acquisition proposal. Acquisition proposal means any proposal
for a merger or other business combination involving
ONI Systems or any proposal or offer to acquire in any
manner, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the equity
securities, voting securities, or assets of ONI Systems.

The merger agreement provides that the ONI
Systems board of directors may not withdraw, amend, modify or
qualify in a manner adverse to CIENA its recommendation of the
merger to its stockholders unless it provides CIENA with three
business days prior notice, it has otherwise complied in
all respects with its obligations under the merger agreement,
and after receiving the advice of its outside legal counsel, the
ONI Systems board of directors determines in good faith
that it is required to withdraw, amend or modify its
recommendation in order to satisfy its fiduciary duties to
ONI Systems stockholders under applicable law.

Additional Agreements of CIENA and ONI
Systems

Pursuant to the merger agreement, CIENA and
ONI Systems have also agreed to use their reasonable best
efforts to take all necessary, proper or appropriate actions to
consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement. In accordance with its certificate of incorporation
and bylaws, CIENA and ONI Systems will take all action
necessary to convene a meeting or meetings of the holders of
CIENA and ONI Systems stock, as appropriate, to be held as
promptly as practicable after the S-4 registration statement is
declared effective.

Subject to the fiduciary duty exceptions
described below, each board of directors:

 

will recommend approval by its stockholders;

 

will not withdraw or modify its recommendation;
	and

 

will take all lawful action to solicit
	stockholder approval as promptly as possible.

Each board of directors may withdraw, amend,
modify or qualify in a manner adverse to the other its
recommendation upon three business days notice, by following the
procedures described above in the last paragraph of
 No Solicitation by ONI Systems.

Directors and Officers Insurance
and Indemnification

CIENA has agreed to fulfill and honor in all
respects the indemnification agreements ONI Systems has
previously entered into with its officers and directors and to
fulfill and honor any indemnification provisions of
ONI Systems charter documents. The merger agreement
provides that all rights to indemnification for present and
former officers and directors of ONI Systems will survive the
merger and



continue in full force and effect for a period of
not less than six years from the date of the completion of the
merger in the case of certain omissions.

Conditions Precedent to Each Partys
Obligation to Effect the Merger

The following conditions must be satisfied before
the merger can become effective:

 

All applicable waiting periods under the
	Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and any foreign competition laws, where a
	filing and waiting period are required, have expired or been
	terminated;

 

CIENA and ONI Systems have obtained all
	authorizations, consents, orders, declarations or approvals of,
	or filings with, any governmental authority required in
	connection with the merger, which the failure to obtain, make or
	occur would have the effect of making the merger or any of the
	transactions contemplated by it illegal or would have a material
	adverse effect on CIENA or a material adverse effect on
	ONI Systems, assuming the merger had taken place;

 

No governmental entity enacts, issues,
	promulgates, enforces or enters any statute, rule, regulation,
	judgment, decree, injunction or other order which is in effect
	and which makes the merger illegal or otherwise prohibits
	consummation of the merger;

 

The S-4 Registration Statement must have
	become effective under the Securities Act, and there must be no
	stop order or threat of proceedings by the SEC to suspend the
	effectiveness of the S-4; and

 

Holders of CIENA common stock and ONI Systems
	common stock must approve the merger.

Conditions Precedent to Obligations of
CIENA

CIENAs obligations to effect the merger are
subject to the fulfillment or satisfaction, prior to or on the
closing date, of each of the following conditions:

 

ONI Systems must have performed and complied in
	all material respects with all agreements and conditions to be
	performed prior to or on the closing date;

 

Each of ONI Systems representations
	and warranties in the merger agreement must be true and correct
	as of the closing, except for changes permitted by the merger
	agreement or where the failure to be true and correct would not
	have or be reasonably likely to result in a material adverse
	effect on ONI Systems;

 

No event, occurrence, development or change shall
	have occurred that has or is reasonably likely to have a
	material adverse effect on ONI Systems;

 

Certain individuals shall have executed affiliate
	letters and/or stockholder agreements;

 

ONI Systems must have received certain
	specified consents or waivers, in form and substance
	satisfactory to CIENA, from the other parties to certain
	contracts, leases or agreements to which ONI Systems is a
	party; and

 

CIENA must have received the opinion of
	Hogan & Hartson L.L.P., counsel to CIENA, dated as of
	the closing date, to the effect that the merger will qualify as
	a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal
	Revenue Code.

Conditions Precedent to ONI Systems
Obligations

ONI Systems obligations to effect the
merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following
conditions prior to the closing date:

 

CIENA must have performed and complied in all
	material respects with all agreements and conditions to be
	performed prior to or on the closing date;



 

Each of CIENAs representations and
	warranties in the merger agreement must be true and correct in
	all material respects as of the closing date, except for changes
	permitted by the merger agreement or where the failure to be
	true and correct would not have or be reasonably likely to
	result in a material adverse effect on CIENA;

 

No event, occurrence, development or change shall
	have occurred that has or is reasonably likely to have a
	material adverse affect on CIENA; and

 

ONI Systems must have received the opinion of
	Fenwick & West, LLP, counsel to ONI Systems, dated
	as of the closing date, to the effect that the merger will
	qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
	Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

The term material adverse effect, as
defined in the merger agreement with respect to CIENA and
ONI Systems, means a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition, assets, liabilities or results of
operations of either company and its subsidiaries, with certain
exceptions, including:

 

any failure to meet analysts published
	revenue or earnings predictions for any period ending on or
	after the date of the merger agreement;

 

any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence,
	state of facts or development attributable to conditions
	affecting generally the industry in which CIENA or ONI Systems
	participates, the US economy as a whole or foreign economies in
	any locations where CIENA or ONI Systems have material
	operations, sales, or customers, except an adverse change,
	effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development that
	has a materially disproportionate impact on the affected party;
	and

 

any adverse change resulting from the
	announcement or pendency of the merger.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement may be terminated, and the
merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the closing date:

 

by the mutual written agreement of the boards of
	directors of CIENA and ONI Systems;

 

by CIENA or ONI Systems if:

* 

the closing date has not occurred by
	September 30, 2002; provided that the right to terminate
	the merger agreement is not available to any party who has
	caused the delay in the closing date by failing to fulfill its
	obligations under the merger agreement;

* 

the approval of CIENAs and
	ONI Systems stockholders, as required by the merger
	agreement, has not been obtained at a meeting convened for that
	purpose; or

* 

any court of competent jurisdiction in the United
	States or other United States governmental authority issues an
	order or takes any other final and non-appealable action
	restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the merger.

 

by ONI Systems if:

* 

ONI Systems board of directors
	authorizes ONI Systems, subject to complying with the merger
	agreement, to enter into a binding written agreement concerning
	a superior proposal and CIENA does not make, within five
	business days of receipt of notification of
	ONI Systems intent, an offer that the
	ONI Systems board of directors determines in good faith,
	after consultation with its outside legal counsel and its
	financial advisors, is at least as favorable as the superior
	proposal, taking into account the strategic benefit and
	long-term value to stockholders of the revised merger
	consideration and the strategic nature of the proposed merger
	with CIENA, as applicable;



* 

CIENA or its board of directors shall have
	withdrawn, modified or amended in any respect adverse to
	ONI Systems its recommendation in favor of the merger or
	failed to reconfirm its recommendation within 5 business
	days of a written request of ONI Systems to do so;

* 

CIENA shall have failed to mail the joint proxy
	statement/prospectus to its stockholders as promptly as possible
	or failed to include the CIENA board of directors recommendation
	in the joint proxy statement/ prospectus;

* 

CIENA shall have taken specified steps toward the
	approval or consummation of any acquisition proposal, as a
	result of which CIENA would be acquired by any third party, or
	any offer whereby a third party would acquire 10% or more of
	CIENAs securities or assets, or CIENA shall have failed to
	recommend rejection of a tender or exchange offer that is
	conditioned on termination of the merger with ONI Systems; or

* 

CIENA materially breaches any representation,
	warranty, covenant or agreement in the merger agreement, and
	fails to cure the breach thirty days after receiving written
	notice of it, if the effect of the breach would be or would be
	likely to result in a material adverse effect on CIENA.

 

by CIENA if

* 

ONI Systems board of directors has
	withdrawn, modified or amended in any respect adverse to CIENA
	its recommendation in favor of the merger or failed to reconfirm
	its recommendation within 5 business days of a written
	request of CIENA to do so;

* 

ONI Systems has approved, publicly
	recommended or entered into an agreement with respect to, or
	consummated, or adopted a resolution to approve, publicly
	recommend, enter into an agreement with respect to, or
	consummate any acquisition proposal from a person other than
	CIENA or any of its affiliates;

* 

ONI Systems fails to recommend rejection of
	a tender or exchange offer made by a third party;

* 

ONI Systems shall have failed to mail the
	joint proxy statement/ prospectus to its stockholders as
	promptly as possible or failed to include the ONI Systems
	board of directors recommendation in the joint proxy
	statement/prospectus; or

* 

ONI Systems materially breaches any
	representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in the merger
	agreement, and fails to cure the breach thirty days after
	receiving notice of it, if the effect of the breach would be or
	would be likely to result in a material adverse effect on
	ONI Systems.

If the merger agreement is terminated by ONI
Systems due to a superior proposal, or by CIENA because
ONI Systems board of directors withdraws, amends or
modifies its recommendation in favor of the merger, because
ONI Systems fails to mail the joint proxy statement/
prospectus to its stockholders as promptly as possible or fails
to include the board of directors recommendation in the
joint proxy statement/ prospectus, because ONI Systems
approves an acquisition proposal from a person other than CIENA
or because ONI Systems fails to recommend rejection of a
tender offer by a person other than CIENA, then ONI Systems must
pay CIENA a termination fee of $36.7 million, as well as
reimbursement of up to $2 million for expenses incurred in
the merger negotiation. However, except as described in the next
sentence, ONI Systems will have no obligation to pay a
termination fee or to reimburse CIENAs expenses if the
merger agreement is terminated by CIENA as a result of a
modification, withdrawal or amendment in a manner adverse to
CIENA of ONI Systems board of directors
recommendation to its stockholders and the principal reason for
the change is a development or combination of developments
relating to CIENA that, individually or in the aggregate, has
had or is reasonably likely to result in a material adverse
effect on CIENA. ONI Systems will also be required to pay
the $36.7 million termination fee and to reimburse CIENAs
out-of-pocket expenses if the merger agreement is terminated by
either party as a result of the failure to obtain stockholder
consent or by



CIENA in the event of a change in the ONI Systems
board of directors recommendation for reasons relating to
a material adverse effect on CIENA, if:

 

at the time of ONI Systems stockholders
	meeting to vote on the merger or the change in the board of
	directors recommendation, as applicable, any person shall
	have made an acquisition proposal to ONI Systems or any of its
	stockholders that is then publicly known or shall have publicly
	announced an intention to make an acquisition proposal with
	respect to ONI Systems; and

 

ONI Systems enters into an agreement concerning a
	transaction that constitutes an acquisition proposal within
	12 months of termination of the merger agreement.

In the event of termination of the merger
agreement by ONI Systems because CIENAs board of directors
withdraws, amends or modifies its recommendation in favor of the
merger, because CIENA fails to mail the joint proxy
statement/prospectus to its stockholders as promptly as possible
or fails to include the board of directors recommendation
in the joint proxy statement/prospectus, because CIENA takes
specified steps toward the approval or consummation of any
acquisition proposal as a result of which CIENA would be
acquired by any third party, or a third party will acquire 10%
or more of CIENAs securities or assets, that is
conditioned on termination of the merger with ONI Systems or
CIENA fails to recommend rejection of a tender offer, then CIENA
must pay ONI Systems a termination fee of $36.7 million, as
well as reimbursement of up to $2 million for expenses
incurred in the merger negotiation. However, except as described
in the next sentence, CIENA will have no obligation to pay a
termination fee or to reimburse ONI Systems expenses if
the merger agreement is terminated by ONI Systems as a result of
a modification, withdrawal or amendment in a manner adverse to
ONI Systems of CIENAs board of directors
recommendation to its stockholders and the principal reason for
the change is a development or combination of developments
relating to ONI Systems that, individually or in the aggregate,
has had or is reasonably likely to result in a material adverse
effect on ONI Systems. CIENA will be required to pay a
$87.2 million termination fee, less amounts previously
paid, and to reimburse ONI Systems out-of-pocket expenses
if the merger agreement is terminated by either party as a
result of the failure to obtain stockholder consent or by ONI
Systems in the event of a change in the CIENA board of
directors recommendation for reasons relating to a
material adverse effect on ONI Systems, if:

 

at the time of CIENAs stockholders meeting
	to vote on the merger or the change in the board of directors
	recommendation, as applicable, any person shall have made an
	acquisition proposal to CIENA or any of its stockholders that is
	then publicly known or shall have publicly announced an
	intention to make an acquisition proposal with respect to CIENA;
	and

 

CIENA enters into an agreement concerning that
	transaction that constitutes an acquisition proposal within
	12 months of termination of the merger agreement.

Waiver and Amendment of the Merger
Agreement

At any time prior to the effective time of the
merger, the parties to the merger agreement may agree in writing
to:

 

extend the time for the performance of any
	obligation or other act required to be performed under the
	merger agreement;

 

waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
	warranties contained in the merger agreement or in any document
	delivered pursuant to the merger agreement;

 

waive compliance with any of the agreements or
	conditions contained in the merger agreement; or

 

amend the merger agreement.



Expenses

CIENA and ONI Systems will pay their own expenses
incidental to the preparation of the merger agreement, the
carrying out of the provisions of the merger agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.

Stockholder Agreements

Certain directors and officers of ONI Systems
owning approximately 11.5% of the ONI Systems common stock
outstanding as
of                         ,
2002 have signed stockholder agreements in which they have
agreed to do the following:

 

vote in favor of adopting and approving the terms
	of the merger agreement;

 

vote against any alternative acquisition
	proposal; and

 

vote against any amendment of ONI Systems
	certificate of incorporation or bylaws, which amendment would in
	any manner impede, frustrate, prevent or nullify the merger or
	the merger agreement or change in any manner the voting rights
	of any class of capital stock of ONI Systems.

These stockholders have also agreed not to:

 

sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise
	dispose of, or enter into any contract, option or other
	arrangement (including any profit-sharing arrangement) with
	respect to the transfer of their ONI Systems shares to any
	person, subject to limited exceptions;

 

enter into any voting arrangement, whether by
	proxy, voting agreement or otherwise, in relation to their ONI
	Systems shares; or

 

permit any affiliate, director, officer,
	employee, investment banker, attorney or other advisor or
	representative of the stockholder to (i) directly or
	indirectly solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage the
	submission of, any alternative acquisition proposal or
	(ii) directly or indirectly participate in any discussions
	or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any
	information with respect to, or facilitate any inquiries or the
	making of any proposal that constitutes or may lead to, any
	alternative acquisition proposal.

The form of this stockholder agreement is
attached as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Restrictions on Resales by
Affiliates

The shares of CIENA stock to be issued to ONI
Systems stockholders in the merger have been registered
under the Securities Act. These shares may be traded freely and
without restriction by those stockholders not deemed to be
affiliates of ONI Systems as that term is defined
under the Securities Act. An affiliate of a corporation, as
defined by the rules promulgated under the Securities Act, is a
person who directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, that corporation. Any transfer by an affiliate of
ONI Systems must be one permitted by the resale provisions of
Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act. If an ONI
Systems affiliate becomes an affiliate of CIENA, any transfer
must be permitted by the resale provisions of Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act or otherwise permitted
under the Securities Act. These restrictions are expected to
apply to the executive officers and directors of ONI Systems.
Affiliates of ONI Systems have agreed to comply with these
restrictions. In addition, pursuant to affiliate agreements
executed by Messrs. Martin, Cumpston and Sharma, these executive
officers have agreed not to sell shares of CIENA received in the
merger for a period of 180 days after the completion of the
merger. The form of affiliate agreement executed by Messrs.
Martin, Cumpston and Sharma is attached as Annex C to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The following unaudited pro forma combined
financial statements present the effect of the pending merger
between CIENA and ONI Systems as if the merger had been
completed on November 1, 2000 for results of operations
purposes and on January 31, 2002 for balance sheet
purposes. Due to different fiscal periods for CIENA and ONI
Systems, the January 31, 2002 pro forma combined balance
sheet is based upon the historical consolidated balance sheet
data of CIENA as of January 31, 2002, and the historical
balance sheet data of ONI Systems as of December 31, 2001.
The October 31, 2001 pro forma combined statement of
operations includes the historical consolidated statement of
operations data of CIENA for the twelve months ended
October 31, 2001 and the consolidated historical statement
of operations data of ONI Systems for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2001. The January 31, 2002 pro forma
combined statement of operations includes the historical
consolidated statement of operations data of CIENA for the three
months ended January 31, 2002 and the consolidated
historical statement of operations data of ONI Systems for the
three months ended December 31, 2001. Due to the difference
in year ends, the ONI Systems fourth quarter 2001 operating
results are included in both the year ended October 31,
2001 and three months ended January 31, 2002 pro forma
operating results. On March 29, 2001, CIENA acquired Cyras
Systems, Inc. in a purchase business combination. Due to the
significance of that acquisition, the CIENA pro forma operating
results include adjustments to reflect the acquisition of Cyras
Systems as of November 1, 2000.

The unaudited pro forma combined financial data
is based on estimates and assumptions which are preliminary and
have been made solely for the purposes of developing these
unaudited pro forma combined financial data. The unaudited pro
forma combined financial data is not necessarily an indication
of the results that would have been achieved had the transaction
been consummated as of the dates indicated or results that may
be achieved in the future.

This unaudited pro forma combined consolidated
financial data should be read in conjunction with the summary
selected historical consolidated financial data and the
unaudited pro forma combined consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes contained elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the separate historical consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes of CIENA, Cyras
Systems, Inc. and ONI Systems incorporated by reference into
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See the section entitled
Where You Can Find More Information beginning on
page      of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE
SHEET

As of January 31, 2002

(in thousands)

Historical

January 31, 2002

Pro Forma

January 31,

December 31

CIENA

ONI Systems

Adjustments

Combined

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

472,533

$

338,511

$

(9,245

)A

$

801,799

Short-term investments

1,051,117

26,457

1,077,574

Accounts receivable, net

150,221

43,945

194,166

Inventory

250,191

53,836

304,027

Deferred income taxes

60,234



60,234

Prepaid expenses and other

47,110

11,114

58,224

Total current assets

2,031,406

473,863

(9,245

)

2,496,024

Long-term investments

416,330

313,834

730,164

Equipment, furniture and fixtures, net

316,039

97,286

413,325

Goodwill

178,891

10,946

351,477

A

541,314

Other intangible assets, net

46,061

12,519

16,381

A

74,961

Deferred income taxes

160,496



160,496

Other assets

69,555

7,907

77,462

Total assets

$

3,218,778

$

916,355

$

358,613

$

4,493,746

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Current liabilities

Accounts payable

$

46,962

$

8,953

$



$

55,915

Accrued liabilities

125,883

44,076

169,959

Income taxes payable

6,399



6,399

Deferred revenue

21,435

5,281

26,716

Other current obligations

1,159

1,376

Convertible notes payable

176,533



176,533

Total current liabilities

378,371

58,527



436,898

Deferred income taxes

58,318



58,318

Long-term deferred revenue

17,984



17,984

Other long-term obligations

5,740

5,788

Convertible notes payable

690,000

300,000

990,000

Total liabilities

1,150,413

358,575



1,508,988

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock







Common stock

3,286

A

4,283

Additional paid-in capital

3,676,192

941,247

(18,727

)A, C

4,598,712

Notes receivable from stockholders

(2,453

)

(4,124

)

(6,577

)

Accumulated other comprehensive income

5,347

1,419

(1,419

)A

5,347

Accumulated deficit

(1,614,007

)

(380,776

)

377,776

A

(1,617,007

)

Total stockholders equity

2,068,365

557,780

358,613

2,984,758

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

$

3,218,778

$

916,355

$

358,613

$

4,493,746



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

Year Ended October 31, 2001

(In thousands, except per share
data)

Pro Forma

Historical

Pro Forma

October 31,

December 31,

Combined

October 31,

CIENA

ONI SYSTEMS

Adjustments

Revenue

$

1,603,229

$

195,680

$



$

1,798,909

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of $0, $4,141,
	$2,800 and $6,941 deferred stock compensation costs)

904,549

166,616



1,071,165

Gross profit

698,680

29,064



727,744

Operating expenses

Research and development (exclusive of $26,185,
	$11,205, $2,562 and $39,952 deferred stock compensation costs)

284,885

78,355



363,240

Sales and marketing (exclusive of $10,791,
	$7,937, $5,027 and $23,755 deferred stock compensation costs)

152,476

51,322



203,798

General and administrative (exclusive of $18,066,
	$3,726, $1,092 and $22,884 deferred stock compensation costs)

65,105

26,767

91,872

Deferred stock compensation costs

55,042

27,009

11,481

C

93,532

Amortization of goodwill

300,301

3,981

(3,981

)D

300,301

Amortization of intangible assets

8,863

5,086

1,528

B

15,477

In-process research and development



8,240



8,240

Restructuring costs

15,439

17,350



32,789

Goodwill impairment

1,719,426





1,719,426

Provision for doubtful accounts

(6,579

)

10,621



4,042

Total operating expenses

2,594,958

228,731

9,028

2,832,717

Loss from operations

(1,896,278

)

(199,667

)

(9,028

)

(2,104,973

)

Other income, net

23,336

11,813



35,149

Loss before income taxes

(1,872,942

)

(187,854

)

(9,028

)

(2,069,824

)

Provision for income tax

87,385



87,797

Net loss

$

(1,960,327

)

$

(188,266

)

$

(9,028

)

$

(2,157,621

)

Basic net loss per common share

$

(6.11

)

$

(1.40

)

$

(5.14

)

Diluted net loss per common share and dilutive
	potential common share

$

(6.11

)

$

(1.40

)

$

(5.14

)

Weighted average basic common shares outstanding

320,893

134,756

(36,045

)A

419,604

Weighted average basic common and dilutive
	potential common shares outstanding

320,893

134,756

(36,045

)A

419,604



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CIENA

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

Year Ended October 31, 2001

(In thousands, except per share
data)

Five Months

Ended

October 31,

March 29,

Pro Forma

Historical

Historical

October 31, 2001

CIENA

Cyras

Adjustments

CIENA

Revenue

$

1,603,229

$



$



$

1,603,229

Cost of goods sold (exclusive of $0, $0, $0, and
	$0 deferred stock compensation costs)

904,549





904,549

Gross profit

698,680





698,680

Operating expenses

Research and development (exclusive of $17,825,
	$16,830, ($8,470), and $26,185 deferred stock compensation costs)

235,831

49,054



284,885

Sales and marketing (exclusive of $8,336, $8,289,
	($5,834), and $10,791 deferred stock compensation costs)

146,949

5,527



152,476

General and administrative (exclusive of $15,206,
	$8,371, ($5,511), and $18,066 deferred stock compensation costs)

57,865

7,240



65,105

Merger related expenses



30,204

(30,204

)E



Deferred stock compensation costs

41,367

33,490

(19,815

)F

55,042

Amortization of goodwill

177,786

122,515

G

300,301

Amortization of intangible assets

4,413

4,450

H

8,863

In-process research and development

45,900

(45,900

)I



Restructuring costs

15,439





15,439

Goodwill impairment

1,719,426





1,719,426

Provision for doubtful accounts

(6,579

)





(6,579

)

Total operating expenses

2,438,397

125,515

31,046

2,594,958

Loss from operations

(1,739,717

)

(125,515

)

(31,046

)

(1,896,278

)

Other income (expense), net

32,988

(9,652

)



23,336

Loss before income taxes

(1,706,729

)

(135,167

)

(31,046

)

(1,872,942

)

Provision (benefit) for income tax

87,333



87,385

Net loss

$

(1,794,062

)

$

(135,219

)

$

(31,046

)

$

(1,960,327

)

Basic net loss per common share

$

(5.75

)

$

(6.11

)

Diluted net loss per common share and dilutive
	potential common share

$

(5.75

)

$

(6.11

)

Weighted average basic common shares

311,815

9,078

J

320,893

Weighted average basic common and dilutive
	potential common shares outstanding

311,815

9,078

J

320,893



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

Three Months Ended January 31,

(In thousands, except per share
data)

Historical

Three Months

Three Months

Three Months

Ended

Ended

Ended

January 31,

January 31,

December 31,

Pro Forma

CIENA

ONI Systems

Adjustments

Combined

Revenue

$

162,156

$

42,163

$



$

204,319

Cost of good sold (exclusive of $0, ($275),
	$1,519 and $1,244 deferred stock compensation costs)

139,687

34,978



174,665

Gross profit

22,469

7,185



29,654

Operating expenses

Research and development (exclusive of $3,951,
	($981), $3,448 and $6,418 deferred stock compensation costs)

64,756

19,830



84,586

Sales and marketing (exclusive of $956, ($786),
	$3,109 and $3,279 deferred stock compensation costs)

37,600

13,620



51,220

General and administrative (exclusive of $227,
	($292), $1,155 and $1,090 deferred stock compensation costs)

13,655

6,957



20,612

Deferred stock compensation costs

5,134

(2,334

)

9,231

C

12,031

Amortization of goodwill



1,233

(1,233

)D



Amortization of intangible assets

1,813

1,473

B

3,467

Restructuring costs

6,828

1,258



8,086

Total operating expenses

129,786

42,037

8,179

180,002

Loss from operations

(107,317

)

(34,852

)

(8,179

)

(150,348

)

Other income, net



Loss before income taxes

(106,956

)

(34,483

)

(8,179

)

(149,618

)

Provision (benefit) for income taxes

(36,365

)



(36,110

)

Net loss

$

(70,591

)

(34,738

)

$

(8,179

)

$

(113,508

)

Basic net loss per common share

$

(0.22

)

$

(0.25

)

$

(0.27

)

Diluted net loss per common and dilutive
	potential common share

$

(0.22

)

$

(0.25

)

$

(0.27

)

Weighted average basic common shares outstanding

327,620

136,970

(38,259

)A

426,331

Weighted average basic common and dilutive
	potential common shares outstanding

327,620

136,970

(38,259

)A

426,331



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA

COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

NOTE 1  BASIS OF
PRESENTATION

On February 18, 2002, CIENA Corporation
(CIENA) announced that it had entered into the
agreement to acquire by merger ONI Systems in a transaction to
be accounted for as a purchase. Under the terms of the
agreement, each outstanding share of capital stock of ONI
Systems will be exchanged for 0.7104 shares of CIENA common
stock, and CIENA will assume all ONI Systems outstanding
options and warrants as well as its outstanding convertible
debt. Assuming the acquisition was consummated on
February 19, 2002, the stockholders of ONI Systems would
have received approximately 100,492,228 shares of CIENA common
stock of which an estimated 1,780,909 are restricted and subject
to repurchase. Additionally, CIENA would have converted
approximately 13,686,002 ONI Systems options and warrants into
approximately 9,722,535 options and warrants to purchase CIENA
common stock. The purchase price of approximately
$988.5 million is preliminary and the actual number of
shares, stock options and warrants to be exchanged or assumed by
CIENA will depend on the actual number outstanding as of the
date of consummation of the merger.

In determining the purchase price, CIENA used the
estimated value of CIENA common stock is approximately $8.75 per
share based on the average closing price of CIENAs common
stock for the two trading days before the announcement and the
two trading days after the announcement.

The purchase was estimated as follows (in
millions):

CIENA common stock issued for ONI Systems common
	stock

$

863.7

Issuance of CIENA options, warrants and
	restricted stock for ONI Systems options, warrants and
	restricted stock

115.6

Estimated transaction costs

9.2

$

988.5

The following is a preliminary allocation of the
purchase price using ONI Systems December 31, 2001
balances (in thousands):

Cash, cash equivalents, long and short-term
	investments

$

678,802

Inventory

53,836

Equipment, furniture and fixtures, net

97,286

Other tangible assets and note receivable from
	stockholder

67,090

Existing technology

26,000

Non compete

2,000

Contracts

Goodwill

362,423

In-process research and development

3,000

Deferred stock compensation

55,763

Assumed liabilities

(58,575

)

Convertible subordinated notes

(300,000

)

Total purchase price

$

988,525

The actual purchase price allocation is also
dependent upon the fair values of the acquired assets and
assumed liabilities as of the acquisition date and the
finalization of the preliminary valuation report. The
$3.0 million amount allocated to in-process research and
development represents the purchased in-process technology that,
as of the date of the acquisition, had not yet reached
technological feasibility and had no alternative future use.
Based on preliminary assessments, the value of these projects
was determined by estimating the resulting net cash flows from
the sale of the products resulting from the completion of the



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA

COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA 
(Continued)

projects, reduced by the portion of the revenue
attributable to developed technology and the percentage of
completion of the project. The resulting cash flows were then
discounted back to their present values at appropriate discount
rates.

The nature of the efforts to develop the
purchased in-process research and development into commercially
viable products principally relates to the completion of all
planning, designing, prototyping and testing activities that are
necessary to establish that the product can be produced to meet
its design specification including function, features and
technical performance requirements. The resulting net cash flows
from such products are based on estimates of revenue, cost of
revenue, research and development costs, sales and marketing
costs, and income taxes from such projects. The amounts
allocated to in-process research and development will be charged
to the statements of operations in the period the acquisition is
consummated.

CIENA is in the process of determining the amount
of any integration or restructuring costs associated with the
acquisition. These costs are expected to include expenses
associated with involuntary employee terminations, employee
relocations, lease terminations, non-cancelable lease costs and
other costs associated with the integration and/or exit of
certain business activities. It is expected that certain of
these costs will qualify for treatment under EITF 95-3
Recognition of Liabilities in Connection with a Purchase
Business Combination and be recorded as an element of the
acquisition.

NOTE 2  PRO FORMA
ADJUSTMENTS

A

To reflect acquisition of ONI Systems based on
	the preliminary purchase price allocation described in
	Note 1.

B

To reflect amortization of developed technology
	over its estimated useful life of seven years and noncompete and
	contracts over their estimated useful life of one year, as if
	the acquisition occurred on November 1, 2000. The
	$3.0 million amount allocated to in-process research and
	development has not been included in the unaudited pro forma
	combined statements of operations as it is nonrecurring, but is
	included in the unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet. This
	amount will be expensed in the period the acquisition is
	consummated.

C

To eliminate historical deferred stock
	compensation and related amortization charges for ONI Systems
	stock option grants and record deferred stock compensation in
	accordance with FIN 44, Accounting for Certain
	Transactions Involving Stock Compensation  an
	interpretation of APB 25, related to ONI Systems
	unvested stock options and restricted common stock.

D

To eliminate historical goodwill amortization for
	ONI Systems related to the three months ended December 31,
	2001 for consistency. Since CIENA adopted Statement of Financial
	Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other
	Intangible Assets (SFAS No. 142), CIENA ceased
	amortization of goodwill beginning on November 1, 2001.

On March 29, 2001, CIENA acquired all of the
outstanding capital stock and assumed the options of Cyras
Systems, Inc. (Cyras). The purchase price was
approximately $2.2 billion and consisted of the issuance of
26.1 million shares of CIENA common stock, the assumption
of approximately 1.9 million stock options and the indirect
assumption of $150 million principal amount of Cyras
convertible subordinated indebtedness. The transaction was
recorded using the purchase accounting method. In connection
with the acquisition, CIENA recorded goodwill of
$2.1 billion, in-process research and development of
$45.9 million and $47.7 million of intangibles
associated with developed technology. Since the CIENA operating
results for the year ended October 31, 2001 include 7
months of Cyras operations, the CIENA historical operating
results have been adjusted to included an additional
5 months of Cyras operations in the pro forma statement of
operations. The following are the descriptions of the pro forma
adjustments related to the Cyras acquisition:



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA

COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA 
(Continued)

E

To eliminate the merger related costs incurred by
	Cyras in connection with the acquisition by CIENA. These costs
	would not have been incurred if the acquisition had been
	consummated as of November 1, 2000.

F

To eliminate the historical deferred stock
	compensation and related amortization charges for Cyras stock
	option grants and record deferred stock compensation in
	accordance with FIN 44, Accounting for Certain
	Transactions Involving Stock Compensation  an
	interpretation of APB 25, related to Cyras unvested
	stock options and restricted common stock.

G

To record goodwill amortization expense
	associated with the Cyras acquisition for the five-month period
	prior to the Cyras consummation date.

H

To record the amortization of other intangibles
	associated with the Cyras acquisition for the five-month period
	prior to the Cyras consummation date.

I

To eliminate the in-process research and
	development charge which CIENA recorded on the Cyras
	acquisition. This charge would not have been recorded during
	fiscal 2001 if the acquisition had been consummated as of
	November 1, 2000.

J

To adjust the CIENA weighted average common
	shares to reflect the acquisition of Cyras as of
	November 1, 2000.



INFORMATION ABOUT CIENA

General

CIENA is a leader in the intelligent optical
networking equipment industry. CIENA offers a portfolio of
products for communications service providers worldwide.
CIENAs customers include long-distance carriers,
competitive and incumbent local exchange carriers, Internet
service providers, and wireless and wholesale carriers. CIENA
offers optical transport and intelligent optical switching
systems that enable service providers to provision, manage and
deliver high-bandwidth services to their customers. CIENA has
pursued a strategy to develop and leverage the power of
disruptive technologies to change the fundamental economics of
building carrier-class tele-and data-communications networks,
thereby providing its customers with a competitive advantage.
CIENAs intelligent optical networking products are
designed to enable carriers to deliver any time, any size, any
priority bandwidth to their customers.

Additional Information

A detailed description of CIENAs business
and various benefit plans, including stock option plans,
financial statements and other matters related to CIENA is
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus or set forth in CIENAs Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2001 and
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
January 31, 2002. Stockholders desiring copies of such
documents may contact CIENA at its address or telephone number
indicated under the caption Where You Can Find More
Information.



INFORMATION ABOUT ONI SYSTEMS

General

ONI Systems develops, markets and sells optical
communications networking equipment specifically designed to
address the bandwidth and service limitations of metropolitan
area and regional networks. Communication service providers can
cost-effectively deploy ONI Systems products to relieve
the traffic bottleneck in these networks and offer new
revenue-generating services including wavelength, private line,
Ethernet and data storage services. By deploying ONI
Systems equipment, service providers can rapidly build
high-capacity, flexible and scalable networks that are able to
support multiple services on a single platform from their
central offices at the core of their networks to their
customers sites at the edge of their networks. In
addition, ONI Systems equipment can be introduced into a
network without requiring complete replacement of the existing
network infrastructure.

Additional Information

A detailed description of ONI Systems
business and various benefit plans, including stock option
plans, financial statements and other matters related to ONI
Systems is incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus or set forth in ONI Systems Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2001. Stockholders desiring copies of such documents may contact
ONI Systems at its address or telephone number indicated under
the caption Where You Can Find More Information.



CIENA CAPITAL STOCK AND COMPARISON OF
STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

If the merger is completed, shares of ONI Systems
common stock will be converted into shares of CIENA common
stock. As a result, ONI Systems stockholders, whose rights are
currently governed by the Delaware General Corporation Law and
ONI Systems certificate of incorporation and bylaws, will
become CIENA stockholders, whose rights are governed by the
Delaware General Corporation Law and CIENAs certificate of
incorporation and bylaws.

The following is a description of the capital
stock of CIENA, including the CIENA common stock to be issued in
the merger, and a summary of the material differences between
the rights of CIENA stockholders and ONI Systems stockholders.
These differences arise from the differences between
CIENAs certificate of incorporation and bylaws relative to
ONI Systems certificate of incorporation and bylaws.
Although it is impractical to compare all of the aspects in
which the companies governing instruments differ with
respect to stockholders rights, the following discussion
summarizes the significant differences between them.



DESCRIPTION OF CIENA CAPITAL STOCK

The following summary description of the
capital stock of CIENA does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by the provisions of CIENAs
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and by the applicable
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. For
information on how to obtain copies of CIENAs certificate
of incorporation and bylaws, see Where You Can Find More
Information.

Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock of
CIENA

Pursuant to CIENAs certificate of
incorporation, CIENA has authority to issue 1,000,000,000 shares
of capital stock, consisting of 980,000,000 shares of CIENA
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and 20,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share. As
of                               ,
2002,                     shares
of CIENA common stock, and no shares of CIENA preferred stock
were issued and outstanding.

The rights of the holders of CIENA common stock
discussed below are subject to such rights as the CIENA board of
directors may hereafter confer on holders of CIENA preferred
stock that may be issued in the future. Such rights may
adversely affect the rights of holders of CIENA common stock.

CIENA Common Stock

Voting Rights.

Each holder of CIENA common stock
is entitled to attend all special and annual meetings of the
stockholders of CIENA and to vote upon any matter, including,
without limitation, the election of directors, properly
considered and acted upon by the stockholders of CIENA. Holders
of CIENA common stock are entitled to one vote per share of
common stock held.

Liquidation Rights.

In the event of any dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of CIENA, whether voluntary or
involuntary, the holders of CIENA common stock and holders of
any class or series of stock entitled to participate therewith,
will be entitled to participate in the distribution of any
assets of CIENA remaining after CIENA has paid all of its debts
and liabilities and after CIENA has paid, or set aside for
payment, to the holders of any class of stock having preference
over the CIENA common stock in the event of dissolution,
liquidation or winding up the full preferential amounts, if any,
to which they are entitled.

Dividends.

Dividends may be paid on the CIENA
common stock and on any class or series of stock entitled to
participate therewith when and as declared by the CIENA board of
directors out of funds available for the payment of dividends as
provided by law.

No Preemptive or Conversion Rights.

The holders of CIENA common stock
have no preemptive or subscription rights to purchase additional
securities issued by CIENA nor any rights to convert their CIENA
common stock into other securities of CIENA or to have their
shares redeemed by CIENA.

CIENA Preferred Stock

CIENA has no preferred stock outstanding.
However, CIENA has classified shares of series A junior
participating preferred stock in connection with the
establishment of its Stockholder Rights Plan, as described
further below.

Limitation of Liability and
Indemnification

Limitations of Director Liability.

Delaware law authorizes
corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of
directors to corporations and their stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of directors fiduciary duty of care.
Although Delaware law does not change directors duty of
care, it enables corporations to limit available relief to
equitable remedies such as injunction or rescission.
CIENAs certificate of incorporation limits the liability
of directors to CIENA or its stockholders to the full extent
permitted by Delaware law. Specifically, directors of CIENA are
not personally liable for monetary



damages to CIENA or its stockholders for breach
of the directors fiduciary duty as a director, except for
liability for:

 

any breach of the directors duty of loyalty
	to CIENA or its stockholders;

 

acts or omissions not in good faith or that
	involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

 

unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock
	repurchases or redemptions; or

 

any transaction from which the director derived
	an improper personal benefit.

Indemnification.

CIENAs bylaws provide for mandatory indemnification of
directors and officers of CIENA to the fullest extent permitted
by the Delaware General Corporation Law against any expense,
liability or loss to which they may become subject, or which
they may incur as a result of being or having been a director or
officer of CIENA. In addition, CIENA must advance or reimburse
directors and officers for expenses they incur in connection
with indemnifiable claims or may pay such expenses in advance of
the final disposition of the claim upon receipt of an
undertaking by such director or officer to repay advanced
expenses if it is ultimately determined that the director is not
entitle to indemnification.

CIENA also maintains directors and
officers liability insurance.

Certain Charter and Statutory Provisions;
Stockholder Rights Plan

Classified Board of
Directors.
 CIENAs
certificate of incorporation provides for the division of the
CIENA board of directors into three classes of directors,
consisting of two or more directors each, serving staggered
three-year terms. CIENAs certificate of incorporation
further provides that the approval of the holders of at least
two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote thereon and the
approval of a majority of the entire CIENA board of directors
are necessary for the alteration, amendment or repeal of certain
sections of CIENAs certificate of incorporation relating
to the election and classification of the CIENA board of
directors, action by written consent, limitation of director
liability, indemnification and the vote requirements for such
amendments to CIENAs certificate of incorporation. These
provisions may deter hostile takeovers or delay changes in
control or management of CIENA.

Action by Written
Consents.
 CIENAs certificate
of incorporation eliminates action by written consent of
stockholders. This provision, which makes it difficult for
stockholders to act outside of a special meeting, may also deter
hostile takeovers or delay changes in control or management of
CIENA.

Certain Statutory
Provisions.

CIENA is
subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In
general, this statute prohibits a publicly held Delaware
corporation from engaging in a business combination
with an interested stockholder for a period of three
years after the date of the transaction in which the person
became an interested stockholder, unless:

 

prior to such date, the corporations board
	of directors approved either the business combination or the
	transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an
	interested stockholder;

 

upon consummation of the transaction that
	resulted in such person becoming an interested stockholder, the
	interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of
	the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction
	commenced, excluding, for purposes of determining the number of
	shares outstanding, shares owned by certain directors or certain
	employee stock plans; or

 

on or after the date the stockholder became an
	interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by
	the corporations board of directors and authorized by the
	affirmative vote, and not by written consent, of at least
	two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation
	excluding that stock owned by the interested stockholder.

A business combination includes a
merger, asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial
benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested
stockholder is a person, other than the corporation and
any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the
corporation, who together with affiliates and associates,



owns or, as an affiliate or associate, within
three years prior, did own 15% or more of the corporations
outstanding voting stock.

Section 203 expressly exempts from the
requirements described above any business combination by a
corporation with an interested stockholder who becomes an
interested stockholder in a transaction approved by that
corporations board of directors.

Stockholder Rights
Plan.
 In December 1997,
CIENAs board of directors adopted a stockholders rights
plan. This plan is designed to deter any potential coercive or
unfair takeover tactics in the event of an unsolicited takeover
attempt. It is not intended to prevent a takeover of CIENA on
terms that are favorable and fair to all stockholders and will
not interfere with a merger approved by the board of directors.
Under the plan, each CIENA stockholder received a right that
entitles stockholders to buy one one-thousandth of a share of
junior preferred stock of CIENA for each share of common stock
held. The rights will be exercisable only if a person or a group
acquires or announces a tender or exchange offer to acquire 15%
or more of CIENAs common stock or if CIENA enters into
certain other business combination transactions not approved by
the board of directors. In the event the rights become
exercisable, the rights plan allows for CIENA stockholders to
acquire stock of CIENA or the surviving corporation, whether or
not CIENA is the surviving corporation, having a value twice
that of the exercise price of the rights. The rights were
distributed to stockholders of record in January 1998. The
rights will expire December 29, 2007 and are redeemable for
$0.001 per right at the approval of CIENAs board of
directors. All of the CIENA shares to be issued to ONI
Systems stockholders will be issued with rights attached.

Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent and registrar for the CIENA
common stock is EquiServe Trust Company.



COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

General

Both CIENA and ONI Systems are corporations
organized under the laws of Delaware and are therefore subject
to the Delaware corporation statute. However, there are certain
differences in the charters and bylaws of CIENA and ONI Systems
that affect the rights of their respective stockholders.

Capitalization

CIENA.
 CIENA
is authorized to issue 980,000,000 shares of common stock and
20,000,000 shares of preferred stock.
On                               ,
2002,                     shares
of CIENA common stock were outstanding and no shares of CIENA
preferred stock were outstanding. CIENAs board of
directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to
issue shares of authorized preferred stock from time to time in
one or more series and to fix the rights and preferences,
including voting rights, of each such series of preferred stock,
which rights and preferences may be superior to that of
CIENAs common stock.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems is authorized to issue
700,000,000 shares of common stock, and 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock. As
of                               ,
2002, ONI Systems had issued and
outstanding                     shares
of common stock, and no shares of preferred stock.

Voting Rights

CIENA.
 Each
holder of CIENA common stock is entitled to one vote for each
share of capital stock held and may not cumulate votes for the
election of directors.

ONI Systems.

Each holder of ONI Systems common
stock is entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock
held and may not cumulate votes for the election of directors.

Number and Classification of
Directors

CIENA.

CIENAs charter provides that its board of directors will
be comprised of three classes of two or more directors each,
with each class elected for a term of three years, so that a
different class of directors stands for election each year.
CIENA currently has eight directors and the board of directors
may increase or decrease the size of the board of directors by
resolution.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems bylaws provide that the initial number of
directors will be six and thereafter will be fixed from time to
time exclusively by resolution of its board of directors. Each
director holds office until that directors successor is
elected and qualified or until that directors earlier
death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the authorized
number of directors may shorten the term of any incumbent
director. ONI Systems bylaws create three classes of
directors with the number of directors in each class to be as
equal as reasonably possible. The three classes of directors
serve three year staggered terms, so that a different class
stands for election each year.

Removal of Directors

CIENA.

CIENAs charter provides that, subject to the rights of any
then-outstanding series of preferred stock, any director or the
entire board of directors may be removed from office at any
time, with or without cause by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the shares of capital stock of CIENA outstanding and
entitled to vote on the election of directors, voting together
as a separate class. CIENAs bylaws provide that a director
may only be removed from office by the stockholders at a special
meeting called for that purpose.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems bylaws provide that a director may be removed,
with or without cause, upon a vote by a majority of the shares
entitled to vote at an election of directors. A director may not
be removed without cause if the total number of votes cast
against removal and the number of those shares not consenting in
writing to the removal would be sufficient to elect the director
if voted cumulatively,



whether or not shares may otherwise be voted
cumulatively, at a meeting where the same total number of votes
were cast (or, if by written consent, all shares entitled to
vote were voted) and either (1) the number of directors
elected at the most recent annual meeting of stockholders, or
(2) the number of directors for whom removal is sought (if
greater), were then being elected.

Filling Vacancies on the Board of
Directors

CIENA.

CIENAs charter provides that, subject to the rights of any
then-outstanding series of preferred stock, if a vacancy occurs
on the CIENA board of directors (other than a vacancy resulting
from the removal of a director by the stockholders but including
a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of the board of
directors), the vacancy may be filled only by a majority vote of
the directors then in office, even if they constitute less than
a quorum. However, if a vacancy results from the removal of a
director by the stockholders at a meeting called for that
purpose, then the stockholders may fill the vacancy at that
meeting.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems bylaws provide that, subject to the rights of
the holders of any series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the
board of directors or any newly created directorship may be
filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors
then in office, though less than a quorum, unless the board of
directors determines by resolution that such vacancies or newly
created directorships shall be filled by stockholders or as
otherwise provided by law.

Charter Amendments

CIENA.

CIENAs charter provides that the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all
then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of CIENA entitled
to vote on the election of directors, voting together as a
separate class, is required to amend certain provisions of
CIENAs charter relating to the board of directors,
stockholder action, amendment of the charter, limitation of
director liability and indemnification of officers and directors
of CIENA. Otherwise, the charter may be amended by the holders
of a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of
CIENA stock.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems charter provides that the affirmative vote of
the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all
then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of ONI Systems
entitled to vote on the election of directors is required to
amend certain provisions of ONI Systems charter relating
to amendment of ONI Systems bylaws, limitation of director
liability and indemnification of officers and directors of ONI
Systems. Otherwise, the charter may be amended by the holders of
a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of ONI
Systems stock.

Amendments to Bylaws

CIENA.

CIENAs charter provides that the bylaws may be amended by
a majority vote of the total number of authorized directors
(whether or not there exist any vacancies in the previously
authorized directorships at the time any resolution providing
for amendment is presented to the board) or in addition to any
vote of any holders of any class or series of CIENA stock
required by law or by CIENAs charter by an affirmative
vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power
of all the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of CIENA
entitled to vote on the election of directors voting together as
a single class.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems charter provides that the bylaws may be
amended by a majority vote of the board of directors or by an
affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of ONI
Systems outstanding voting stock then entitled to vote at
an election of directors. ONI Systems charter further
provides that the preceding provision of its bylaws may only be
amended by an affirmative vote of the holders of at least
66 2/3% of ONI Systems outstanding voting stock then
entitled to vote at an election of directors voting together as
a single class.



Action by Written Consent

CIENA.

CIENAs charter provides that any action by the
stockholders may only be taken at an annual or special meeting
and may not be taken by written consent.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems charter provides that any action by the
stockholders may only be taken at an annual or special meeting
and may not be taken by written consent.

Notice of Stockholder Actions

CIENA.

Neither CIENAs charter nor its bylaws require advance
notice of stockholder nominations of directors or any other
business to be brought by stockholders before a meeting of
stockholders, except in the case of a special meeting of the
stockholders, which requires notice of the purposes for which a
meeting is called.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems charter and bylaws require advance notice for
stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of
business to be brought by any stockholders at all meetings of
stockholders.

Right to Call Special Meeting of
Stockholders

CIENA.

CIENAs charter provides that a special meeting may only be
called by the board of directors pursuant to a resolution
adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized
directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in
previously authorized directorships at the time any such
resolution is presented to the board of directors for adoption)
or by the holders of not less than ten percent (10%) of all of
the shares entitled to cast votes at the meeting.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems bylaws provide that a special meeting of
stockholders may be called at any time by the chairman of the
board of directors, the chief executive officer, the holders of
shares of the corporation that are entitled to cast not less
than ten percent (10%) of the total number of votes entitled to
be cast by all stockholders at the meeting, or by a majority of
the board of directors. If a special meeting is called by any
person or persons other than by a majority of the board of
directors, a written request must be delivered to the board of
directors, who then determines the time, date and place of the
meeting.

Dividends

CIENA.

CIENAs bylaws provide that, from time to time,
CIENAs board of directors may declare and pay dividends
upon shares of CIENA stock, but only out of funds available for
the payment of dividends as provided by law.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems board of directors may declare and pay
dividends upon shares of ONI Systems stock as provided by law
out of funds legally available therefor.

Liquidation Rights

CIENA.

CIENAs charter provides that, in the event of a
liquidation of CIENA, the holders of CIENA common stock shall
receive all remaining assets of CIENA ratably in proportion to
the number of shares of common stock held by them.

ONI Systems.

In the event of a liquidation of ONI Systems, the holders of ONI
Systems common stock shall receive all remaining assets of ONI
Systems ratably in proportion to the number of shares of common
stock held by them.

Conversion and Redemption

CIENA.

Holders of CIENA common stock have no right to convert their
shares into any other shares of the capital stock of CIENA or
any other securities.



ONI Systems.

Holders of ONI Systems common stock have no right to convert
their shares into any other shares of the capital stock of ONI
Systems or any other securities.

Stockholder Proposals

CIENA. 
All
stockholder proposals intended to be included in the proxy
statement for CIENAs 2003 Annual Meeting must be received
by CIENA not later than October 3, 2002 and must otherwise
comply with the rules of the SEC for inclusion in CIENAs
proxy statement and form of proxy relating to that meeting.
Proposals should be delivered to CIENA Corporation, 1201
Winterson Road, Linthicum, Maryland 21090, Attention: Corporate
Secretary.

Except in the case of proposals intended to be
included in the proxy statement, stockholders intending to bring
any business before an annual meeting of stockholders must
deliver written notice thereof to CIENAs Secretary no
later than December 17, 2002. If a stockholder gives notice
of such a proposal after the December 17, 2002 deadline,
CIENAs proxy holders will be allowed to use their
discretionary voting authority to vote against the stockholder
proposal when and if the proposal is raised at CIENAs 2003
annual meeting.

ONI Systems.

ONI Systems will hold an annual
meeting in the year 2002 only if the merger has not already been
completed. If the annual meeting is held, any proposals of
stockholders intended to be presented at the 2002 annual meeting
must be received by the Secretary of ONI Systems no later than
the date announced by ONI Systems a reasonable time in advance
of the meeting date in order to be considered for inclusion in
the ONI Systems proxy materials relating to such meeting. Any
notice of a proposal for which a stockholder will conduct his or
her own solicitation must be received by the Secretary of ONI
Systems no later
than                               .



OTHER MATTERS

Legal Matters

The legal validity of the CIENA common stock
offered hereby will be passed upon by Hogan & Hartson
L.L.P., counsel to CIENA.

The federal income tax consequences described in
this joint proxy statement/ prospectus are the subject of
opinions issued by Hogan & Hartson L.L.P., counsel to CIENA,
and Fenwick & West LLP, counsel to ONI Systems.

Attorneys of Fenwick & West LLP
beneficially own an aggregate of approximately 175,000 shares of
ONI Systems common stock.

Experts

The consolidated financial statements of CIENA
Corporation as of October 31, 2001 and 2000 and for each of the
three years in the period ended October 31, 2001 incorporated in
this joint proxy statement/ prospectus by reference to
CIENAs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
October 31, 2001 have been so incorporated in reliance on
the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent
accountants, given on the authority of said firm as experts in
auditing and accounting.

The consolidated financial statements of ONI
Systems Corp. as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 and for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001
incorporated in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus by
reference to ONI Systems Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2001 have been so included
in reliance on the report of KPMG LLP, independent accountants,
given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and
accounting.

The financial statements of Cyras Systems, Inc.,
a development stage company, as of December 31, 2000 and
1999 and for the period from July 24, 1998 (inception) to
December 31, 1998, for the years ended December 31,
2000 and 1999 and for the period from July 24, 1998
(inception) to December 31, 2000 incorporated in this joint
proxy statement/ prospectus by reference to the CIENA
Form 8-K dated April 2, 2001 have been audited by
Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated
in their report, which is incorporated herein by reference, and
have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of such
firm, given upon their authority as experts in accounting and
auditing.

Other Matters

As of the date of this joint proxy statement/
prospectus, neither the ONI Systems board of directors nor the
CIENA board of directors knows of any matter that will be
presented for consideration at the special meeting other than as
described in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus. If any
other matters come before the special meeting or any
adjournments or postponements thereof and are voted upon, the
enclosed proxies will confer discretionary authority on the
individuals named as proxies therein to vote the shares
represented by such proxies as to any such matters. The
individuals named as proxies intend to vote or not to vote in
accordance with the recommendation of the management of CIENA or
ONI Systems, as appropriate.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

CIENA has filed the Registration Statement of
which this joint proxy statement/ prospectus is a part. The
Registration Statement registers the distribution to ONI Systems
stockholders of the shares of CIENA common stock to be issued in
connection with the merger.

CIENA and ONI Systems file annual, quarterly and
current reports, proxy statements and other information with the
SEC. You may read and copy any of this information at the
SECs public reference room at 450 Fifth Street N.W.,
Room 1024, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain
information on the operation of the SECs Public Reference
Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.



The SEC also maintains an Internet web site that
contains reports, proxy statements and other information
regarding issuers, like CIENA and ONI Systems, that file
electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is
http://www.sec.gov. The SEC file number for CIENA documents
filed under the Exchange Act is 0-21969 and the file number for
ONI Systems documents filed under the Exchange Act is 0-30633.

The SEC allows CIENA and ONI Systems to
incorporate by reference information into this joint
proxy statement/ prospectus. This means that CIENA can disclose
important information to you by referring you to another
document filed separately with the SEC. The information
incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this
joint proxy statement/ prospectus, except for any information
that is superseded by information that is included directly in
this document.

This joint proxy statement/ prospectus
incorporates by reference the documents listed below that CIENA
and ONI Systems each has previously filed or will file with the
SEC. They contain important information about CIENA and ONI
Systems and their respective financial condition.

CIENA:

 

CIENAs annual report on Form 10-K for
	its fiscal year ended October 31, 2001, filed on
	December 13, 2001;

 

CIENAs quarterly report on Form 10-Q
	for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 1002, filed on
	February 21, 2002;

 

CIENAs definitive proxy statement filed on
	February 1, 2002 and additional soliciting materials filed
	on February 8, 2002;

 

CIENAs current reports on Form 8-K
	filed on February 5 and February 19, 2002;

 

CIENAs current report on Form 8-K
	filed on April 2, 2001 containing the audited financial
	statements of Cyras Systems;

 

All documents filed with the SEC by CIENA
	pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the
	Exchange Act after the date of this joint proxy statement/
	prospectus and prior to the date of the special meeting are
	incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/
	prospectus, effective the date such documents are filed; and

 

The description of CIENA common stock set forth
	in the CIENA Registration Statement filed under Section 12
	of the Exchange Act on Form 8-A on January 13, 1997,
	including any amendment or report filed with the SEC for the
	purpose of updating such description.

ONI Systems:

 

ONI Systems annual report on Form 10-K
	for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, filed on
	March 19, 2002;

 

All documents filed with the SEC by ONI Systems
	pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the
	Exchange Act after the date of this joint proxy statement/
	prospectus and prior to the date of the special meeting are
	incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/
	prospectus, effective the date such documents are filed; and

 

The description of ONI Systems common stock set
	forth in the ONI Systems Registration Statement filed under
	Section 12 of the Exchange Act on Form 8-A on
	May 16, 2000, including any amendment or report filed with
	the SEC for the purpose of updating such description.

In the event of conflicting information in these
documents, the information in the latest filed document should
be considered correct.

You can obtain any of the documents incorporated
by reference in this document through CIENA, ONI Systems or from
the SEC through the SECs web site at the address described
above. Documents incorporated by reference are available from
CIENA or ONI Systems without charge, excluding any



exhibits to those documents unless the exhibit is
specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this
joint proxy statement/ prospectus. You can obtain documents
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus by requesting them in writing or by telephone from
CIENA or ONI Systems at the following addresses:

CIENA Corporation

ONI Systems Inc.

1201 Winterson Road

5955 Silver Creek Valley Road

Linthicum, Maryland 21090

San Jose, California 95138

Attn: General Counsel

Attn: Investor Relations

Telephone (410) 865-8500

Telephone (408) 571-4050

You can also contact us at our websites,
www.ciena.com and www.oni.com. If you would like to request
documents, please do so
by                     ,
2002 to receive them before the special meeting. If you request
any incorporated documents from CIENA or ONI Systems, we will
mail them to you by first class mail, or another equally prompt
means, within two business days after we receive your request.

This document constitutes the prospectus of CIENA
and the proxy statement of CIENA and ONI Systems. CIENA has
supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference
in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus relating to CIENA and
ONI Systems has supplied all such information relating to ONI
Systems.

Neither CIENA nor ONI Systems has authorized
anyone to give any information or make any representation about
the merger, CIENA or ONI Systems that is different from, or in
addition to, that contained in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus or in any of the materials that CIENA or ONI Systems
has incorporated into this document. Therefore, if anyone does
give you information of this sort, you should not rely on it.
The information contained in this document speaks only as of the
date of this document, unless the information specifically
indicates that another date applies.



ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER



Agreement and Plan Of Merger

between

CIENA Corporation

and

ONI Systems Corp.

Dated as of February 17, 2002



[This Page Intentionally Left Blank]





Page

ARTICLE I THE MERGER

SECTION 1.1. General

SECTION 1.2. Certificate of Incorporation

SECTION 1.3. The By-Laws

SECTION 1.4. Board of Directors and Officers

SECTION 1.5. Conversion of Securities

SECTION 1.6. Adjustment of the Exchange Ratio

SECTION 1.7. Exchange Procedures; Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares; Stock
Transfer Books

SECTION 1.8. No Fractional Shares

SECTION 1.9. Return of Exchange Fund

SECTION 1.10. No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock

SECTION 1.11. Further Assurances

SECTION 1.12. Appraisal Rights

ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

SECTION 2.1. Organization and Qualification

SECTION 2.2. Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

SECTION 2.3. Capitalization

SECTION 2.4. Authority

SECTION 2.5. No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents

SECTION 2.6. Company Reports: Financial Statements

SECTION 2.7. Absence of Certain Changes or Events

SECTION 2.8. Ownership and Condition of the Assets

SECTION 2.9. Leases

SECTION 2.10. Material Contracts

SECTION 2.11. Real Property

SECTION 2.12. Environmental Matters

SECTION 2.13. Litigation

SECTION 2.14. Compliance with Laws

SECTION 2.15. Intellectual Property

SECTION 2.16. Taxes and Assessments

SECTION 2.17. Employment and Benefit Matters

SECTION 2.18. Transactions with Related Parties

SECTION 2.19. Insurance and List of Claims

SECTION 2.20. Brokers

SECTION 2.21. Disclosure

SECTION 2.22. Absence of Violation

SECTION 2.23. Customers and Suppliers

SECTION 2.24. Takeover Statutes

SECTION 2.25. Reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code

SECTION 2.26. Fairness Opinion

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CIENA

SECTION 3.1. Organization and Qualification

SECTION 3.2. Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

SECTION 3.3. Authority

SECTION 3.4. No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents

SECTION 3.5. Brokers

SECTION 3.6. Issuance of CIENA Stock

SECTION 3.7. SEC Filings

SECTION 3.8. Litigation

SECTION 3.9. Capitalization

SECTION 3.10. Reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code

SECTION 3.11. Absence of Certain Changes or Events

- i -



SECTION 3.12. Ownership and Condition of the Assets

SECTION 3.13. Material Contracts

SECTION 3.14. Environmental Matters

SECTION 3.15. Compliance with Laws

SECTION 3.16. Fairness Opinion

SECTION 3.17. Intellectual Property

SECTION 3.18. Taxes and Assessments

SECTION 3.19. Disclosure

SECTION 3.20. Customers and Suppliers

ARTICLE IV ADDITIONAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CIENA WITH
RESPECT TO MERGER SUB

SECTION 4.1. Organization and Qualification

SECTION 4.2. No Prior Activities

ARTICLE V CONDUCT PENDING CLOSING

SECTION 5.1. Conduct of Business Pending Closing

SECTION 5.2. Prohibited Actions Pending Closing

SECTION 5.3. Access; Documents; Supplemental Information

SECTION 5.4. No Solicitation

SECTION 5.5. Information Supplied

SECTION 5.6. Stockholders Meetings

SECTION 5.7. Filings; Other Actions; Notification

SECTION 5.8. NASDAQ Listing

SECTION 5.9. Company Stock Options; Company Warrants; Company Notes

SECTION 5.10. Notification of Certain Matters

SECTION 5.11. Reorganization

SECTION 5.12. Indemnification

SECTION 5.13. Actions by the Parties

ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

SECTION 6.1. Conditions Precedent to Each Partys Obligation to
Effect the Merger

SECTION 6.2. Conditions Precedent to Obligations of CIENA

SECTION 6.3. Conditions Precedent to the Companys Obligations

ARTICLE VII TERMINATION

SECTION 7.1. Termination by Mutual Consent

SECTION 7.2. Termination by Either CIENA or the Company

SECTION 7.3. Termination by the Company

SECTION 7.4. Termination by CIENA

SECTION 7.5. Effect of Termination and Abandonment

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL

SECTION 8.1. Survival

SECTION 8.2. Expenses

SECTION 8.3. Press Releases

SECTION 8.4. Contents of Agreement; Parties in Interest; Etc

SECTION 8.5. Assignment and Binding Effect

SECTION 8.6 Definitions

SECTION 8.7. Notices

SECTION 8.8. Amendment

SECTION 8.9. Governing Law

SECTION 8.10. No Benefit to Others

SECTION 8.11. Severability

SECTION 8.12. Section Headings

SECTION 8.13. Schedules and Exhibits

SECTION 8.14. Extensions

SECTION 8.15. Counterparts

- ii -



EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit A

Form of Stockholder Agreement

Exhibit B

Form of Affiliate Letter



[This Page Intentionally Left Blank]



AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 
(this Agreement) dated as of February 17,
2002 by and between 
CIENA CORPORATION
, a Delaware corporation (CIENA) and 
ONI
SYSTEMS CORP.
, a Delaware corporation (the Company).

RECITALS

WHEREAS
, the Boards of Directors of each of CIENA and the Company have
determined that the merger of the Company with and into CIENA (the Merger) in
accordance with the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as
amended (the DGCL), and subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, is advisable and in the best interests of CIENA and the Company and
their respective stockholders;

WHEREAS
, in order to induce CIENA to enter into this Agreement,
concurrently herewith each director and executive officer of the Company and
their controlled affiliates are entering into stockholder agreements with CIENA
in the form of Exhibit A (the Stockholder Agreements), pursuant to which,
among other things, each such stockholder agrees to vote in favor of this
Agreement and the Merger and against any competing proposals and each director
and executive officer of the Company are entering into letter agreements with
CIENA in the form of Exhibit B (the Affiliate Letters); and

WHEREAS
, the parties intend that, for federal income tax purposes, the
Merger shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Code.

NOW, THEREFORE
, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein and
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto intending to be legally bound do hereby
agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

SECTION 1.1. General.

         (a)  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance with the DGCL, at the Effective Time (i) the Company shall be merged
with and into CIENA, (ii) the separate corporate existence of the Company shall
cease and (iii) CIENA shall be the surviving company (the Surviving Company)
and shall continue its legal existence under the laws of the State of Delaware.

         (b)  The Merger shall become effective at the time of filing of a
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in
accordance with the provisions of Section 251 of the DGCL, or at such later
time as may be stated in the Certificate of Merger (the Effective Time). The
closing of the Merger (the Closing) shall take place at the offices of Hogan
& Hartson, L.L.P., 111 South Calvert Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21202 at 10:00
A.M., subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in

Article VI
, and two Business Days after the date on which the last of the
conditions set forth in 
Sections 6.1(a)
, 
6.1(b)
, 
6.1(d) 
and 
6.2(c) 
shall have
been satisfied or waived, or on such other date, time and place as the Company
and CIENA may mutually agree (the Closing Date).

         (c)  At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided
in the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company shall vest in the
Surviving Company, and all debts, liabilities, obligations, and duties of the
Company shall become the debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions,
disabilities and duties of the Surviving Company.

         (d)  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if prior
to the time of effectiveness of the S-4 Registration Statement referred to in

Section 5.5 
below, the Company reasonably in good faith determines, after
consultation with CIENA and after having exercised its reasonable best efforts
to obtain required consents, that obtaining required consents to the assignment
of those material contracts, leases or agreements set forth on 
Schedule 6.2(c)

would not be practicable prior to the anticipated Effective Time, and as a
result the Companys ability to satisfy the closing condition set forth in

Section 6.2(c) 
would be materially impaired, the Merger will (unless CIENA
agrees at such time to waive the closing condition in 
Section 6.2(c)
)
alternatively be structured so that a wholly-owned subsidiary of CIENA which
will be a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (Merger
Sub), will merge into Company in a reverse triangular merger intended to
qualify as a reorganization under Section 368 of the Code. No change in
structure shall (i) alter or change the amount or kind of the Merger
Consideration or the tax-free treatment of the Merger, (ii) materially impede
or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
(iii) materially and adversely affect the ability of any party to timely
perform its obligations under this Agreement or



 otherwise to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
If such change in structure is made, the parties agree to execute an
appropriate amendment to this Agreement and any other documents necessary in
order to reflect such election and its consequences to the structure of the
Merger.

SECTION 1.2. Certificate of Incorporation.

         The Certificate of Incorporation of CIENA, as in effect immediately prior
to the Effective Time (the CIENA Certificate), shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Company, until thereafter amended as provided
therein and by law.

SECTION 1.3. The By-Laws.

         The By-laws of CIENA, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, shall be the By-laws of the Surviving Company, until thereafter amended
as provided therein and by law.

SECTION 1.4. Board of Directors and Officers.

         From and after the Effective Time, the Board of Directors and Officers of
CIENA at the Effective Time shall continue as the Board of Directors and
Officers of the Surviving Company, each to hold office until his or her
respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

SECTION 1.5. Conversion of Securities.

         At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of the Company or the holders of the Companys common stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (the Company Common Stock):

         (a)  Each issued and outstanding share of CIENA capital stock immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall remain outstanding and unaffected as issued
and outstanding shares of the Surviving Company;

         (b)  Each share of Company Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company
and each share of Company Common Stock owned by CIENA shall be canceled without
any conversion thereof and no payment or distribution shall be made with
respect thereto; and

         (c)  At the Effective Time, each then issued and outstanding share of
Company Common Stock shall be converted into, and become exchangeable for the
right to receive consideration (the Merger Consideration), consisting of
0.7104 shares (the Exchange Ratio) of the common stock, par value $0.01 per
share of CIENA (the CIENA Common Stock).

               All references in this Agreement to CIENA Common Stock to be received in
accordance with the Merger shall be deemed, from and after the Effective Time,
to include the corresponding fraction of a right (Right) to purchase shares
of series A junior participating preferred stock, par value $.01 per share,
pursuant to the Rights Agreement dated as of December 29, 1997 between CIENA
and Equiserve Trust Company, N.A. (formerly Bank of Boston, N.A.) as amended by
the First Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of June 2, 1998, the Second
Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of September 13, 1998, and the Third
Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of October 19, 1998 (the Rights
Agreement). After the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock
shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired,
and each holder of a certificate representing any such shares shall cease to
have any rights with respect thereto other than (i) the right to receive shares
of CIENA Common Stock to be issued in consideration therefor upon the surrender
of such certificate, (ii) any dividends and other distributions in accordance
with 
Section 1.8(c) 
and (iii) any cash, without interest, to be paid in lieu of
any fractional share of CIENA Common Stock in accordance with 
Section 1.9
.

SECTION 1.6. Adjustment of the Exchange Ratio.

         In the event that, prior to the Effective Date, any stock split,
combination, reclassification or stock dividend with respect to the CIENA
Common Stock, any change or conversion of CIENA Common Stock into other
securities or any other dividend or distribution with respect to the CIENA
Common Stock should occur or, if a record date with respect to any of the
foregoing should occur, appropriate and proportionate adjustments shall be made
to the Exchange Ratio, and thereafter all references to the Exchange Ratio
shall be deemed to be to such Exchange Ratio as so adjusted.

SECTION 1.7. Exchange Procedures; Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged

Shares; Stock Transfer Books.

         (a)  As of the Effective Time, CIENA shall deposit with the Exchange Agent
for the benefit of the holders of shares of Company Common Stock, certificates
representing the shares of the CIENA Common Stock to be issued

-2-



 pursuant to 
Section 1.5(c) 
in exchange for the shares of Company Common
Stock and if applicable, any cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to

Section 1.8
. (Such shares of CIENA Common Stock, together with any dividends
or distributions with respect thereto pursuant to 
Sections 1.7(c) 
and 
1.8
, and
such cash are referred to herein as the Exchange Fund).

         (b)  As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, CIENA shall cause the
Exchange Agent to send to each Person who was, at the Effective Time, a holder
of record of certificates which represented outstanding Company Common Stock
(the Certificates) which shares were converted into the right to receive
CIENA Common Stock pursuant to 
Section 1.5
, a letter of transmittal which (i)
shall specify that delivery shall be effected and risk of loss and title to
such Certificates shall pass, only upon actual delivery thereof to the Exchange
Agent and (ii) shall contain instructions for use in effecting the surrender of
the Certificates. Upon surrender to the Exchange Agent of Certificates for
cancellation, together with such letter of transmittal duly executed, such
holder shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor (A) a certificate
representing the number of whole shares of CIENA Common Stock into which the
Company Common Stock represented by the surrendered Certificate shall have been
converted at the Effective Time (B) cash in lieu of any fractional share of
CIENA Common Stock in accordance with 
Section 1.8 
and (C) certain dividends and
distributions in accordance with 
Section 1.7(c)
, and the Certificates so
surrendered shall then be canceled. Subject to 
Section 1.7(c) 
and 
Section 1.8
,
until surrendered as contemplated by this 
Section 1.7(b)
, each Certificate,
from and after the Effective Time, shall be deemed to represent only the right
to receive, upon such surrender, the number of shares of CIENA Common Stock
into which such Company Common Stock shall have been converted.

         (c)  No dividend or other distribution declared or made after the Effective
Time with respect to the CIENA Common Stock with a record date after the
Effective Time shall be paid to any holder entitled by reason of the Merger to
receive certificates representing CIENA Common Stock and no cash payment in
lieu of a fractional share of CIENA Common Stock shall be paid to any such
holder pursuant to 
Section 1.8 
until such holder shall have surrendered its
Certificates pursuant to this 
Section 1.7
. Subject to applicable law,
following surrender of any such Certificate, such holder shall be paid, in each
case, without interest, (i) the amount of any dividends or other distributions
theretofore paid with respect to the shares of CIENA Common Stock represented
by the certificate received by such holder and having a record date on or after
the Effective Time and a payment date prior to such surrender and (ii) at the
appropriate payment date or as promptly as practicable thereafter, the amount
of any dividends or other distributions payable with respect to such shares of
CIENA Common Stock and having a record date on or after the Effective Time but
prior to such surrender and a payment date on or after such surrender.

         (d)  If any certificate representing shares of CIENA Common Stock or any
cash is to be issued or paid to any Person other than the registered holder of
the Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor, it shall be a condition to
such exchange that such surrendered Certificate shall be properly endorsed and
otherwise in proper form for transfer and such Person either (i) shall pay to
the Exchange Agent any transfer or other taxes required as a result of the
issuance of such certificates of CIENA Common Stock and the distribution of
such cash payment to such Person or (ii) shall establish to the reasonable
satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not
applicable. CIENA or the Exchange Agent shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to
any holder of shares of Company Common Stock such amounts as CIENA or the
Exchange Agent is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of
such payment under the Code, or any provision of state, local or foreign tax
law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by CIENA or the Exchange
Agent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this
Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Common
Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by CIENA or
the Exchange Agent. All amounts in respect of taxes received or withheld by
CIENA shall be disposed of by CIENA in accordance with the Code or such state,
local or foreign tax law, as applicable.

         (e)  If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to
be lost, stolen or destroyed and subject to such other conditions as the Board
of Directors of CIENA may impose. CIENA shall issue in exchange for such
lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the shares of CIENA Common Stock as
determined under 
Section 1.5(c) 
and pay any cash, dividends and distributions
as determined in accordance with 
Section 1.7(c) 
and 
Section 1.8 
in respect of
such Certificate. When authorizing such issue of shares of CIENA Common Stock
(and payment of any such cash, dividends and distribution) in exchange for such
Certificate, the Board of Directors of CIENA (or any authorized officer
thereof) may, in its reasonable discretion and as a condition precedent to the
issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate to give CIENA a bond in such sum as the Board of Directors may
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against CIENA with
respect to the Certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

         (f)  At the close of business on the day on which the Effective Time
occurs, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and thereafter
there shall be no further registration of transfers of shares of Company Common
Stock on the records of the Company. From and after the Effective Time, the
holders of shares of Company Common

-3-



 Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to
have any rights with respect to such shares except as otherwise provided herein
or by applicable law.

         (g)  Holders of unsurrendered Certificates who were the registered holders
at the Effective Time shall be entitled to vote after the Effective Time at any
meeting of CIENA stockholders the number of whole shares of CIENA Common Stock
represented by such Certificates, regardless of whether such holders have
exchanged their Certificates.

SECTION 1.8. No Fractional Shares.

         No certificates or scrip representing fractional shares of CIENA Common
Stock shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of Certificates and such
a fractional share shall not entitle the record or beneficial owner thereof to
vote or to any other rights as a stockholder of CIENA. In lieu of receiving
any such fractional share, each holder of Company Common Stock who would
otherwise have been entitled thereto upon the surrender of Certificates for
exchange will receive cash (without interest) in an amount rounded to the
nearest whole cent, determined by multiplying (i) the per share closing price
on NASDAQ of CIENA Common Stock on the date on which the Effective Time shall
occur (or, if the CIENA Common Stock shall not trade on NASDAQ on such date,
the first day of trading in CIENA Common Stock on NASDAQ thereafter) by (ii)
the fractional share to which such holder would otherwise be entitled. CIENA
shall make available to the Exchange Agent the cash necessary for this purpose.

SECTION 1.9. Return of Exchange Fund.

         Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to the former
holders of Company Common Stock for six months after the Effective Date shall
be delivered to CIENA, upon its request, and any such former holders who have
not theretofore surrendered to the Exchange Agent their Certificates in
compliance herewith shall thereafter look only to CIENA for payment of their
claim for shares of CIENA Common Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional shares
of CIENA Common Stock and any dividends or distributions with respect to such
shares of CIENA Common Stock. Neither CIENA nor the Company shall be liable to
any former holder of Company Common Stock for any such shares of CIENA Common
Stock held in the Exchange Fund (and any cash, dividends and distributions
payable in respect thereof) which is delivered to a public official pursuant to
an official request under any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
law.

SECTION 1.10. No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock.

         All shares of CIENA Common Stock delivered upon the surrender for exchange
of any Certificate in accordance with the terms hereof (including any cash paid
pursuant to 
Section 1.7, Section 1.8 
or 
Section 1.9
) shall be deemed to have
been delivered (and paid) in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the
Company Common Stock previously represented by such Certificate.

SECTION 1.11. Further Assurances.

         If at any time after the Effective Time the Surviving Company shall
consider or be advised that any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances
or any other acts or things are necessary, desirable or proper (a) to vest,
perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Surviving Company, its
right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, privileges, powers,
franchises, properties or Assets of the Company or (b) otherwise to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement, the Surviving Company and its proper officers
and directors or their designees shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in
the name and on behalf of the Company, all such deeds, bills of sale,
assignments and assurances and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company,
all such other acts and things necessary, desirable or proper to vest, perfect
or confirm its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights,
privileges, powers, franchises, properties or Assets of the Company and
otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

SECTION 1.12. Appraisal Rights.

         In accordance with Section 262(b) of the DGCL, no appraisal rights shall
be available to holders of Company Common Stock in connection with the Merger.

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

         The Company hereby represents and warrants to CIENA as follows:

SECTION 2.1. Organization and Qualification.

         The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of Delaware and each of its Subsidiaries is a
corporation or other entity duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of organization. Each
of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has all requisite

-4-



 power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted and to
perform the terms of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
Except as disclosed on 
Schedule 2.1
, each of the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct its business, and is in good
standing, in each jurisdiction in which the ownership or leasing of its Assets
or the nature of its activities in connection with the conduct of its business
makes such qualification necessary or in which the failure to be so qualified
and in good standing would have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company
does not directly or indirectly own any equity or similar interest in, or any
interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any equity or
similar interest in, any Person other than its Subsidiaries, except as set
forth on 
Schedule 2.1
.

SECTION 2.2. Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

         The Company has heretofore delivered or made available to CIENA a complete
and correct copy of the Company Certificate and the bylaws of the Company, each
as amended to date. Such Company Certificate and bylaws are in full force and
effect. The Company is not in violation of any of the provisions of the
Company Certificate or its bylaws. The Company has heretofore delivered or
made available to CIENA a complete and correct copy of each Subsidiaries
charter and bylaws or equivalent organizational documents, each as amended to
and as in effect as of the date hereof.

SECTION 2.3. Capitalization.

         (a)  The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 700,000,000
shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of which 141,458,654
shares are issued and outstanding on the date hereof, and 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, none of which are issued and
outstanding on the date hereof. The Company has not granted any options,
warrants or other rights, or entered into any agreements, arrangements or
commitments of any character relating to the issued or unissued capital stock
of the Company, or obligating the Company to issue or sell any shares of
capital stock of, or other equity interests in the Company, including any
securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for any capital stock or other equity securities of the Company
except that as of the date hereof, there were 11,786,528 shares reserved for
issuance pursuant to the options outstanding under the Companys 1997 Stock
Option Plan, 1998 Equity Incentive Plan, 1999 Equity Incentive Plan, 2000
Equity Incentive Plan and Davis Stock Option Plan and Agreement (collectively,
the Company Option Plans), 3,057,540 shares subject to issuance pursuant to
the Companys 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP and together with
the Company Option Plans, the Company Stock Plans), 543,820 shares subject to
issuance pursuant to the Overseas Options, up to 7,262,858 shares subject to
options issuable pursuant to the Offer to Exchange, 836,953 shares reserved
for issuance pursuant to certain outstanding warrants issued by the Company
that are described on 
Schedule 2.3 
and 3,273,870 shares issuable upon
conversion of the Companys 5% Convertible Subordinated Notes due October 15,
2005 (the Notes). Except for the Notes, the Company does not have
outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of
which have the right to vote (or convertible into or exercisable for securities
having the right to vote) with the Stockholders of the Company on any matter.
There are no outstanding obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or make any investment (in
the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any other Person
except for outstanding rights of the Company to repurchase unvested shares of
Company Common Stock, at the original purchase price paid per share, upon the
holders termination of service or employment with the Company. All of the
issued and outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock, have been duly
authorized and validly issued in accordance with applicable laws and are fully
paid and non-assessable and not subject to preemptive rights. Each of the
outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities of each of the
Companys Subsidiaries is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable and is owned by the Company or a Company Subsidiary, free and
clear of any lien, pledge, security interest or other Encumbrance. Except as
disclosed herein, no shares of capital stock of the Company have been reserved
for any purpose. 
Schedule 2.3 
contains a list, which is complete and accurate
in all respects as of the date hereof, of each outstanding option and warrant
to purchase or acquire shares under each of the Company Stock Plans or
otherwise, including the Plan pursuant to which such option or warrant was
issued, if applicable, the holder, date of grant, exercise price, vesting and
acceleration provisions and number of shares subject thereto.

         (b)  Except for the Notes and as set forth on 
Schedule 2.3
, the Company has
no outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money and all such indebtedness except
as is set forth on 
Schedule 2.3 
is prepayable in full, without premium or
penalty, at any time, except as otherwise described thereon.

SECTION 2.4. Authority.

         (a)  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been
duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, except
approval by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company

-5-



 Common Stock (the Company Requisite Vote) and the filing of the
Certificate of Merger as contemplated by 
Section 1.1(b)
. Assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery by CIENA, this Agreement constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and by the
application of general principles of equity.

         (b)  The Board of Directors has duly and unanimously approved this
Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby to
which the Company is a party, and has duly and unanimously recommended adoption
thereof by the stockholders of the Company.

SECTION 2.5. No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

         (a)  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company does not,
and the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement will
not, (i) conflict with or violate the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Company (the Company Certificate) or the bylaws of the Company, (ii) conflict
with or violate any Law applicable to the Company, or (iii) result in any
breach of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of
time or both would become a default) under any material note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other
instrument or obligation to which it is subject, except as set forth on

Schedule 2.5(a)
.

         (b)  Other than the filings and/or notices pursuant to or required by (i)
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act) and Applicable Foreign Competition Laws, (ii) the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), (iii) the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), (iv) state
securities or blue-sky laws, (v) Section 251 of the DGCL and (vi) Nasdaq, the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by
the Company of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby do not
require any filings, notices, consents or approvals with or by any court,
administrative agency, commission, government or regulatory authority, domestic
or foreign, except those that the failure to make or obtain would not,
individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably likely to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the
ability of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

         (c)  All consents and waivers required from any person in order to carry
out the transactions contemplated hereby under any contract, lease or agreement
to which the Company is a party are set forth on 
Schedule 2.5
, except those
that the failure to make or obtain would not, individually or in the aggregate,
be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or prevent,
materially delay or materially impair the ability of the Company to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

SECTION 2.6. Company Reports: Financial Statements.

         The Company has delivered or made available to CIENA each registration
statement, report, proxy statement or information statement prepared by it
since December 31, 2000 (the Company Audit Date), including (a) the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (b) the
Companys Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March
31, June 30 and September 30, 2001 and (c) the Companys definitive Proxy
Statement for its 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, each in the form
(including exhibits, annexes and any amendments thereto) filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on or prior to the date hereof
(collectively, the Company Reports). As of their respective dates the
Company Reports complied, and any Company reports, registration statements,
proxy or information statements filed with the SEC subsequent to the date
hereof (the Subsequent Company Reports) will comply, as to form in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the SEC. As of their
respective dates, the Company Reports did not, and any Subsequent Company
Reports will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. Each of the consolidated balance sheets included in
or incorporated by reference into the Company Reports and Subsequent Company
Reports (including the related notes and schedules) fairly presents, or will
fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of its date and each of the consolidated
statements of income and of changes in financial position included in or
incorporated by reference into the Company Reports and Subsequent Company
Reports (including any related notes and schedules) fairly presents, or will
fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated results of
operations, retained earnings and changes in financial position, as the case
may be, of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to notes and normal year-end
audit adjustments), in each case in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP) consistently applied during the periods
involved, except as may be noted therein.

-6-



SECTION 2.7. Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

         Except as disclosed in the Company Reports, since the Company Audit Date,
there has been no event or set of circumstances that has resulted in or would
be reasonably likely to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as
disclosed in the Company Reports or as set forth on 
Schedule 2.7
, since the
Company Audit Date, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has conducted its
business in the ordinary course of business, and has not (a) paid any dividend
or distribution in respect of, or redeemed or repurchased any of, its capital
stock other than the Companys repurchase of unvested shares, at the original
purchase price paid per share, from terminating employees or consultants; (b)
incurred loss of, or significant injury to, any of the material Assets, whether
as the result of any natural disaster, labor trouble, accident, other casualty,
or otherwise; (c) incurred, or become subject to, any material liability
(absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, known or unknown), and knows of
no basis for such liabilities, except current liabilities incurred in the
ordinary course of business; (d) mortgaged, pledged or subjected to any
Encumbrance any of its Assets; (e) sold, exchanged, transferred or otherwise
disposed of any of its Assets except in the ordinary course of business, or
canceled any debts or claims; (f) written down the value of any Assets or
written off as uncollectible any accounts receivable, except write downs and
write-offs in the ordinary course of business, none of which, individually or
in the aggregate, are material; (g) entered into any transactions other than in
the ordinary course of business; (h) made any change in any method of
accounting or accounting practice; or (i) made any agreement to do any of the
foregoing, other than negotiations with CIENA and its representatives regarding
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Since the Company Audit Date,
except as disclosed in the Company Reports or set forth in 
Schedule 2.7
, there
has not been: (a) any change in the financial condition, assets, liabilities,
personnel policies or practices, or contracts or business of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or in its relationships with suppliers, customers,
licensors, licensees, distributors, lessors or others, except changes on the
ordinary course of business (it being understood that the Company has incurred
losses from operations); (b) any increase in the compensation or benefits
payable or to become payable by the Company to any of the directors, officers,
consultants or employees of the Company, other than salary increases in
connection with customary performance reviews and customary bonuses consistent
with past practices; (c) any discharge or satisfaction of any Lien or payment
of any liability or obligation other than current liabilities in the ordinary
course of business; or (d) any agreement to do any of the foregoing, other than
negotiations with CIENA and its representatives regarding the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

SECTION 2.8. Ownership and Condition of the Assets.

         The Company or a Subsidiary is the sole and exclusive legal and equitable
owner of and has good and marketable title to the Assets it purports to own and
such Assets are free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted
Encumbrances. No person or Government Entity has an option to purchase, right
of first refusal or other similar right with respect to all or any part of such
Assets other than in the ordinary course of business. All of the personal
property of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in good working order
and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and is suitable and adequate for
the uses for which it is intended or is being used.

SECTION 2.9. Leases.

Schedule 2.9 
lists all leases and other agreements under which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is lessee or lessor of any Asset, or holds, manages
or operates any Asset owned by any third party, or under which any Asset owned
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is held, operated or managed by a
third party. The Company or a Subsidiary is the holder of all the leasehold
estates purported to be granted to such entity by the leases listed in 
Schedule
2.9 
and is the owner of all equipment, machinery and other Assets purported to
be owned by the Company or a Subsidiary thereon, free and clear of all
Encumbrances. Each such lease and other agreement is in full force and effect
and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of, and is legally
enforceable against, the respective parties thereto (except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other similar laws of general applicability relating to or
affecting creditors rights generally and by the application of general
principles of equity) and grants the leasehold estate it purports to grant free
and clear of all Encumbrances, except to the extent that the failure to do so
would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. All necessary governmental
approvals required to be obtained by the Company or any Subsidiary with respect
thereto have been obtained, all necessary filings or registrations therefor
have been made, and to the Companys Knowledge, there have been no threatened
cancellations thereof and are no outstanding disputes thereunder. The Company
and each of its Subsidiaries has performed in all material respects all
obligations thereunder required to be performed by such entity to date.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default in any material respect
under any of the foregoing and to the Companys Knowledge, no other party is in
default in any material respect under any of the foregoing, and there has not
occurred any event which (whether with or without notice, lapse of time or the
happening or occurrence of any other event) would, constitute a default on the
part of the Company or any Subsidiary, or to the Companys Knowledge, a party
other than the Company.

-7-



SECTION 2.10. Material Contracts.

         All of the Material Contracts of the Company and its Subsidiaries that are
required to be described in the Company Reports or to be filed as exhibits
thereto are described in the Company Reports or filed as exhibits thereto and
are in full force and effect in all material respects, except where the failure
to be in full force and effect would not have, or reasonably be expected to
result in, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party is in
breach of or in default under any such Contract except for such breaches and
defaults as individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not be
reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as
disclosed on 
Schedule 2.10
, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
party to any agreement containing any provision or covenant limiting in any
material respect the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to (a)
sell any products or services of or to any other person, (b) engage in any line
of business or (c) compete with or to obtain products or services from any
person or limiting the ability of any person to provide products or services to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company has delivered or made
available to CIENA all Material Contracts which would be required to be filed
or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Companys 2001 Annual Report on
Form 10-K under the Exchange Act were such Report filed on the date hereof.

SECTION 2.11. Real Property.

Schedule 2.11 
contains a list of all leasehold interests in real estate,
easements, rights to access, rights-of-way and other real property interests
which are owned, or are leased, used or held for use by the Company or any
Subsidiary (collectively, the Real Property). The Real Property listed in

Schedule 2.11 
constitutes all real property interests necessary to conduct the
business and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries as now conducted.
To the Companys Knowledge, there is no easement or other real property
interest, other than those listed in 
Schedule 2.11
, that is required, or that
has been asserted by a Government Entity to be required, to conduct the
business and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company has
delivered or made available to CIENA true and complete copies of all deeds,
leases, easements, rights-of-way and other instruments pertaining to the Real
Property (including any and all amendments and other modifications of such
instruments). All Real Property (including the improvements thereon) (i) is in
good condition and repair other than conditions that do not adversely affect
its use by the Company and its Subsidiaries and consistent with its present
use, (ii) is available to the Company and its Subsidiaries for immediate use in
the conduct of their business and operations, and (iii) to the Companys
Knowledge complies in all material respects with all applicable building or
zoning codes and in the regulations of any Governmental Entity having
jurisdiction.

SECTION 2.12. Environmental Matters.

         (a)  The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has complied in all material
respects with all Environmental Laws. To the Companys Knowledge, there are no
pending or threatened, actions, suits, claims, legal proceedings or other
proceedings against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries based on any
Environmental Laws, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received any notice of any complaint, order, directive, citation, notice of
responsibility, notice of potential responsibility, or information request from
any Government Entity or any other person arising out of or attributable to:
(i) the current or past presence at any part of the Real Property of Hazardous
Materials (as defined below) or any substances that pose a hazard to human
health or an impediment to working conditions; (ii) the current or past release
or threatened release into the environment from the Real Property (including,
without limitation, into any storm drain, sewer, septic system or publicly
owned treatment works) of any Hazardous Materials or any substances that pose a
hazard to human health or an impediment to working conditions; (iii) the
off-site disposal of Hazardous Materials originating on or from the Real
Property; (iv) any facility operations or procedures of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries which do not conform to requirements of the Environmental
Laws; or (v) any violation of Environmental Laws at any part of the Real
Property or otherwise arising from the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries
activities involving Hazardous Materials.

         (b)  The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has been duly issued, and
currently has all permits, licenses, certificates and approvals required to be
maintained by it under any Environmental Law with respect to the use of the
Real Property by it. A true and complete list of such permits, licenses,
certificates and approvals, all of which are valid and in full force and
effect, is set out in 
Schedule 2.12
. Except in accordance with such permits,
licenses, certificates and approvals, there has been no discharge of any
Hazardous Materials by the Company or any Subsidiary or any other material
regulated by such permits, licenses, certificates or approvals.

         (c) To the Companys knowledge, none of the Real Property contains any
underground storage tanks, or underground piping associated with such tanks,
used currently or in the past for Hazardous Materials.

-8-



SECTION 2.13. Litigation.

         Except as disclosed in the Company Reports or 
Schedule 2.13
, there is no
action, suit, investigation, claim, arbitration or litigation pending or, to
the Companys Knowledge, threatened against or involving the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries, or any of their Assets, at law or in equity, or before or by
any court, arbitrator or Government Entity that would reasonably be expected to
result in a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is operating under, or subject to, any judgment, writ, order,
injunction, award or decree of any court, judge, justice or magistrate,
including any bankruptcy court or judge, or any order of or by any Government
Entity. No property or Assets of the Company or any Subsidiary has been taken
or expropriated by any federal, state, provincial, municipal or other
Government Entity nor has any notice or proceeding with respect to thereof been
given or commenced, nor does the Company have Knowledge of any intent or
proposal by any Governmental Entity to give any such notice or commence any
such proceeding.

SECTION 2.14. Compliance with Laws.

         Except as disclosed in 
Schedule 2.14
, the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with all Laws applicable
to its Assets and its business and operations, including all Laws applicable to
the Companys and each Subsidiarys relationship with its employees.

SECTION 2.15. Intellectual Property.

         (a)  The Company or one or more Subsidiaries has all right, title, interest
and license rights necessary to use all trademarks, tradenames, service marks,
trade secrets, know-how, copyrights, software, and, to the Companys knowledge,
patents, (Intellectual Property Rights) used in the business of the Company
and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted. Except as set forth on 
Schedule
2.15
, there are no claims or demands against the Company by any other Person or
notice letters received by the Company or any Subsidiary pertaining to any of
such Intellectual Property Rights and no material proceedings have been
instituted, or are pending or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened,
which challenge the rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect
thereof, except as described in the Company Reports. To the Knowledge of the
Company, the Company or one or more Subsidiaries has the right to use, without
infringing in any material respect the intellectual property rights of others,
all customer lists, designs, manufacturing or other processes, computer
software, systems, data compilations, research results and other information
required for or incident to its products or its business as presently
conducted.

         (b)  
Schedule 2.15(b) 
lists all material patents, patent applications,
registered trademarks, trademark applications and registrations and registered
copyrights owned or registered in the name of the Company or any Subsidiary and
used by the Company or any Subsidiary in its business as currently conducted.
All of such patents, patent applications, registered trademarks, trademark
applications and registrations and registered copyrights, if any, have been
duly registered in, filed in or issued by the United States Patent and
Trademark Office, the United States Register of Copyrights, or the
corresponding offices of other jurisdictions as identified on 
Schedule 2.15(b)
,
and have been properly maintained and renewed in accordance with all applicable
provisions of law and administrative regulations in the United States and each
such jurisdiction except as set forth on 
Schedule 2.15(b)
.

         (c)  All material licenses or other agreements under which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is granted rights in Intellectual Property Rights are
listed on 
Schedule 2.15(c)
. All such licenses or other Agreements are in full
force and effect, there is no material default by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or, to the Companys Knowledge, any party thereto. To the
Knowledge of the Company, the licensors under such licenses and other
agreements have and had all requisite power and authority to grant the rights
purported to be conferred thereby. True and complete copies of all such
licenses or other Agreements, and any amendments thereto, have been furnished
or made available to CIENA.

         (d)  All material licenses or other agreements under which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries has granted rights to others in Intellectual Property
Rights owned or licensed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are listed
on 
Schedule 2.15(d)
. All of such licenses or other agreements are in full
force and effect, and there is no material default by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or to the Companys Knowledge, by any party thereto. True and
complete copies of all such licenses or other agreements, and any amendments
thereto, have been made available to CIENA.

         (e) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has taken all reasonable
steps it believes to be required in accordance with sound business practice to
establish and preserve its ownership of all material copyright, trade secret
and other proprietary rights with respect to its products and technology.
Except as disclosed on 
Schedule 2.15(e)
, the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries has required all professional and technical employees and
independent contractors having access to valuable non-public information of the
Company and each of its Subsidiaries to execute agreements under which such
persons are required to maintain the confidentiality of such information and
appropriately restricting the use thereof. The Company does not have Knowledge
of any infringement by others of any Intellectual Property Rights of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

-9-



         (f)  To the Knowledge of the Company, except as set forth on 
Schedule
2.15(f)
, the present business, activities and products of the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries do not infringe any Intellectual Property Rights of any
other Person. No proceeding charging the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
with infringement of any Intellectual Property Rights has been filed or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, is threatened or likely to be filed. To the
Knowledge of the Company, except as disclosed in the Company Reports, there
exists no unexpired patent or patent application that includes claims that
would be infringed by the products, activities or business of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries. To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is making any unauthorized use of any confidential
information or trade secrets of any Person, including without limitation, any
customer of the Company or any Subsidiary, or any past or present employee of
the Company or any Subsidiary. Except for customer contracts in the ordinary
course of business and confidentiality agreements by employees with former
employers, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the
Knowledge of the Company, any of its employees have any agreements or
arrangements with any Persons other than the Company related to confidential
information or trade secrets of such Persons or restricting any such employees
engagement in business activities of any nature. To the Knowledge of the
Company, the activities of its employees on behalf of the Company and its
Subsidiaries do not violate any such agreements or arrangements.

         (g)  To the knowledge of the Company, none of the current officers and
employees of the Company or any Subsidiary has any issued patent or patent
application pending for any device, process, design or invention of any kind
used (currently or in the 12 months prior to the date hereof) by the Company or
any Subsidiary, or is intended to be used by the Company or any Subsidiary or
its successor in the future, which patent or patent application has not been
assigned to the Company or any Subsidiary, with such assignment duly recorded
in the patent office of the relevant jurisdiction. Binding, written
assignments to the Company or any Subsidiary have been executed by all
inventors for those patents and patent applications set forth on 
Schedule
2.15(b)
.

         SECTION 2.16. Taxes and Assessments.

         The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has (i) filed all Tax Returns it
was required to file and duly and timely paid all Taxes which have become due
and payable by it, and there are no agreements, waivers or other arrangements
providing for an extension of time with respect to the payment of any Tax; (ii)
received no written notice of, nor does the Company have any Knowledge of, any
notice of deficiency or assessment or proposed deficiency or assessment from
any taxing Government Entity; (iii) no Knowledge of any audits pending and
there are no outstanding agreements or waivers by the Company or any Subsidiary
that extend the statutory period of limitations applicable to any federal,
state, local, or foreign tax returns or Taxes; and (iv) not entered into any
discussions with any federal, state, local, or foreign authority with respect
to any Tax asserted by such authority. The Tax Returns of the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries have never been audited by federal, state, local, or
foreign authorities. There are no Liens on any property of the Company or any
Subsidiary that arose in connection with any failure (or alleged failure) to
pay any material Tax when due. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has
withheld from each payment made to any of its past or present employees,
officers or directors, and to any non-residents, the amount of Taxes and other
deductions required to be withheld therefrom and has paid the same (or set
aside for timely payment) to the proper Tax or other receiving officers within
the time required under applicable Laws. The Taxes of the Company and each of
its Subsidiaries (i) did not, as of the most recent Company Report that
included financial statements exceed the reserve for Tax Liability (rather than
any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences
between book and Tax income) set forth in the most recent Company Report
(rather than any notes thereto) and (ii) do not exceed that reserve as adjusted
for the passing of time through the Effective Time.

SECTION 2.17. Employment and Benefit Matters.

         (a)  
Pension and Benefit Plans and Other Arrangements
. 
Schedule 2.17(a)

lists each employee benefit plan, program, arrangement and contract (including,
without limitation, any employee benefit plan as defined by Section 3(3) of
ERISA), and any benefit program or policy providing for bonuses, incentive
compensation, vacation pay, severance pay, insurance restricted stock, stock
options, employee discounts, company cars, tuition reimbursement or any other
perquisite or benefit (including, without limitation, any fringe benefit under
Section 132 of the Code), applicable to current or former employees or
individual consultants of the Company and each Subsidiary to which it has
contributed or under which it has any material liability (collectively, the
Company Benefit Plans). The Company has delivered or made available to
CIENA, to the extent they exist, a true and correct copy of (i) the three most
recent annual reports (Form 5500 series) filed with the Internal Revenue
Service (the IRS) with respect to each Company Benefit Plan or similar report
of the jurisdiction in which such employee benefit plan is located, (ii) each
such Company Benefit Plan document, (iii) each trust agreement or other funding
vehicle relating to each such Company Benefit Plan, (iv) the most recent
summary plan description for each Company Benefit Plan for which a summary plan
description is required, and (v) the most recent determination letter issued by
the IRS with respect to any Company Benefit Plan qualified under Section 401(a)
of the Code or similar report of the jurisdiction in which such employee
benefit plan is

-10-



 located. No Company Benefit Plan is or has ever been a defined benefit
plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA), a Voluntary
Employees Beneficiary Association (within the meaning of Section 501(c)(9) of
the Code) or an employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of Section
4975(e)(7) of the Code). No Company Benefit Plan is a multiemployer plan as
such term is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA. No Company Benefit Plan
provides for post-retirement medical or life insurance to current, former or
retired employees of the Company (other than legally required health care
continuation coverage). All Company Benefit Plans subject to the Laws of any
jurisdiction other than the United States of America or one of its political
subdivisions comply with, and have been administered in compliance with, the
Laws of such foreign jurisdiction.

         (b)  
Compliance
. Except as disclosed on 
Schedule 2.17(b)
, the Company and
each Subsidiary has complied, in all material respects, with all applicable
provisions of the Company Benefit Plans and the Code, ERISA, the National Labor
Relations Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Worker
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (the WARN Act), the Americans with
Disabilities Act, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and all other Laws
pertaining to the Company Benefit Plans or relations with employees, and other
employee or employment related benefits, and all premiums and assessments
relating to all Company Benefit Plans. To the Companys Knowledge, all Company
Benefit Plans that are subject to Section 4980B(f) of the Code and Sections 601
through 609 of ERISA comply with and have been administered in compliance with
the health care continuation coverage requirements for tax-favored status under
Section 4980B(f) of the Code, Sections 601 through 609 of ERISA and all final
Treasury Regulations under Section 4890B of the Code explaining those
requirements and all other applicable Laws regarding continuation and/or
conversion coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any liability
for any delinquent contributions within the meaning of Section 515 of ERISA
(including, without limitation, related attorneys fees, costs, liquidated
damages and interest) or for any arrearages of wages. Neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary has any pending unfair labor practice charges, contract
grievances under any collective bargaining agreement, other administrative
charges, claims, grievances or lawsuits before any court, governmental agency,
regulatory body, or arbiter arising under any Law governing any Company Benefit
Plan or any other Law relating to the Companys or its Subsidiaries
relationships with their employees, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no
such action has been threatened and there exist no facts that could reasonably
be expected to give rise to such a claim. All Company Benefit Plans intended
to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code are so qualified. Except as
disclosed on 
Schedule 2.17(b)
, no Company Benefit Plan, individually or
collectively, provides for any payment by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
employee or other service provider that is not deductible under Section
162(a)(1) or 404 of the Code or that is an excess parachute payment pursuant
to Section 280G of the Code.

         (c)  
Collective Bargaining Agreements
. There are no collective bargaining
agreements applicable to the Companys or any of its Subsidiarys employees and
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any duty to bargain with
any labor organization with respect to any such persons. There is not pending
any demand for recognition or any other request or demand from a labor
organization for representative status with respect to any persons employed by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

         (d)  
Employee Information
. 
Schedule 2.17(d) 
sets forth a list of the
names, positions and rates of compensation of all officers, directors,
employees and individual consultants of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as of
the date hereof, showing each such persons name, positions, and annual
remuneration, bonuses and material fringe benefits for the current fiscal year
and the most recently completed fiscal year. With respect to any persons
employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company and its
Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Laws respecting employment conditions
and practices, have withheld all amounts required by any applicable Laws to be
withheld from wages.

         (e)  
Employment Practices
. Except as disclosed on 
Schedule 2.17(e)
, with
respect to any persons employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (i)
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has engaged in any unfair labor practice
within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act or violated any legal
requirement prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, national
origin, sex, religion, age, marital status, handicap, or any other
classification or status protected by Law, in its employment conditions or
practices; and (ii) there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened unfair labor practice charges or discrimination complaints relating
to race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, marital status, or
handicap against the Company or any Subsidiary before any Government Entity
nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, does any basis therefor exist.

         (f)  
Contributions to the Company Benefit Plans
. All contributions to, and
payments from, each Company Benefit Plan which may have been required to be
made in accordance with the terms of such plan, and, where applicable, the laws
of the jurisdiction which govern such plan, have been made in a timely manner,
and all material reports, returns and similar documents (including applications
for approval of contributions) with respect to any

-11-



 Company Benefit Plan required to be filed with any Governmental Entity or
distributed to any participant of such plan have been duly filed on a timely
basis or distributed.

         (g)  
Immigration Laws
. To the Companys Knowledge, the Company and each of
its Subsidiaries has complied, in all material respects, with all Laws
governing the employment of personnel by U.S. companies and the employment of
non-U.S. nationals in the United States, including, but not limited to, the
Immigration and Nationality Act 8 U.S.C. Sections 1101 et seq. and its
implementing regulations.

SECTION 2.18. Transactions with Related Parties.

         Except as set forth in the Company Reports, since the Company Audit Date
no event has occurred that would be required to be reported by the Company
pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC in a proxy
statement for an annual meeting of stockholders.

SECTION 2.19. Insurance and List of Claims.

Schedule 2.19 
contains a list of all policies of title, property, fire,
casualty, liability, life, workmens compensation, libel and slander, and other
forms of insurance of any kind relating to the business and operations of the
Company and each Subsidiary, all of which are in full force and effect as of
the date hereof. The Company has delivered to CIENA true and correct copies of
all policies requested by CIENA. Except as disclosed on 
Schedule 2.19
, all
such policies insure against risks of the kind customarily insured against and
in amounts customarily carried by corporations similarly situated. All
premiums due and payable on all such policies have been paid. A true and
complete list of all material claims made since December 31, 2000 under any of
the policies (or their predecessors) listed on 
Schedule 2.19 
is included on

Schedule 2.19
.

SECTION 2.20. Brokers.

         No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage,
finders or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
any of the Company or any Subsidiary, except for fees to be paid by the Company
to Goldman, Sachs & Co. pursuant to an engagement letter between the Company
and Goldman, Sachs & Co dated January 20, 2002, a copy of which has been made
available to CIENA.

SECTION 2.21. Disclosure.

         The Company has provided CIENA with all applicable or relevant documents
and information which CIENA has requested in writing. True and complete copies
of all documents listed in the Schedules to this Agreement have been made
available or provided to CIENA. The books of account, minute books, stock
record books and other financial and corporate records of the Company and each
Subsidiary, all of which have been made available to CIENA, are complete and
correct and have been maintained in accordance with good business practices,
including the maintenance of an adequate system of internal accounting
controls, and such book and records are accurately reflected in the financial
statements included in the Company Reports. The minute books of the Company
and each Subsidiary contain accurate and complete records of all meetings held
of, and corporate action by, the stockholders and the board of directors (and
committees thereof) of the Company and each Subsidiary, and no meeting of any
such stockholders or board of directors (or committees thereof) has been held
for which minutes have not been prepared and are not contained in such minute
books.

SECTION 2.22. Absence of Violation.

         To the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company or any Subsidiary,
nor any of their officers, directors, employees or agents (or stockholders,
distributors, representatives or other persons acting on the express, implied
or apparent authority of any of the Company or any Subsidiary) have paid, given
or received or have offered or promised to pay, give or receive, any bribe or
other unlawful payment of money or other thing of value, any extraordinary
discount, or any other unlawful inducement, to or from any person, business
association or governmental official or entity in the United States or
elsewhere in connection with or in furtherance of the business of the Company
or any Subsidiary (including, without limitation, any unlawful offer, payment
or promise to pay money or other thing of value (i) to any foreign official or
political party (or official thereof) for the purposes of influencing any act,
decision or omission in order to assist the Company or any Subsidiary in
obtaining business for or with, or directing business to, any person, or (ii)
to any person, while knowing that all or a portion of such money or other thing
of value will be offered, given or promised to any such official or party for
such purposes). To the Knowledge of the Company, the business of the Company
and each Subsidiary is not in any manner dependent upon the making or receipt
of such unlawful payments, discounts or other inducements.

-12-



SECTION 2.23. Customers and Suppliers.

         The Company does not have Knowledge of (i) any termination or cancellation
of (or any intent to terminate or cancel) the business relationship of the
Company or any Subsidiary with (y) any single customer or any group of
affiliated customers who represented five percent (5%) or more of the
consolidated revenues of the business of the Company during the twelve months
ended December 31, 2001, or (z) any single supplier or any group of affiliated
suppliers who provided five percent (5%) or more of the requirements of the
business of the Company or any Subsidiary during the twelve months ended
December 31, 2001, or (ii) any existing condition, state of facts or
circumstances that to the Knowledge of the Company will cause the Company or
any Subsidiary or any of such customers to terminate their relationships or
for any prospective customers to refuse to consider a prospective relationship.
To the Knowledge of the Company, none of the business or prospective business
of the Company or any Subsidiary is in any manner dependent upon the making or
receipt of any payments, discounts or other inducements to any officers,
directors, employees, representatives or agents of any customer.

SECTION 2.24. Takeover Statutes.

         The Board of Directors of the Company has taken all necessary action so
that no restrictive provision of any fair price, moratorium, control
share, or other similar anti-takeover statute or regulation, including, but
not limited to Section 203 of the DGCL (each a Takeover Statute) or
restrictive provision of any applicable anti-takeover provision in the Company
Certificate or bylaws of the Company or any shareholder rights or similar plan,
is, or at the Effective Time will be, applicable to the Company, the Shares,
the Merger or any transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the Stockholder
Agreements. As currently contemplated, the Merger will not constitute a
Change of Control for purposes of the provisions of Article XIV of the
Indenture for the Notes.

SECTION 2.25. Reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code.

         The Company has not taken any actions which would prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code.

SECTION 2.26. Fairness Opinion.

         The Companys Board of Directors has received an opinion from Goldman,
Sachs & Co., dated the date hereof, to the effect that, as of the date hereof,
the Exchange Ratio is fair to the Companys stockholders from a financial point
of view.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CIENA

         CIENA represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

SECTION 3.1. Organization and Qualification.

         CIENA is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and each of its Subsidiaries
is a corporation or other entity duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of organization. Each
of CIENA and its Subsidiaries has the requisite power and authority to own,
lease and operate its Assets and properties, to carry on its business as now
being conducted and to perform the terms of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby. Each of CIENA and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to
conduct its business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the
ownership or leasing of its properties or the nature of its activities in
connection with the conduct of its business makes such qualification necessary,
except for those jurisdictions in which the failure to be so qualified and in
good standing would not have a CIENA Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.2. Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

         CIENA has previously made available to Company complete and correct copies
of the CIENA Certificate and its Bylaws, as amended to date (together, the
CIENA Charter Documents). Such CIENA Charter Documents and equivalent
organizational documents of each of its subsidiaries are in full force and
effect. CIENA is not in violation of any of the provisions of the CIENA
Charter Documents.

SECTION 3.3. Authority.

         (a)  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by CIENA and the
consummation by CIENA of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly
and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of CIENA are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, except approval by holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of CIENA Common Stock (the

-13-



 CIENA Requisite Vote). This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by CIENA and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery
by the Company, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of CIENA,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar
laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights
generally and by the application of general principles of equity.

         (b)  The Board of Directors of CIENA, at a meeting duly called and held (i)
has approved this Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated thereby and (ii) has resolved to submit the proposed Merger to,
and recommend approval thereof by, the stockholders of CIENA.

SECTION 3.4. No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

         (a)  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by CIENA does not, and
the performance by CIENA of its obligations under this Agreement will not, (i)
conflict with or violate the CIENA Charter Documents, (ii) conflict with or
violate any Law applicable to CIENA or its Assets and properties, or (iii)
result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which with the
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or
other instrument or obligation to which CIENA is a party or by which CIENA is
bound, or by which any of its properties or Assets is subject.

         (b)  Other than the filings and/or notices pursuant to or required by (i)
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and Applicable Foreign Competition Laws, (ii) the
Exchange Act, (iii) the Securities Act, (iv) state securities or blue-sky
laws, (v) Section 251 of the DGCL and (vi) Nasdaq, the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by CIENA and the consummation by CIENA of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby do not require any filings, notices,
consents or approvals with or by any court, administrative agency, commission,
government or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, except those that the
failure to make or obtain would not, individually or in the aggregate, be
reasonably likely to have a CIENA Material Adverse Effect or prevent,
materially delay or materially impair the ability of CIENA to consummate
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

SECTION 3.5. Brokers.

         No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage,
finders or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
CIENA, except for fees to be paid by CIENA to Morgan Stanley.

SECTION 3.6. Issuance of CIENA Stock.

         Upon consummation of the Merger, and as of the Effective Time, the shares
of CIENA Stock to be issued in the Merger will be duly and validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Encumbrances imposed by
CIENA, except as contemplated hereby.

SECTION 3.7. SEC Filings.

         CIENA has filed all registration statements, reports, proxy statements or
information statements (the CIENA SEC Documents) required to be filed by it
with the SEC since October 31, 2001 (the CIENA Audit Date). As of their
respective dates the CIENA SEC Documents complied, and any CIENA SEC Documents
filed with the SEC subsequent to the date hereof will comply, as to form in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the SEC. As of their
respective dates, the CIENA SEC Documents did not, and any CIENA SEC Documents
filed with the SEC subsequent to the date hereof will not, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each of the
consolidated balance sheets included in or incorporated by reference into the
CIENA SEC Documents (including the related notes and schedules) fairly
presents, or will fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of CIENA and its Subsidiaries as of its date and each of the
consolidated statements of income and of changes in financial position included
in or incorporated by reference into the CIENA SEC Documents (including any
related notes and schedules) fairly presents, or will fairly present, in all
material respects, the consolidated results of operations, retained earnings
and changes in financial position, as the case may be, of CIENA and its
Subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein (subject, in the case of
unaudited statements, to notes and normal year-end audit adjustments), in each
case in accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the periods involved,
except as may be noted therein.

SECTION 3.8. Litigation.

         Except as disclosed in the CIENA SEC Documents, there is no action, suit,
investigation, claim, arbitration or litigation pending or, to the Knowledge of
CIENA, threatened against or involving CIENA or its Subsidiaries or their
Assets or the business and operations of any of CIENA or its Subsidiaries, at
law or in equity, or before or by any court,

-14-



 arbitrator or Government Entity that would reasonably be expected to
result in a CIENA Material Adverse Effect. Neither CIENA nor any of its
Subsidiaries is operating under or is subject to any judgment, writ, order,
injunction, award or decree of any court, judge, justice or magistrate,
including any bankruptcy court or judge, or any order of or by any Government
Entity. No property or Assets of CIENA or any Subsidiary has been taken or
expropriated by any federal, state, provincial, municipal or other Government
Entity nor has any notice or proceeding with respect to thereof been given or
commenced nor does CIENA have Knowledge of any intent or proposal to give any
such notice or commence any such proceeding.

SECTION 3.9. Capitalization.

         (a)  The authorized capital stock of CIENA consists of 980,000,000 shares
of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of which 328,730,443 shares are
issued and outstanding on the date hereof, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.01 per share, none of which are issued and outstanding on
the date hereof. CIENA has not granted any options, warrants or other rights,
or entered into any agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character
relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of CIENA, or obligating CIENA
to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in
CIENA, including any securities directly or indirectly convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for any capital stock or other equity securities of
CIENA except that as of the date hereof, there were 48,194,551 shares reserved
for issuance pursuant to options outstanding under CIENAs Amended and
Restated 1994 Stock Option Plan, the 1996 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan,
the 1999 Non-Officer Incentive Stock Plan, the Cyras 1998 Stock Option Plan,
the Omnia 1997 Stock Plan and the Lightera 1998 Stock Option Plan
(collectively, the CIENA Option Plans), 3,264,733 shares reserved for
issuance pursuant to CIENAs Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP and
together with CIENA Option Plans, the CIENA Stock Plans), and 6,610,752
shares issuable upon conversion of CIENAs 3.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes
due February 1, 2008 (the CIENA Notes) and 1,037,055 shares issuable upon
conversion of Cyras Systems, LLC 4.5% Convertible Subordinated Notes due August
15, 2005 (the Cyras Notes) . Except for the CIENA Notes and Cyras Notes,
CIENA does not have outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes or other
obligations the holders of which have the right to vote (or convertible into or
exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with the Stockholders of
CIENA on any matter. There are no outstanding obligations of CIENA to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or make
any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in
any other Person except for outstanding rights of CIENA to repurchase unvested
shares of CIENA Common Stock, at the original purchase price paid per share,
upon the holders termination of service or employment with CIENA. All of the
issued and outstanding shares of CIENA Common Stock, have been duly authorized
and validly issued in accordance with applicable laws and are fully paid and
non-assessable and not subject to preemptive rights. Each of the outstanding
shares of capital stock or other securities of each of CIENAs Subsidiaries is
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and is owned by
CIENA or a CIENA Subsidiary, free and clear of any lien, pledge, security
interest or other Encumbrance. Except as disclosed herein, no shares of
capital stock of CIENA have been reserved for any purpose.

         (b)  Except as disclosed in the CIENA SEC Documents, CIENA has no
outstanding material indebtedness for borrowed money and all such indebtedness
except as is set forth on 
Schedule 3.9 
is prepayable in full, without premium
or penalty, at any time, except as otherwise described thereon.

SECTION 3.10. Reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code.

         CIENA has not taken any actions which would prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code.

SECTION 3.11. Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

         Except as disclosed in the CIENA SEC Documents, since the CIENA Audit
Date, there has been no event or set of circumstances that has resulted in or
would be reasonably likely to result in a CIENA Material Adverse Effect.
Except as disclosed in the CIENA SEC Documents or as set forth on 
Schedule
3.11
, since the CIENA Audit Date, CIENA and each of its Subsidiaries has
conducted its business in the ordinary course of business, and has not (a) paid
any dividend or distribution in respect of, or redeemed or repurchased any of,
its capital stock other than CIENAs repurchase of unvested shares, at the
original purchase price paid per share, from terminating employees or
consultants; (b) incurred loss of, or significant injury to, any of the
material Assets, whether as the result of any natural disaster, labor trouble,
accident, other casualty, or otherwise; (c) incurred, or become subject to, any
material liability (absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, known or
unknown), and knows of no basis for such liabilities, except current
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; (d) mortgaged, pledged
or subjected to any Encumbrance any of its Assets; (e) sold, exchanged,
transferred or otherwise disposed of any of its Assets except in the ordinary
course of business, or canceled any debts or claims; (f) written down the value
of any Assets or written off as uncollectible any accounts receivable, except
write downs and write-offs in the ordinary course of business, none of which,
individually or in the aggregate, are material; (g) entered into any
transactions other than in the ordinary course of business; (h) made any change
in any

-15-



 method of accounting or accounting practice; or (i) made any agreement to
do any of the foregoing, other than negotiations with CIENA and its
representatives regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Since the CIENA Audit Date, except as disclosed in the CIENA SEC Documents or
set forth in 
Schedule 3.11
, there has not been: (a) any change in the financial
condition, assets, liabilities, personnel policies or practices, or contracts
or business of CIENA or any of its Subsidiaries or in its relationships with
suppliers, customers, licensors, licensees, distributors, lessors or others,
except changes on the ordinary course of business (it being understood that
CIENA has incurred losses from operations); (b) any increase in the
compensation or benefits payable or to become payable by CIENA to any of the
directors, officers, consultants or employees of CIENA, other than salary
increases in connection with customary performance reviews and customary
bonuses consistent with past practices; (c) any discharge or satisfaction of
any Lien or payment of any liability or obligation other than current
liabilities in the ordinary course of business; or (d) any agreement to do any
of the foregoing, other than negotiations with CIENA and its representatives
regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

SECTION 3.12. Ownership and Condition of the Assets.

         CIENA or a Subsidiary is the sole and exclusive legal and equitable owner
of and has good and marketable title to the Assets it purports to own and such
Assets are free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted
Encumbrances. No person or Government Entity has an option to purchase, right
of first refusal or other similar right with respect to all or any part of such
Assets other than in the ordinary course of business. All of the personal
property of CIENA and each of its Subsidiaries is in good working order and
repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and is suitable and adequate for the
uses for which it is intended or is being used, except to an extent that would
not have a CIENA Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.13. Material Contracts.

         All of the Material Contracts of CIENA and its Subsidiaries that are
required to be described in the CIENA SEC Documents or to be filed as exhibits
thereto are described in the CIENA SEC Documents or filed as exhibits thereto
and are in full force and effect in all material respects, except where the
failure to be in full force and effect would not have, or reasonably be
expected to result in, a CIENA Material Adverse Effect. Neither CIENA nor any
of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of CIENA, any other party is in
breach of or in default under any such Contract except for such breaches and
defaults as individually or in the aggregate have not had and would not be
reasonably likely to have a CIENA Material Adverse Effect. Neither CIENA nor
any of its Subsidiaries is party to any agreement containing any provision or
covenant limiting in any material respect the ability of CIENA or any of its
Subsidiaries to (a) sell any products or services of or to any other person,
(b) engage in any line of business or (c) compete with or to obtain products or
services from any person or limiting the ability of any person to provide
products or services to CIENA or any of its Subsidiaries. CIENA has delivered
or made available to the Company all Material Contracts which would be required
to be filed or incorporated by reference to as exhibits to an Annual Report on
Form 10-K under the Exchange Act were such Report filed on the date hereof.

SECTION 3.14. Environmental Matters.

         CIENA and each of its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects
with all Environmental Laws. There are no pending or, to CIENAs Knowledge,
threatened, actions, suits, claims, legal proceedings or other proceedings
against CIENA or any of its Subsidiaries based on any Environmental Laws, and
neither CIENA nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of any
complaint, order, directs, citation, notice of responsibility, notice of
potential responsibility, or information request from any Government Entity or
any other person arising out of or attributable to: (i) the current or past
presence at any part of the real property used or held by CIENA or any
Subsidiary of Hazardous Materials (as defined below) or any substances that
pose a hazard to human health or an impediment to working conditions; (ii) the
current or past release or threatened release into the environment from the
real property (including, without limitation, into any storm drain, sewer,
septic system or publicly owned treatment works) used or held by CIENA or any
Subsidiary of any Hazardous Materials or any substances that pose a hazard to
human health or an impediment to working conditions; (iii) the off-site
disposal of Hazardous Materials originating on or from the real property used
or held by CIENA or any Subsidiary; (iv) any facility operations or procedures
of CIENA or any of its Subsidiaries which do not conform to requirements of the
Environmental Laws; or (v) any violation of Environmental Laws at any part of
the real property used or held by CIENA or any Subsidiary or otherwise arising
from CIENAs or any of its Subsidiaries activities involving Hazardous
Materials.

SECTION 3.15. Compliance with Laws.

         CIENA and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material
respects with all Laws applicable to its Assets and its business and
operations, including all Laws applicable to CIENAs and each Subsidiarys
relationship with its employees.

-16-



SECTION 3.16. Fairness Opinion.

         CIENAs Board of Directors has received an opinion from Morgan Stanley &
Co. Incorporated dated as of the date hereof to the effect that, as of the date
hereof, the Exchange Ratio is fair from a financial point of view to CIENA.

SECTION 3.17. Intellectual Property.

         (a)  CIENA or one or more Subsidiaries has all right, title, interest and
license rights necessary to use all trademarks, tradenames, service marks,
trade secrets, know-how, copyrights, software and, to CIENAs knowledge,
patents, used in the business of CIENA and its Subsidiaries as currently
conducted. Except as set forth on 
Schedule 3.17
, there are no claims or
demands against CIENA by any other Person or notice letters received by CIENA
or any Subsidiary pertaining to any of such intellectual property rights and no
material proceedings have been instituted, or are pending or to the Knowledge
of CIENA, threatened, which challenge the rights of CIENA or any of its
Subsidiaries in respect thereof, except as described in the CIENA SEC
Documents. To the Knowledge of CIENA, CIENA or one or more Subsidiaries has
the right to use, without infringing in any material respect the intellectual
property rights of others, all customer lists, designs, manufacturing or other
processes, computer software, systems, data compilations, research results and
other information required for or incident to its products or its business as
presently conducted.

         (b)  
Schedule 3.17(b) 
lists all material patents, patent applications,
registered trademarks, trademark applications and registrations and registered
copyrights owned or registered in the name of CIENA or any Subsidiary or used
by CIENA or any Subsidiary in its business as currently conducted. All of such
patents, patent applications, registered trademarks, trademark applications and
registrations and registered copyrights, if any, have been duly registered in,
filed in or issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United
States Register of Copyrights, or the corresponding offices of other
jurisdictions, and have been properly maintained and renewed in accordance with
all applicable provisions of law and administrative regulations in the United
States and each such jurisdiction except as set forth on 
Schedule 3.17(b)
.

         (c)  All material licenses or other agreements under which CIENA or any of
its Subsidiaries is granted rights in intellectual property rights are listed
on 
Schedule 3.17(c)
. All such licenses or other Agreements are in full force
and effect, there is no material default by CIENA or any of its Subsidiaries
or, to CIENAs Knowledge, any party thereto. To the Knowledge of CIENA, the
licensors under such licenses and other agreements have and had all requisite
power and authority to grant the rights purported to be conferred thereby.
True and complete copies of all such licenses or other Agreements, and any
amendments thereto, have been made available to the Company.

         (d)  All material licenses or other agreements under which CIENA or any of
its Subsidiaries has granted rights to others in intellectual property rights
owned or licensed by CIENA or any of its Subsidiaries are listed on 
Schedule
3.17(d)
. All of such licenses or other agreements are in full force and
effect, and there is no material default by CIENA or any of its Subsidiaries,
or to CIENAs Knowledge, by any party thereto. True and complete copies of all
such licenses or other agreements, and any amendments thereto, have been made
available to the Company.

         (e)  CIENA and each of its Subsidiaries has taken all reasonable steps it
believes to be required in accordance with sound business practice to establish
and preserve its ownership of all material copyright, trade secret and other
proprietary rights with respect to its products and technology. CIENA and each
of its Subsidiaries has required all professional and technical employees and
independent contractors having access to valuable non-public information of
CIENA and each of its Subsidiaries to execute agreements under which such
persons are required to maintain the confidentiality of such information and
appropriately restricting the use thereof. CIENA does not have Knowledge of
any infringement by others of any intellectual property rights of CIENA or any
of its Subsidiaries.

         (f) To the Knowledge of CIENA, except as set forth on 
Schedule 3.17(f)
,
the present business, activities and products of CIENA and each of its
Subsidiaries do not infringe any intellectual property rights of any other
Person. Except as disclosed in 
Schedule 3.17(f)
, no proceeding charging CIENA
or any of its Subsidiaries with infringement of any intellectual property
rights has been filed or, to the Knowledge of CIENA, is threatened or likely to
be filed. To the Knowledge of CIENA, except as disclosed in the CIENA SEC
Documents, there exists no unexpired patent or patent application that includes
claims that would be infringed by the products, activities or business of CIENA
or any of its Subsidiaries. To the Knowledge of CIENA, neither CIENA nor any
of its Subsidiaries is making any unauthorized use of any confidential
information or trade secrets of any Person, including without limitation, any
customer of CIENA or any Subsidiary, or any past or present employee of CIENA
or any Subsidiary. Except for customer contracts in the ordinary course of
business and confidentiality agreements by employees with former employers,
neither CIENA nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of CIENA, any
of its employees have any agreements or arrangements with any Persons other
than CIENA related to confidential information or trade secrets of such Persons
or restricting any such employees engagement in business activities of any
nature. To CIENAs Knowledge, the activities of its employees on behalf of
CIENA and its Subsidiaries do not violate any such agreements or arrangements.

-17-



         (g)  To the knowledge of CIENA, none of the current officers and employees
of CIENA or any Subsidiary has any issued patent or patent application pending
for any device, process, design or invention of any kind used (currently or in
the 12 months prior to the date hereof) by CIENA or any Subsidiary, or is
intended to be used by CIENA or any Subsidiary or its successor in the future,
which patent or patent application has not been assigned to CIENA or any
Subsidiary, with such assignment duly recorded in the patent office of the
relevant jurisdiction.

SECTION 3.18. Taxes and Assessments.

         Except as disclosed in 
Schedule 3.18
, CIENA and each of its Subsidiaries
has (i) filed all Tax Returns it was required to file and duly and timely paid
all Taxes which have become due and payable by it, and there are no agreements,
waivers or other arrangements providing for an extension of time with respect
to the payment of any Tax; (ii) received no written notice of, nor does CIENA
have any Knowledge of, any notice of deficiency or assessment or proposed
deficiency or assessment from any taxing Government Entity; (iii) no Knowledge
of any audits pending and there are no outstanding agreements or waivers by
CIENA or any Subsidiary that extend the statutory period of limitations
applicable to any federal, state, local, or foreign tax returns or Taxes; and
(iv) not entered into any discussions with any federal, state, local, or
foreign authority with respect to any Tax asserted by such authority. The Tax
Returns of CIENA and each of its Subsidiaries have never been audited by
federal, state, local, or foreign authorities. There are no Liens on any
property of CIENA or any Subsidiary that arose in connection with any failure
(or alleged failure) to pay any material Tax when due. CIENA and each of its
Subsidiaries has withheld from each payment made to any of its past or present
employees, officers or directors, and to any non-residents, the amount of Taxes
and other deductions required to be withheld therefrom and has paid the same
(or set aside for timely payment) to the proper Tax or other receiving officers
within the time required under applicable Laws. The Taxes of CIENA and each of
its Subsidiaries (i) did not, as of the most recent CIENA Report that included
financial statements exceed the reserve for Tax Liability (rather than any
reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between
book and Tax income) set forth in the most recent CIENA Report (rather than any
notes thereto) and (ii) do not exceed that reserve as adjusted for the passing
of time through the Effective Time.

SECTION 3.19. Disclosure.

         CIENA has provided the Company with all applicable or relevant documents
and information which the Company has requested in writing. True and complete
copies of all documents listed in the Schedules to this Agreement have been
made available or provided to the Company. The books of account, minute books,
stock record books and other financial and corporate records of CIENA and each
Subsidiary, all of which have been made available to the Company, are complete
and correct and have been maintained in accordance with good business
practices, including the maintenance of an adequate system of internal
accounting controls, and such book and records are accurately reflected in the
financial statements included in the CIENA SEC Documents. The minute books of
CIENA and each Subsidiary contain accurate and complete records of all meetings
held of, and corporate action by, the stockholders and the board of directors
(and committees thereof) of CIENA and each Subsidiary, and no meeting of any
such stockholders or board of directors (or committees thereof) has been held
for which minutes have not been prepared and are not contained in such minute
books.

SECTION 3.20. Customers and Suppliers.

         CIENA does not have Knowledge of (i) any termination or cancellation of
(or any intent to terminate or cancel) the business relationship of CIENA or
any Subsidiary with (y) any single customer or any group of affiliated
customers who represented five percent (5%) or more of the consolidated
revenues of the business of CIENA during the twelve months ended October 31,
2001, or (z) any single supplier or any group of affiliated suppliers who
provided five percent (5%) or more of the requirements of the business of CIENA
or any Subsidiary during the twelve months ended October 31, 2001, or (ii) any
existing condition, state of facts or circumstances that to the Knowledge of
CIENA will cause CIENA or any Subsidiary or any of such customers to terminate
their relationships or for any prospective customers to refuse to consider a
prospective relationship. To the Knowledge of CIENA, none of the business or
prospective business of CIENA or any Subsidiary is in any manner dependent upon
the making or receipt of any payments, discounts or other inducements to any
officers, directors, employees, representatives or agents of any customer.

ARTICLE IV

ADDITIONAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

OF CIENA WITH RESPECT TO MERGER SUB

         CIENA further represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

-18-



SECTION 4.1. Organization and Qualification.

         If the Merger shall be structured as a reverse triangular merger pursuant
to 
Section 1.1(d), 
Merger Sub will be a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with the
requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its Assets and
properties, to carry on its business and to perform the terms of this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby. Merger Sub will be duly qualified to
conduct its business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the
ownership or leasing of its properties or the nature of its activities in
connection with the conduct of its business makes such qualification necessary.

SECTION 4.2. No Prior Activities.

         Except for obligations incurred in connection with its incorporation or
the negotiation and consummation of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, Merger Sub will not incur any obligation or liability nor
engage in any business or activity of any type or kind whatsoever or enter into
any agreement or arrangement with any other Person. At the Effective Time, all
of the outstanding capital stock of Merger Sub will be directly owned by CIENA.

ARTICLE V

CONDUCT PENDING CLOSING

SECTION 5.1. Conduct of Business Pending Closing.

         From the date hereof until the Closing, the Company and CIENA shall, and
the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:

               (i)  maintain its existence in good standing;

               (ii)  maintain the character of its business and properties and conduct its
business in the ordinary and usual manner consistent with past practices,
except as expressly permitted by this Agreement;

               (iii)  maintain business and accounting records consistent with past
practices; and

               (iv)  use its best efforts (a) to preserve its business intact, (b) to keep
available to it the services of its present officers and employees, and (c) to
preserve for it the goodwill of its suppliers, customers and others having
business relations with it.

SECTION 5.2. Prohibited Actions Pending Closing.

         (a)  Unless approved by the Company in writing, from the date hereof until
the Closing, CIENA shall not:

               (i)  declare, set aside, or pay any dividends or make any other
distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property) in
respect to CIENAs capital stock, except where (A) an adjustment is made to the
exchange ratio in accordance with 
Section 1.6 
or (B) the holders of Company
Common Stock will otherwise receive an equivalent, proportional dividend or
distribution (based on the Exchange Ratio, as adjusted pursuant to 
Section 1.6
)
in connection with the Merger as if they had been holders of CIENA Common Stock
on the record date for such dividend or distribution;

               (ii)  redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of
its capital stock, except for repurchases of unvested shares in connection with
the termination of any employee pursuant to stock options or purchase
agreements, redemptions or purchases of CIENA Notes or Cyras Notes and tenders
for outstanding stock options;

               (iii)  acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by
purchasing any equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by any
other matter, any business or any corporation, partnership, association or
other business organization or division thereof; or otherwise acquire or agree
to acquire any assets which are material, individually or in the aggregate, to
the business of CIENA or enter into any material joint venture, strategic
relationships or alliances; provided, that CIENA shall not be prohibited under
this clause (iii) from undertaking any of the activities described herein if
the total consideration for such acquisition does not exceed 34 million shares
of CIENA Common Stock; provided further, that if the consideration for such
acquisition does not consist solely of CIENA Common Stock, an effective number
of shares for purposes of this 
Section 5.2(a)(iii) 
shall be determined by
dividing the consideration by the average of the closing prices for the CIENA
Common Stock as reported on Nasdaq for the five trading days ending on the
trading day prior to the day on which CIENA gives notice of the proposed
acquisition to the Company;

               (iv)  amend or otherwise change the CIENA Charter Documents unless such
amendment or change would not materially affect the rights or privileges of the
CIENA Common Stock; or

-19-



               (v)  agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions described in

Sections 5.2(a)(i) 
through 
(iv) 
above.

         (b)  Unless otherwise provided for herein, or otherwise necessary in order
to comply with the Companys obligations hereunder, or approved by CIENA in
writing, from the date hereof until the Closing, the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries shall operate in the ordinary course of business and shall not:

               (i)  amend or otherwise change the Company Certificate or the bylaws of the
Company;

               (ii)  issue or sell or authorize for issuance or sale, or grant any options
or make other agreements with respect to, any shares of its capital stock or
any other of its securities, other than the issuance of stock upon the exercise
of stock options and warrants outstanding on the date hereof, the issuance of
stock pursuant to the ESPP and other than option grants in the amounts and to
the persons identified on 
Schedule 5.2(b)(ii) 
hereto or option grants made to
prospective employees of the Company in and amount not to exceed 10,000 for
each individual employee and 100,000 in the aggregate with respect to all such
prospective employees and, provided, however, if the Closing Date occurs on or
after May 20, 2002, the Company may issue options to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock (a) under the terms and conditions of its Offer to Exchange dated
October 19, 2001 to certain employees who remain continuously employed by the
Company through the grant date provided that the vesting provisions of such
options are in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer to
Exchange and (b) to the individuals and in the amounts listed on 
Schedule
5.9(k)
 provided the individual remains continuously employed by the Company
through the grant date, subject to the terms and conditions described on

Schedule 5.9(k);

               (iii)  declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution,
payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise with respect to any of its
capital stock;

               (iv)  reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or redeem, purchase or
otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of its capital stock except for
repurchases of unvested shares in connection with the termination of any
employee pursuant to stock option or purchase agreements;

               (v)  incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any debt securities
or assume, guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as an accommodation become
responsible for, the obligations of any Person, or make any loans or advances,
except in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice;

               (vi)  (x) acquire (including, without limitation, by merger, consolidation,
or acquisition of stock or Assets) any corporation, partnership, other business
organization or any division thereof or any material amount of Assets;

                       (y)  enter into any contract or agreement other than in the ordinary course
of business, consistent with past practice; or

                       (z)  authorize any capital commitment or capital lease which is in excess
of $100,000 or authorize any capital expenditures which are, in the aggregate,
in excess of $100,000 or are not included in the Companys capital budget for
2002, a complete copy of which has been delivered to CIENA;

               (vii)  mortgage, pledge or subject to Encumbrance, any of its material
Assets or properties or agree to do so, other than in the ordinary course of
business, consistent with past practice;

               (viii)  enter into or agree to enter into any employment agreement (other
than offer letters and letter agreements entered into in the ordinary course of
business);

               (ix)  increase the compensation payable or to become payable to its
officers or employees, or grant any severance or termination pay to, or enter
into any severance agreement with any director, officer or other employee of
the Company, or establish, adopt, enter into or amend any collective
bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option,
restricted stock, pension, retirement, deferred compensation, employment,
termination, severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or
arrangement for the benefit of any such director, officer or employee, except
that (x) the Company may make reasonable salary increases in connection with
the customary officer and employee performance review process and pay customary
bonuses consistent with past practices, (y) the Company may make any
amendments to existing employee benefit plans to the extent necessary to
maintain their compliance with applicable Laws and (z) except as provided for
in 
Section 5.2(b)(ii) 
herein;

               (x)  except as required by GAAP, take any action to change in any respect
its accounting policies or procedures (including, without limitation,
procedures with respect to the payment of accounts payable and collection of
accounts receivables);

-20-



               (xi)  make any Tax election or settle or compromise any federal, state,
local or foreign income material Tax liability in excess of $50,000;

               (xii)  settle or compromise any material pending or threatened suit, action
or claim;

               (xiii)  pay, discharge or satisfy any claim, liability or obligation
(absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), including
the purchase, amendment or discharge of any Notes, other than the payment,
discharge or satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice, of liabilities reflected or reserved against in the latest
balance sheet included in the Financial Statements provided to CIENA or
subsequently incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practice;

               (xiv)  sell, assign, transfer, license or sublicense (other than in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice), pledge or
otherwise encumber any of the Intellectual Property Rights;

               (xv)  initiate any litigation against any third party;

               (xvi)  adopt any shareholder rights or similar plans; or

               (xvii)  agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions described
in 
Sections 5.2(b)(i) 
through 
(xvi) 
above.

SECTION 5.3. Access; Documents; Supplemental Information.

         (a)  From and after the date hereof until the Closing, and subject to the
limitations of applicable Laws, each of CIENA and the Company shall afford,
and, with respect to clause (ii) below, shall use its reasonable best efforts
to cause its independent certified public accountants to afford, (i) to the
officers, independent certified public accountants, counsel and other
representatives the other party, upon reasonable notice, free and full access
at all reasonable times to the properties, books and records, includi