URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1096325/000101706202000630/0001017062-02-000630.txt

NE CENTER DR
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3217295639

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7585 IRVINE CENTER DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERSIL HOLDING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991005

S-4/A

ds4a.htm

AMENDMENT NO 1 TO FORM S-4 FOR  INTERSIL

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- Amendment No 1 to Form S-4 for  Intersil

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 4, 2002. 

Registration No. 33384794 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 

TO 

FORM S-4 

REGISTRATION STATEMENT 

Under

THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

INTERSIL CORPORATION 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware

59-3590018

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial

Classification Code
Number)

(I.R.S. Employer 

Identification No.)

7585 Irvine Center Drive Suite 100 

Irvine,
California 92618 

(949) 341-7000 

(Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number,
Including Area Code, of Registrants Principal Executive Offices) 

Stephen M. Moran, Esq. 

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

Intersil Corporation 

7585 Irvine Center Drive, Suite 100 

Irvine, California

(949) 341-7000 

(Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including
Area Code, of Agent for Service) 

Copies to:

Christopher G. Karras, Esq.

Dechert

4000 Bell Atlantic Tower

1717 Arch Street

Philadelphia, PA 19103

(215) 994-4000

Robert A. Freedman, Esq.

Douglas N. Cogen, Esq.

Andrew J. Schultheis, Esq.

Fenwick & West LLP

275 Battery Street

San Francisco, CA 94111

(415)
875-2300

Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public:    
As soon as practicable after consummation of the merger described herein.

If the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered in connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with General Instruction G, check the following box. 
 

If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. 
 

If this Form is a
post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. 
 

The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its
effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until this
registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. 

MERGER PROPOSALYOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT 

To the shareholders of Intersil Corporation and the shareholders of Elantec Semiconductor, Inc.: 

After careful consideration, the boards of directors of Intersil and Elantec have unanimously approved a merger between Intersil and Elantec, and have unanimously determined the proposals to be voted on to be in your best interests. We are
proposing the merger because we believe the combined strengths of our two companies will enable us to achieve significant operating efficiencies and produce substantial benefits for customers and shareholders of both companies. We ask for your
support in voting for the merger proposals at our respective meetings of our shareholders. 

In the merger, each share of Elantec common stock will be exchanged
for 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and $8.00 cash, without interest. Intersil Class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol ISIL, and on April 3, 2002, the last trading day before the
date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the closing price of Intersil Class A common stock was $26.12 per share. 

We are also asking Intersils
shareholders to approve an amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation that would allow Intersils board of directors to be composed of a maximum of eight members: six from the current Intersil board and two from the current
Elantec board. If the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation is not approved, then Intersils board of directors will consist of seven members, with two from the current Elantec board. 

The boards of directors of each of Intersil and Elantec unanimously approved the merger and recommend that their shareholders vote FOR the merger proposals as described in the attached
materials. The attached joint proxy statement/prospectus provides detailed information concerning Intersil, Elantec, the merger and the other proposals to be voted on by Intersils shareholders. Please give all of the information contained in
the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus your careful attention.
 In particular, you should carefully consider the discussion in the section entitled Risk Factors on page 17.

The boards of directors of each of Intersil and Elantec are convening meetings of their shareholders in order to vote on the merger and the proposals related to the merger. Shareholders
of Intersil and shareholders of Elantec are cordially invited to attend their respective meetings to vote on the merger: 

For Intersil shareholders:

For Elantec shareholders:

May 14, 2002

May 14, 2002

9:00 a.m., local time

9:00 a.m., local time

Hyatt Regency Hotel

17900 Jamboree Blvd.

Irvine, California 92614

Elantecs Headquarters

675 Trade Zone Blvd

Milpitas, California 95035

Only shareholders who hold shares of Intersil or Elantec at the close of
business on April 4, 2002 will be entitled to vote at their respective shareholder meeting. 

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES
YOU OWN. 
Please vote as soon as possible to make sure that your shares are represented at the meeting. To vote your shares, you may vote over the Internet, submit your proxy or voting instructions by telephone (and receive immediate
acknowledgement of the casting of your vote), or complete and return the enclosed proxy card or voting instructions. If you are a holder of record, you may also cast your vote in person at the meeting. If your shares are held in an account at a
brokerage firm or bank, you must instruct the brokerage firm or bank how to vote your shares. If you are an Elantec shareholder, and you do not vote or do not instruct your brokerage firm or bank how to vote your shares, it will have the same effect
as a vote against the merger. If you are a holder of Intersil Class A common stock and you do not vote or do not instruct your brokerage firm or bank how to vote your shares, it will not have the effect of a vote for or against the issuance of
Intersil Class A common stock in the merger, but it will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal to amend Intersils certificate of incorporation. 

We strongly support this combination of our companies and join our boards of directors in enthusiastically recommending that you vote in favor of the merger. 

Gregory L. Williams

Richard M. Beyer

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Intersil Corporation

Elantec Semiconductor, Inc.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of Intersil Class A common stock or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated April 4, 2002 and was first mailed to holders of Intersil Class A common stock and Elantec common stock on or about April 8, 2002.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about Intersil and Elantec from other documents that are not included in or delivered with
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral request. You can obtain the documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by requesting them in
writing, by telephone or over the Internet from the appropriate company at one of the following addresses: 

Intersil Corporation

Elantec Semiconductor, Inc.

Investor Relations

Investor Relations

7585 Irvine Center Drive

675 Trade Zone Blvd.

Suite 100

Milpitas, California 95035

Irvine, California 92618

Attention: Brian McDonald

Attention: Stephen M. Moran, Esq.

(408) 945-1323

(949) 341-7000

(888) ELANTEC

www.intersil.com

www.elantec.com

If you would like to request any documents, please do so by May 7, 2002 in
order to receive them before the shareholder meetings. 

See Where You Can Find More Information.

You should rely only on the information contained in this document or to which we have referred you. We have not authorized
anyone to provide you with information that is different. This document may only be used where it is legal to sell these securities. The information in this document may only be accurate on the date of this document. 

7585 Irvine Center Drive, Suite 100 

Irvine, California 92618 

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN OF THE ANNUAL MEETING OF CLASS A COMMON
SHAREHOLDERS 

TO BE HELD ON MAY 14, 2002 AT 9:00 A.M. P.D.T. 

To Our Shareholders: 

NOTICE IS HEREBY
GIVEN that the annual meeting of Class A common shareholders of Intersil Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Intersil), will be held at the Hyatt Regency Hotel, 17900 Jamboree Blvd., Irvine, California 92614, on May 14, 2002 at 9:00
a.m., local time, for the following purposes: 

1.

To consider and vote on a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common stock, par value $.01 per share, in the proposed merger of Elantec
Semiconductor, Inc. (Elantec) with and into Echo Acquisition, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intersil, as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 10, 2002, by and among Intersil, Echo Acquisition, Inc. and
Elantec (the Merger Agreement). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, among other things, (a) Elantec will merge (the Merger) with and into Echo Acquisition, Inc. and (b) each outstanding share of common stock, par value $.01 per
share, of Elantec will be converted into the right to receive (i) 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and (ii) $8.00 cash, without interest, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement. This proposal is more fully described in the
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus. It is a condition to the Merger that this issuance of shares be approved. 

2.

To consider and vote on a proposal to approve an amendment to Intersils amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum number of directors from
seven to eight. Approval of this proposal is not a condition to the Merger. 

3.

To elect six directors to serve on Intersils board of directors until the next annual meeting of shareholders, or until their successors are duly elected and qualified.

4.

To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Intersils independent accountants. 

5.

To transact any other business that properly comes before the annual meeting or any adjournments or postponements. 

These items of business are described in the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. Only holders of record of Intersil Class A common stock at
the close of business on April 4, 2002, the record date, are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the annual meeting. Each share of Intersil Class A common stock entitles the
holder to one vote on all matters presented at the annual meeting. 

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, REGARDLESS OF THE
NUMBER OF SHARES YOU OWN.
 Your attention is directed to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus and proxy card or voting instructions. Please vote as soon as possible to make sure that your shares are represented at the meeting.
Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, you are requested to promptly submit your vote over the Internet, by calling the toll-free telephone number on the proxy card or that may be provided on the voting instructions (and receive immediate
acknowledgement of the casting of your vote), or by completing, signing and dating the enclosed proxy card and returning it promptly in the enclosed postage prepaid envelope. Please note, however, that if your shares are held of record by a
brokerage firm or bank and you wish to attend and vote at the meeting, you must obtain from such brokerage firm or bank a proxy issued in your name, and you must comply with the

instructions you receive from such brokerage firm or bank to vote your shares. Any proxy given by a shareholder may be revoked at any time before its exercise by sending a subsequently dated
proxy or by giving written notice to Intersil, in each case, to the attention of the Secretary of Intersil, at the above address. 

By

 Order of the Board of Directors of 

Int

ersil Corporation 

Ste

phen M. Moran 

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

Irvine, California 

April 4, 2002 

675 Trade Zone Boulevard 

Milpitas, California 95035 

NOTICE OF
SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 

TO BE HELD ON MAY 14, 2002 AT 9:00 A.M. P.D.T. 

To Our Shareholders:

NOTICE IS HEREBY
GIVEN that a special meeting of the shareholders of Elantec Semiconductor Inc., a Delaware corporation (Elantec), will be held at Elantecs headquarters located at 675 Trade Zone Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035, on May 14,
2002 at 9:00 a.m., local time, for the following purposes: 

1.

To consider and vote on a proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 10, 2002, among Intersil Corporation (Intersil), Echo
Acquisition, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intersil, and Elantec and to approve the merger contemplated by that agreement pursuant to which Intersil will acquire Elantec. 

2.

To transact any other business that properly comes before the special meeting or any adjournments or postponements. 

These items of business are described in the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. Only holders of Elantec common stock at the close of
business on April 4, 2002, the record date, are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. Each share of Elantec common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters
presented at the special meeting. 

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES YOU OWN.
 Your
attention is directed to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus and proxy card or voting instructions. Please vote as soon as possible to make sure that your shares are represented at the meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the
meeting, you are requested to promptly submit your vote over the Internet, by calling the toll-free telephone number on the proxy card or that may be provided on the voting instructions (and receive immediate acknowledgement of the casting of your
vote), or by completing, signing and dating the enclosed proxy card and returning it promptly in the enclosed postage prepaid envelope. Please note, however, that if your shares are held of record by a brokerage firm or bank and you wish to attend
and vote at the meeting, you must obtain from such brokerage firm or bank a proxy issued in your name, and you must comply with the instructions you receive from such brokerage firm or bank to vote your shares. Any proxy given by a shareholder may
be revoked at any time before its exercise by sending a subsequently dated proxy or by giving written notice to Elantec, in each case, to the attention of the Secretary of Elantec, at the above address. 

By

 Order of the Board of Directors of 

Ela

ntec Semiconductor, Inc. 

Ric

hard M. Beyer 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Milpitas, California 

April 4, 2002 

 

Page

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

iii

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY

The Companies

The Annual Meeting of Intersil Class A Common Shareholders

The Special Meeting of Elantec Shareholders

The Merger

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

Appraisal Rights

The Exchange Agent

Regulatory Approvals

Recent Closing Prices

Dividend Policy 

Risk Factors

Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Intersil

Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Elantec

Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Data

Adjusted Net Income and Per Share Data 

RISK FACTORS

Risks Relating to the Proposed Merger 

Risks Relating to Intersil After the
Merger 

THE ANNUAL MEETING OF INTERSIL CLASS A COMMON SHAREHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place of Intersils Annual Meeting

Proposals to be Voted upon at the Annual Meeting

Record Date and Outstanding Shares

Vote and Quorum Required

Voting

Abstention and Broker Non-Votes

Appraisal Rights

Expenses of Proxy Solicitation

Proxies

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF ELANTEC SHAREHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place of Elantecs Special Meeting

Purpose of the Special Meeting

Page

Record Date and Outstanding Shares

Vote and Quorum Required

Voting

Abstention and Broker Non-Votes

Appraisal Rights

Expenses of Proxy Solicitation

Proxies

Board of Directors Recommendation

THE MERGER

General

Structure of the Merger

What You Will Receive in the Merger

Exchange of Elantec Stock Certificates for Intersil Class A Common Stock Certificates and Cash

Background of the Merger 

Intersils Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of the Intersil Board; Additional Considerations of the Intersil Board

Opinion of Intersils Financial Advisor

Elantecs Reasons for the Merger; Additional Considerations of the Elantec Board

Recommendation of Elantecs Board of Directors

Opinion of Elantecs Financial Advisor

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

Elantec Rights Agreement

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

Federal Securities Laws Consequences

Accounting Treatment

Regulatory Matters 

Appraisal Rights

Delisting and Deregistration of Elantec Common Stock

Quotation on the Nasdaq National Market 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The Merger Agreement

The Merger 

Conversion of Elantec Shares in the
Merger 

Conversion of Elantec Options and Purchase Rights in the Merger 

Nasdaq Quotation 

Exchange of Certificates

Representations and Warranties

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

Non-Solicitation Covenant 

i 

Page

Additional Covenants and Agreements

Conditions to the Consummation of the Merger

Termination of the Merger Agreement 

Termination Fee

Amendment, Waiver and Extension of the Merger Agreement 

AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER

Elantec Voting Agreements 

Intersil Voting Agreements 

Elantec Affiliate Letters

INTERSIL CORPORATION UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF ELANTEC 

INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO EACH ADDITIONAL PERSON WHO WILL SERVE AS A DIRECTOR OR EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF INTERSIL 

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF INTERSIL CLASS A COMMON STOCK AND ELANTEC COMMON STOCK

OTHER INTERSIL PROPOSALS FOR SHAREHOLDER ACTION

Item 1Approval of Amendment to Intersils Certificate of Incorporation

Item 2Election of Directors

Item 3Ratification of Appointment of Independent Accountants

Page

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION OF INTERSIL

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF INTERSIL

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND KEY EMPLOYEES OF INTERSIL

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE OF INTERSIL 

SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS OF INTERSIL

OTHER BUSINESS

SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Annex AAgreement and Plan of Merger

A-1

Annex BOpinion of Intersils Financial Advisor 

B-1

Annex COpinion of Elantecs Financial Advisor 

C-1

Annex DAmendment to Intersils Certificate of Incorporation 

D-1

Annex ESection 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law

E-1

ii 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains and incorporates by
reference certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to the results of operations and businesses of Intersil and Elantec. Certain forward-looking statements use the
words: 



believe; 



expect; 



anticipate; 



estimate; or 



similar expressions. 

These
forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated or projected, forecasted, estimated or budgeted in such forward-looking statements include, among
others, the following possibilities: 



combining the businesses of Intersil and Elantec may cost more than we expect; 



the completion of the proposed merger may be materially delayed or prohibited; 



general economic conditions or conditions in securities markets may be less favorable than we currently anticipate; 



expected cost savings from the merger may not be fully realized within the expected time frame; 



integrating the businesses and corporate cultures of Intersil and Elantec and retaining key personnel may be more difficult than we expect; 



contingencies may arise of which we were not aware or the significance of which we underestimated; 



our revenues after the merger may be lower than we expect; 



we may lose more business or customers after the merger than we expect, or our operating costs may be higher than we expect; 



development costs, anticipated completion, introduction and projected revenues from Intersils and Elantecs new and developing products and technologies may be
materially different than anticipated; or 



Intersils and Elantecs ongoing businesses may be disrupted and their respective managements may be distracted. 

Some of these factors and additional risks and uncertainties are further discussed under Risk Factors. Because such statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Intersil and Elantec shareholders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the date of any document incorporated by reference. 

iii 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER 

Q:

Why are Intersil and Elantec proposing the merger? 

A:

Through this merger, Intersil, a global leader in wireless networking and high performance analog semiconductors, will expand into additional high growth analog markets. The
transaction combines two leaders in some of the fastest growing markets in the semiconductor industry. Elantec, a provider of high performance analog semiconductors, is a leader in the high growth optical storage (CD read/write & DVD recordable)
and flat panel display markets. Intersil and Elantec share a significant number of customers and have complementary product portfolios. In addition, both companies share a fundamental vision of providing system level value for their target markets.

To review the reasons for the merger in greater detail, see The MergerIntersils Reasons
for the Merger on page 41 and Elantecs Reasons for the Merger; Additional Considerations of the Elantec Board on page 49. 

Q:

What is the proposed merger? 

A:

In the proposed merger, Elantec will merge with and into Echo Acquisition, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intersil. Echo Acquisition, Inc. will survive the merger as a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Intersil. The merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. You are encouraged to read it carefully. 

Q:

What will Elantec shareholders receive in the merger? 

A:

Elantec shareholders will receive 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and $8.00 cash, without interest, in exchange for each Elantec share that they own, subject to
certain adjustments. For example, if a shareholder owns 100 shares of Elantec common stock at the time of the merger, he or she will receive 124 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and $800.00 cash, without interest, after the merger.

Instead of fractional shares of Intersil Class A common stock, Elantec shareholders will receive cash in an
amount equal to the value of such fractional interest. 

Each option to purchase Elantec common stock outstanding immediately
before the completion of the merger will automatically become an option to purchase shares of Intersil Class A common stock, for an adjusted number of shares and with an adjusted exercise price based on an exchange ratio equal to 1.24 plus the
quotient of $8.00 divided by the closing price of Intersil Class A common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market on the trading day immediately preceding the day of the merger. After the merger, a notice will be sent to each Elantec
optionholder specifying this adjustment. 

The summary following these questions and answers describes the merger consideration
in greater detail. 

Q:

When do you expect to complete the merger? 

A:

We are working to complete the merger as quickly as practicable. In addition to the required shareholder approvals, we must also obtain regulatory approval from the German
Federal Cartel Office. We expect to complete the merger in the second quarter of 2002. Because the merger is subject to various conditions, however, we cannot predict its exact date of completion. 

Q:

Are there any risks involved in undertaking the merger? 

A:

Yes. In evaluating the merger, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in the section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled Risk Factors
beginning on page 17. 

Q:

Are there conditions to completion of the merger? 

A:

Yes. Intersils and Elantecs respective obligations to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain specified closing conditions. If
either Intersil or Elantec waives any conditions, each company will consider the facts and circumstances at that time and make a determination whether a resolicitation of proxies from its respective shareholders is appropriate. See The Merger
AgreementConditions to the Consummation of the Merger on page 79. 

Q:

Is the merger subject to governmental approvals? 

A:

Yes. The merger is subject to review and a specified waiting period under the anticompetition laws of Germany. The waiting period specified under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, has been satisfied. See The MergerRegulatory Matters on page 66. 

Q:

Will Intersil shareholders receive any shares as a result of the merger? 

A:

No. Intersil shareholders will continue to hold the Intersil shares that they currently own. However, the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock to Elantec shareholders will
have a dilutive effect on the percentage ownership of each Intersil shareholder in the combined company. 

Q:

I am an Elantec shareholderam I entitled to appraisal rights? 

A:

Yes. Under Delaware law, which governs the merger, you have the right to seek appraisal of your Elantec common stock. In order to exercise appraisal rights, you must, before
the special meeting of Elantec shareholders, demand in writing from Elantec appraisal of your shares of Elantec common stock. Your right to seek appraisal requires strict compliance with the procedures contained in Section 262 of the Delaware
corporate statute. Failure to follow any of these procedures may result in the termination or waiver of your appraisal rights. See The MergerAppraisal Rights on page 66. 

Q:

I am an Intersil shareholderam I entitled to appraisal rights? 

A:

No. No rights of appraisal are available for any shares of Intersil Class A common stock. 

Q:

Will I be taxed on the Intersil Class A common stock and cash that I receive? 

A:

The transaction has been structured so that, in general, Elantec shareholders will not recognize any gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes except to the extent of the cash
received for Elantec shares, including the cash received instead of fractional shares of Intersil Class A common stock. The tax consequences of the merger to you will depend on your own situation. You should consult your tax advisor for a full
understanding of these tax consequences. See The MergerMaterial U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences on page 62. 

Q:

Should Intersil shareholders send in their stock certificates? 

A:

No. Intersil shareholders will continue to own their shares of Intersil Class A common stock after the merger and should not send in their stock certificates. 

Q:

Should Elantec shareholders send in their stock certificates? 

A:

No. Once the merger is consummated, instructions will be sent to you regarding the exchange of your Elantec stock certificates for the consideration payable to you in the
merger. 

Q:

Why are Intersil shareholders being asked to amend the Intersil certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum number of directors? 

A:

Intersils certificate of incorporation currently provides for a board of directors of not more than seven directors. In the merger agreement, Intersil and Elantec agreed
to appoint Elantecs current president and chief executive officer and Elantecs chairman of the board of directors to Intersils board of directors. Because Intersil currently has six directors, the maximum number of directors needs
to be increased to eight to permit these two directors to be added without one of Intersils current directors resigning. See Other Intersil Proposals for Shareholder ActionItem 1Approval of Amendment to Intersils
Certificate of Incorporation on page 103. 

Q:

What vote of Intersil shareholders is required to approve the issuance of stock in the merger and the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation?

A:

The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the annual meeting of Intersil shareholders is required to approve the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in the
merger. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of Intersils outstanding Class A common stock is required to approve the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum number of directors of
Intersil from seven to eight. 

Q:

What vote of Elantec shareholders is required to approve the merger agreement and the merger? 

A:

Holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Elantec common stock must vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting of Elantec
shareholders to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. 

Q:

Does the Elantec board of directors recommend the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the merger? 

A:

Yes. The Elantec board of directors unanimously recommends that Elantecs shareholders vote for the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the merger.

Q:

Does the Intersil board of directors recommend approval of the issuance of shares of Class A common stock in the merger and the amendment to Intersils certificate of
incorporation? 

A:

Yes. The Intersil board of directors unanimously recommends that Intersils shareholders vote for approval of the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in connection
with the merger and for approval of the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation. 

Q:

How do I vote? 

A:

If you hold Elantec common stock or Intersil Class A common stock directly in your own name, you may vote over the Internet, as well as by telephone or by mailing a proxy card.
The proxy cards contain instructions concerning each of these voting options. Vote or mail your signed proxy card in the enclosed return envelope as soon as possible after carefully reading this document, so that your shares may be represented at
the meeting of shareholders. You also may attend the meeting in person instead of submitting a proxy. If your shares are held in street name by your broker, see the next question below. Your vote is important regardless of the number of
shares that you own. 

Q:

My broker holds my shares in street namewill my broker vote my shares? 

A:

Your broker will not vote your shares on the proposals to issue Intersil Class A common stock in the merger or to amend Intersils certificate of incorporation unless you
follow the voting directions your broker provides to you. 

Intersil shareholders
:    If you fail to provide your broker with instructions, it will not affect the
vote for or against the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger, but it will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal to amend Intersils certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum number of
directors from seven to eight. However, if you do not provide your broker with instructions, your broker may vote in his or her discretion in the election of directors and ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Intersils
independent accountants. 

Elantec shareholders
:    If you fail to provide your broker with
instructions, it will have the same effect as a vote against the merger. 

Q:

Can I change my vote after mailing my proxy? 

A:

Yes. You can change your vote by delivering a signed notice of revocation or a later-dated, signed proxy card to the corporate secretary of Intersil before the shareholder
meeting, or by attending the shareholder meeting and voting in person if you hold your shares in your own name. 

Q:

What if I dont vote? 

A:

Intersil shareholders
:    If you do not vote, it will not affect the vote for or against the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common stock in
the merger, the vote for the election of directors, or the vote for or against ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Intersils independent accountants. However, if you do not vote, it will have the same effect as a vote
against the proposal to amend Intersils certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum number of directors from seven to eight. An abstention will have the same effect as a vote against the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common
stock in the merger and a vote against the proposal to amend Intersils certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum number of directors from seven to eight. 

Elantec shareholders
:    If you do not vote or if you abstain from voting, it will have the same effect as a vote against the merger. 

Q:

Whom can I call with questions? 

A:

If you have any questions about the merger, or if you need additional copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy, you should contact: 

If you are an Intersil shareholder:

If you are an Elantec shareholder:

Intersil Corporation

Elantec Semiconductor, Inc.

Attention: Secretary

Attention: Secretary

7585 Irvine Center Drive

675 Trade Zone Blvd.

Suite 100

Milpitas, California 95035

Irvine, California 92618

(408) 945-1323

(949) 341-7000

(888) ELANTEC

or 

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.

105 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10016

(212) 929-5500 (Call Collect)

or

Call Toll-Free (800) 322-2885

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

SUMMARY 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus pertains to the merger of Intersil and Elantec, and
it is being sent to the holders of Class A common stock of Intersil and to the holders of common stock of Elantec. This summary highlights selected information from this document. It does not contain all of the information that is important to you.
We urge you to read carefully this joint proxy statement/prospectus, as well as the documents attached to and those referenced in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, to fully understand the merger. In particular, you should read the merger
agreement, which is attached as Annex A. To learn where you can obtain more information on Intersil and Elantec, see Where You Can Find More Information. When we refer to the combined company, we mean Intersil Corporation and
its subsidiaries, and Elantec Semiconductor, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

The Companies 

Intersil Corporation
.    Intersil is a global leader in
designing innovative wireless networking and high performance analog solutions that enable wireless access to video, data and voice in homes, offices and public places. Creating advanced power management products, Intersil provides reliable
solutions for file servers, portable information appliances and computer microprocessors. Intersil believes that it provides power management solutions for approximately half of all desktop computer microprocessors manufactured today. With a high
performance analog and mixed-signal portfolio, Intersil brings added value in providing complete silicon, software and reference design solutions to new products that bring portable connectivity to people wherever they live, work or travel.
Headquartered in Irvine, California, Intersil has offices in cities throughout the United States, Europe and Asia. The mailing address of Intersils corporate headquarters is Intersil Corporation, 7585 Irvine Center Drive, Suite 100, Irvine,
California 92618. The telephone number is (949) 341-7000. For more information about Intersil, visit the companys Web site at www.intersil.com. The information set forth on Intersils Web site is not a part of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. 

Elantec Semiconductor, Inc
.    Elantec designs, manufactures and
markets high performance analog integrated circuits primarily for the video, optical storage, communication and power management markets. Elantec targets high growth commercial markets in which advances in digital integrated circuit technology are
driving increasing demand for high speed, high performance and low power consumption analog circuits. The mailing address of Elantecs corporate headquarters is 675 Trade Zone Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035. The telephone number is (408)
945-1323. For more information about Elantec, visit the companys Web site at www.elantec.com. The information set forth on Elantecs Web site is not a part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The Annual Meeting of Intersil Class A Common Shareholders (See page 29) 

Date, time and
place
.    The annual meeting will be held on May 14, 2002 at 9:00 a.m., local time, at the Hyatt Regency Hotel, 17900 Jamboree Boulevard, Irvine, California 92614. 

Matters to be considered at the Intersil annual meeting
.    At the annual meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the annual meeting,
Intersil Class A common shareholders will be asked: 



to consider and vote upon the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common stock in the acquisition of Elantec as explained in greater detail in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus; 



to consider and vote upon an amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum number of directors on Intersils board of directors from
seven to eight; 



to elect six directors to serve on Intersils board of directors to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders, or until their successors are duly elected and
qualified; 



to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Intersils independent accountants; and 



to transact such other business as may properly come before the annual meeting. 

Record date
.    The Intersil board of directors has fixed the close of business on April 4, 2002 as the record date for determining Intersil shareholders
entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting. 

Voting and revocation of
proxies
.    Intersil shareholders should vote over the Internet, by telephone, or complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and promptly return it in the pre-addressed accompanying envelope. Brokers holding shares
in street name may vote the shares on the proposals to issue Intersil Class A common stock in the merger and to approve the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation only if the shareholder provides instructions on how to
vote. Brokers holding shares in street name may, however, exercise discretionary authority to vote those shares in the election of directors and the ratification of the appointment of Intersils independent accountants. Brokers will
provide shareholders with directions on how to instruct the broker to vote the shares. All properly executed proxies that Intersil receives prior to the vote at the annual meeting, and that are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the
instructions indicated on the proxy or, if no direction is indicated, to approve the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger, to approve the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation, to elect the nominees for
director named in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and to ratify the appointment of Intersils independent accountants. The Intersil board of directors does not currently intend to bring any other business before the annual meeting. If
other business properly comes before the annual meeting, the proxy will vote in accordance with his judgment. 

A
shareholder may revoke his, her or its proxy at any time prior to use by delivering to the corporate secretary of Intersil a signed notice of revocation or a later-dated, signed proxy, or by attending the annual meeting and voting in person.
Attendance at the annual meeting does not in itself constitute the revocation of a proxy. 

Votes
required
.    Approval of the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the annual meeting of Intersil shareholders. Approval of the amendment to
Intersils certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum number of directors requires the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Intersils Class A common stock on the record date. Officers and directors
of Intersil holding approximately 3% of the outstanding shares eligible to vote at the annual meeting have granted irrevocable proxies to Elantec to vote shares held by such officers and directors in favor of the issuance of Intersils Class A
common stock in the merger as well as in favor of the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Holders of Intersil Class A common stock are entitled to cumulative voting in
the election of directors, which means that each holder is entitled to as many votes as would equal the number of shares he, she or it holds multiplied by the number of directors to be elected, in this case, six. The holder may cast all of his, her
or its votes for one director or distribute them among any number of candidates. Ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Intersils independent accountants requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the
annual meeting. 

Solicitation of proxies and expenses
.    Intersil has retained the services of
MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to assist in the solicitation of proxies from its shareholders. In addition to solicitation by mail, the directors, officers and employees of Intersil may solicit proxies from Intersils shareholders by telephone,
Internet, facsimile, other electronic means or in person. Brokerage houses, nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians will be requested to forward soliciting materials to beneficial owners and will be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses
incurred in sending proxy materials to beneficial owners. 

The Special Meeting of Elantec Shareholders (See page 32) 

Date, time and
place
.    The special meeting will be held on May 14, 2002 at 9:00 a.m., local time, at Elantecs headquarters located at 675 Trade Zone Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035. 

Matters to be considered at the Elantec special meeting
.    At the
special meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting, Elantec shareholders will be asked: 



to consider and vote upon the adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger; and 



to transact such other business as may properly come before the special meeting. 

Record date
.    The Elantec board of directors has fixed the close of business on April 4, 2002 as the record date for determination of Elantec shareholders
entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting. 

Voting and revocation of
proxies
.    Elantec shareholders should vote over the Internet, by telephone, or complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and promptly return it in the pre-addressed accompanying envelope. Brokers holding shares in
street name may vote the shares only if the shareholder provides instructions on how to vote. Brokers will provide shareholders with directions on how to instruct the broker to vote the shares. All properly executed proxies that Elantec
receives prior to the vote at the special meeting, and that are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated on the proxy or, if no direction is indicated, to approve the adoption of the merger agreement and approve the
merger. The Elantec board of directors does not currently intend to bring any other business before the special meeting. If other business properly comes before the special meeting, the proxy will vote in accordance with his own judgment.

A shareholder may revoke his, her or its proxy at any time prior to use by delivering to the corporate secretary of
Elantec a signed notice of revocation or a later-dated, signed proxy, or by attending the special meeting and voting in person. Attendance at the special meeting does not in itself constitute the revocation of a proxy. 

Votes required
.    The approval of the merger and the adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Elantec common stock eligible to vote on the record date. Elantecs officers and directors holding approximately 2% of the shares eligible to vote at the special meeting have granted
irrevocable proxies to Intersil to vote shares held by such officers and directors in favor of the approval of the merger and the adoption of the merger agreement. 

Solicitation of proxies and expenses
.    Elantec has retained the services of MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to assist in the solicitation of proxies from its
shareholders. In addition to solicitation by mail, the directors, officers and employees of Elantec may solicit proxies from Elantecs shareholders by telephone, Internet, facsimile, other electronic means or in person. Brokerage houses,
nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians will be requested to forward soliciting materials to beneficial owners and will be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses incurred in sending proxy materials to beneficial owners. 

The Merger (See page 35) 

Mechanics of the Merger
.    This joint proxy
statement/prospectus relates to the proposed acquisition of Elantec by Intersil pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 10, 2002, by and among Intersil, Echo Acquisition, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intersil, and
Elantec. Pursuant to the merger agreement, Elantec will be merged with and into Echo Acquisition, Inc., as a result of which the separate corporate existence of Elantec shall cease, and Echo Acquisition, Inc. shall continue as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Intersil. At the closing of the merger, the name of Echo Acquisition, Inc. will become Elantec Semiconductor, Inc. If Intersil elects, and if doing so does not adversely affect the merger, Echo Acquisition, Inc. will merge with and
into Elantec, with Elantec surviving the merger. 

Consideration
.    Upon completion of the merger,
Elantec shareholders will receive 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and $8.00 cash, without interest, for each share of Elantec common stock they hold. Only whole shares of Intersil Class A common stock will be issued in the merger.
Elantec shareholders will receive a cash payment in lieu of any fractional shares of Intersil Class A common stock to which they would otherwise be entitled. 

The aggregate number of shares issuable in the merger constitutes approximately 23% of the
fully-diluted shares of Intersil Class A common stock, based on the number of Elantec shares and options outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement, and the number of fully-diluted shares of Intersil Class A common stock outstanding on the
date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Options
.    Each outstanding option to purchase
Elantec common stock will be converted into an option to purchase that number of shares of Intersil Class A common stock determined by multiplying the number of shares of Elantec common stock subject to the Elantec option immediately prior to the
closing of the merger by the option exchange ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole share (the option exchange ratio being equal to 1.24 plus the quotient of $8.00 divided by the closing sale price of Intersil Class A common stock on
the Nasdaq National Market on the trading day immediately preceding the day of the merger), at an exercise price equal to the exercise price of such option at the time of the merger divided by the option exchange ratio, rounded up to the nearest
whole cent. Any adjustment made to the exchange ratio with respect to outstanding shares of Elantec common stock also will be applied to Elantec options. Under certain circumstances, the merger agreement permits Elantec to grant stock options for up
to 300,000 shares of Elantec common stock between the date of the merger agreement and the closing. 

Closing
.    The merger will become effective upon the filing of the certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Intersil and Elantec currently intend to file the certificate of
merger as soon as is practicable after the requisite approvals of Intersils and Elantecs shareholders are obtained and the other conditions set forth in the merger agreement have been satisfied or, where permissible, waived.

Recommendation of the Intersil Board of Directors
.    The Intersil board of
directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and recommends that Intersil shareholders vote FOR the issuance of the shares of Intersil Class A common stock to be issued in the merger. The Intersil board of directors has also unanimously
determined that the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation is advisable and in the best interests of Intersils shareholders and recommends that Intersil shareholders vote FOR the amendment to Intersils certificate of
incorporation. 

Opinion of Intersils Financial Advisor
.    In connection with the merger,
the Intersil board of directors received a written opinion, dated March 10, 2002, from Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, Intersils financial advisor, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to Intersil of the consideration to
be paid to Elantec shareholders upon consummation of the merger. A copy of Credit Suisse First Bostons written opinion is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B and is incorporated into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus by reference. We encourage you to read this opinion carefully in its entirety in conjunction with this joint proxy statement/prospectus and to carefully consider the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken. 
Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion is addressed to the Intersil board of directors and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder with respect to any matters relating to the proposed
merger.

Recommendation of the Elantec Board of Directors.

The Elantec board of
directors has unanimously concluded that the merger is fair and in the best interests of Elantec and its shareholders, has approved the merger agreement and recommends that Elantecs shareholders vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement
and approval of the merger.

Opinion of Elantecs Financial Advisor
.    On March 10, 2002,
Robertson Stephens, Inc., Elantecs financial advisor, delivered to the Elantec board of directors its opinion, as of that date and based upon and subject to the assumptions, factors and limitations set forth in the written opinion and
described below, that the exchange ratio

and cash to be paid by Intersil pursuant to the merger agreement were fair to the shareholders of Elantec from a financial point of view. A copy of Robertson Stephens written opinion is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C and is incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. The Elantec shareholders should read the opinion carefully in its entirety in conjunction with this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and should carefully consider the assumptions made, procedures followed, the matters considered and the limits of the review undertaken by Robertson Stephens. 
Robertson Stephens opinion is addressed to the Elantec board
of directors and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder with respect to any matters relating to the proposed merger.

Directors and Executive Officers of Intersil Following the Merger
.    Upon completion of the merger, subject to the approval by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class A common
stock of Intersil, the Intersil board of directors will be increased in size from seven to eight members. Whether or not the Intersil board of directors is increased in size, upon completion of the merger, Richard M. Beyer, president and chief
executive officer of Elantec, and James V. Diller, chairman of Elantecs board of directors, will be appointed to the Intersil board of directors. Richard M. Beyer will also become president and chief executive officer of Intersil following the
merger. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement
.    Elantec and Intersil have the right to terminate the
merger agreement under certain circumstances. In certain cases, termination of the merger agreement will require payment of a termination fee by one company to the other. 

A COPY OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX A. YOU ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO READ IT IN ITS ENTIRETY. 

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger (See page 59) 

Some of the directors and executive officers
of Intersil and Elantec have interests in the merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of their companys shareholders. 

In considering the recommendation of the Intersil board of directors with respect to the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common stock and the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation, Intersil
shareholders should be aware that Gregory L. Williams, Intersils president and chief executive officer, has reached an agreement in principle with Intersils board of directors regarding the terms of an employment agreement under which he
will become Intersils executive chairman of the board of directors following the merger. In addition, executive officers of Intersil have interests that arise from agreements that Intersil expects to enter into with these executive officers
prior to completion of the merger that would provide for a bonus payment upon the anniversary of the merger if they are still employed by Intersil and severance payments and other benefits payable upon a termination of their employment following the
merger or a change in control of Intersil after the merger. The Intersil board of directors knew about these interests and considered them in approving the merger agreement and the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger.

In considering the recommendations of the Elantec board of directors, you should be aware that Richard M. Beyer,
Elantecs president and chief executive officer, has reached an agreement in principle regarding the terms of his employment by Intersil following the merger. In addition, executive officers and directors of Elantec have interests that arise
from employment arrangements and directorships that those Elantec officers and directors will receive in connection with the merger, severance payments and other benefits payable upon a change in control of Elantec and a termination of their
employment, the acceleration of vesting of certain stock options, and the

continuation of indemnification and insurance coverage by Intersil for acts and omissions occurring prior to the merger. The Elantec board of directors knew about these interests and considered
them in approving the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (See page 62) 

We intend that the merger will
qualify as a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the merger qualifies as a reorganization, holders of Elantec common stock generally will recognize gain, but not loss, for U.S. federal income tax purposes only to the
extent of cash received. The companies themselves, as well as current holders of Intersil Class A common stock, will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the merger. If the merger does not qualify as a reorganization, Elantec shareholders would
recognize gain or loss with respect to all of the consideration they receive in exchange for their Elantec common stock. It is a condition to the obligations of Elantec and Intersil to complete the merger that each receives a legal opinion from its
outside counsel, or the others outside counsel, that the merger will be a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

The tax consequences of the merger to Elantec shareholders will depend on the particular facts of each Elantec shareholders individual circumstances. You should consult your tax advisor to determine the particular tax consequences of
the merger to you. 

Accounting Treatment of the Merger (See page 65) 

The acquisition will be accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting, which means that the assets and liabilities of Elantec, including intangible assets, will be recorded on Intersils balance sheet at their fair values upon completion of the merger. One of the intangible assets
identified is in-process research and development. The value of this intangible asset will be charged to Intersils statement of operations in the quarter during which the merger is completed and the acquisition accounting and valuation amounts
are recorded. Additionally, the intrinsic value of the unvested options assumed in the merger will be allocated to unearned stock-based compensation, which will be amortized over the remaining vesting period of these options. The remaining purchase
price will be reflected as goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States allow certain intangible assets with indefinite lives, including goodwill, to be maintained on the balance
sheet rather than being amortized; however, they must be written down to the extent that they are deemed to be impaired. The results of operations and cash flows of Elantec will be included in Intersils results from the date of the merger.

Appraisal Rights (See page 66) 

Elantec is a Delaware corporation. Under Section 262 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, as amended, any holder of Elantec common stock who does not wish to accept the merger consideration in respect of his, her or its shares of common stock has the right to dissent from the merger and to seek an appraisal of
his, her or its shares of Elantec common stock. If you are eligible to exercise appraisal rights and properly do so, you will be paid in cash the fair value (exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the merger), together with a fair rate of interest, if any, for your shares of Elantec common stock as determined by the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. This joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes the notice required
by Delaware law to each Elantec shareholder that he, she or it is entitled to statutory appraisal rights. If you wish to exercise appraisal rights and obtain appraisal of the fair value of your shares, you must demand in writing from Elantec
appraisal of your shares of Elantec common stock before the vote is taken at the special meeting of Elantec shareholders. A proxy or vote against the merger will not constitute the required demand. The relevant provisions of Delaware law concerning
the exercise of appraisal rights are technical in nature and complex. You may wish to consult promptly with legal counsel because the

failure to comply strictly with these provisions may result in waiver or forfeiture of your appraisal rights. The provisions of Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law are reproduced
in their entirety in Annex E and are incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. 

Intersil
shareholders do not have appraisal rights with respect to the merger. 

The Exchange Agent 

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company will act as the exchange agent in
connection with the merger. 

Regulatory Approvals (See page 66) 

The merger is subject to review by the German Federal Cartel
Office to determine whether it is in compliance with German anticompetition law. In addition, the completion of the merger is subject to the continued effectiveness of the registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a
part, and compliance with applicable corporate laws of Delaware. 

Recent Closing Prices 

The following table sets forth the closing price per share of Intersil
Class A common stock and Elantec common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market on (i) March 8, 2002, the last trading day preceding public announcement of the merger and (ii) April 3, 2002, the last trading day prior to the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. The equivalent Elantec per share price at each specified date represents $8.00 plus the closing price of a share of Intersil Class A common stock on the applicable date multiplied by 1.24. 

Closing Price on:

Elantec Common Stock

Intersil Class A Common Stock

Equivalent Elantec Per Share Price

March 8, 2002

$

41.20

$

36.65

$

53.45

April 3, 2002

40.09

26.12

40.39

Because the market prices of Intersil Class A common stock and Elantec
common stock fluctuate, the market value of the shares of Intersil Class A common stock that Elantec shareholders will receive in the merger may increase or decrease prior to the merger. Shareholders of Intersil and Elantec are urged to obtain
current market quotations for Intersil Class A common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

Neither Intersil nor Elantec has ever declared or paid a cash dividend on its
common stock and neither anticipates paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, the merger agreement prohibits Elantec from declaring or paying dividends on its capital stock until the completion of the merger or the
termination of the merger agreement. 

Risk Factors 

In evaluating the merger and transactions contemplated in connection with the merger,
you should consider certain risks associated with the merger and the combined company discussed under the heading Risk Factors, which begins on page 17. 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF INTERSIL CORPORATION 

The following table sets
forth selected financial data for Intersil and its predecessor. The historical financial data as of and for the fiscal years ended 1997 and 1998 is derived from our predecessors audited consolidated financial statements. The historical
financial data as of and for the fiscal year ended 1999 and the six weeks ended August 13, 1999 derived from our predecessors audited consolidated financial statements and the historical financial data as of and for the 46 weeks
ended June 30, 2000, the 26 weeks ended December 29, 2000 and the 52 weeks ended December 28, 2001 derived from our audited consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You should read
this information in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements. See Where You Can Find More Information. The historical results are not necessarily indicative of results to
be expected for any future period. 

Predecessor

Successor

Fiscal Years Ended

Six Weeks ended

August 13,

46 Weeks ended

June 30,

26 Weeks

ended

December 29,

52 Weeks ended

December 28,

June 27, 1997

July 3, 1998 

July 2, 1999 

(in millions, except per share data)

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:

Revenue (1)

$

545.3

$

576.8

$

371.0

$

36.6

$

411.7

$

330.9

$

481.1

Gross margin (1)

199.3

207.5

145.8

12.0

180.8

169.5

222.5

Research and development (1)

75.2

75.1

58.4

7.5

60.3

47.0

106.1

Selling, general and administrative and corporate expense allocation (1)

109.3

108.2

87.0

11.3

89.4

65.3

93.5

Amortization and in-process R&D

2.3

2.3

2.4

0.3

29.2

40.7

44.2

Restructuring and impairment

  

  

  

  

  

  

40.0

Income (loss) from operations

12.5

21.9

(2.0

)

(7.1

)

0.7

16.5

(61.3

)

Interest and other income and expenses, net (2)

0.6

0.9

23.4

4.0

(18.1

)

27.4

175.8

Income (loss) before income taxes and extraordinary item (3)

13.1

22.8

21.4

(3.1

)

(17.5

)

43.9

114.5

Income taxes (benefit)

1.9

9.9

(6.0

)

(0.1

)

(0.3

)

30.8

62.4

Income (loss) before extraordinary item (3)

11.2

12.9

27.4

(3.0

)

(17.2

)

13.1

52.1

Extraordinary item-loss on extinguishment of debt, net of tax effect









(25.5

)

(5.9

)

(12.2

)

Net income (loss) to common shareholders

11.2

12.9

27.4

(3.0

)

(48.1

)

7.0

39.9

Basic earnings (loss) per share before extraordinary item

  

  

  

  

(0.30

)

0.13

0.49

Basic earnings (loss) per share

  

  

  

  

(0.63

)

0.07

0.38

Diluted earnings (loss) per share before extraordinary item

  

  

  

  

(0.30

)

0.13

0.48

Diluted earnings (loss) per share

  

  

  

  

(0.63

)

0.07

0.37

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic

  

  

  

  

76.7

101.0

105.7

Diluted

  

  

  

  

76.7

105.2

108.9

June 27,

July 3,

July 2,

August 13,

June 30,

December 29, 2000

December 28, 2001

(in millions)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

  

$

  

$

  

$

1.4

$

211.9

$

352.6

$

601.5

Total assets

733.3

810.3

761.2

736.1

933.9

1,229.8

1,200.2

Long-term obligations

1.4

4.1

11.2

4.5

138.2

100.6

6.5

Total shareholders equity/business equity

646.2

699.1

658.9

657.3

679.0

1,011.0

1,057.2

(1)

Includes the operating results of our Discrete Power products group for fiscal years ended 1997 and 1998, as this data could not be segregated from our predecessors
records. We disposed of our Discrete Power products group in March 2001. 

(2)

Includes the results of operations of our Discrete Power products group for the periods subsequent to fiscal year 1998 plus the gain on sale recorded in fiscal year 2001.

(3)

Excludes the $(0.2) cumulative effect of adoption of FAS 133 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, net of tax effect, for the 26 weeks ended
December 29, 2000. 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF ELANTEC 

The following selected historical
consolidated financial data as of September 30, 2000 and 2001 and for each of the years in the three year period ended September 30, 2001 are derived from Elantecs audited consolidated financial statements, which are incorporated by reference
into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The consolidated financial data as of September 30, 1997, 1998 and 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 1997 and 1998 are derived from Elantecs audited consolidated financial statements that
have not been incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The consolidated financial data as of December 31, 2001 and for the three months ended December 31, 2000 and 2001 are derived from Elantecs unaudited
consolidated financial statements which have been incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See Where You Can Find More Information. The historical results are not necessarily indicative of results to be
expected for any future period. 

Year Ended September 30,

Three Months Ended December 31,

(in millions, except per share data) 

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:

Revenue

$

35.4

$

46.2

$

50.7

$

101.2

$

112.5

$

40.7

$

22.9

Gross margin

15.3

21.4

23.9

61.6

60.3

24.5

12.0

Research and development

6.2

7.2

7.8

14.9

22.8

5.6

5.0

Selling, general and administrative

8.9

9.9

10.8

16.3

19.0

6.4

4.5

Restructuring and impairment





12.0



15.9



0.6

Income (loss) from operations

0.2

4.3

(6.8

)

30.4

2.6

12.5

1.9

Interest and other income, net

0.8

0.7

0.5

1.6

8.8

2.5

1.0

Interest expense

(0.3

)

(0.4

)

(0.4

)

(0.3

)

(0.2

)





Income (loss) before income taxes

0.6

4.5

(6.6

)

31.7

11.2

15.0

2.9

Income taxes (benefit)

0.1

(2.7

)

(2.8

)

11.7

3.9

5.3

0.9

Net income (loss)(1)

0.6

7.2

(3.9

)

20.0

7.3

9.7

2.0

Basic earnings (loss) per share

0.03

0.39

(0.21

)

1.03

0.33

0.44

0.09

Diluted earnings (loss) per share

0.03

0.37

(0.21

)

0.85

0.29

0.37

0.08

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic

17.8

18.3

18.5

19.4

22.3

22.0

22.8

Diluted

18.6

19.3

18.5

23.5

25.5

26.0

25.4

As of September 30,

As of December 31, 2001

(in millions)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments

$

15.9

$

9.5

$

18.7

$

160.6

$

184.1

$

188.2

Total assets

37.1

47.5

43.9

228.9

240.1

241.8

Long-term obligations

3.3

4.4

4.6

3.3

2.2

2.0

Total shareholders equity

24.8

32.3

29.5

200.7

219.4

223.1

(1)

Financial data for fiscal 2001 include restructuring and impairment pre-tax charges of $15.9 million. In fiscal 2001 Elantec experienced a sudden and significant decrease in
the demand on our internal fabrication facility and Elantec also decided to discontinue new product and process development in our internal fabrication facility. As a result, Elantec concluded that the projected production volume and related cash
flow from our internal fabrication facility was not sufficient to recover its carrying value. Elantec also took pre-tax excess inventory charges of $1.9 million to cost of sales. 

Financial data for fiscal 1999 include restructuring and impairment pre-tax charges of $12.0 million, resulting from Elantecs conclusion that
projected production volume and related cash flow from Elantecs internal fabrication facility were not sufficient to recover its carrying value. Also in connection with the restructuring Elantec took pre-tax excess inventory charges of $1.0
million to cost of sales. 

Financial data for fiscal 1998 includes a reversal of valuation allowance for certain deferred tax
assets resulting in an income tax benefit of $3.9 million. 

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED 

FINANCIAL DATA 

The following selected unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial data was prepared using the purchase method of accounting. The unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of
operations data combine the historical audited consolidated statement of operations for Intersil for the year ended December 28, 2001, with Elantecs historical unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31,
2001, giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred on December 30, 2000. Elantecs historical unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 was derived by adding the unaudited consolidated statement of
operations for the quarter ended December 31, 2001 to the audited consolidated statement of operations for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 and deducting the unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the quarter ended December 31,
2000. 

The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet combines Intersils historical audited consolidated balance
sheet as of December 28, 2001 with Elantecs historical unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2001, giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred as of December 28, 2001. 

The selected unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial data is based on estimates and assumptions, which are preliminary. This data is presented
for informational purposes only and is not intended to represent or be indicative of the consolidated results of operations or financial condition of Intersil that would have been reported had the merger been completed as of the dates presented and
should not be taken as representative of future consolidated results of operations of Intersil. 

This selected unaudited pro
forma combined condensed financial data should be read in conjunction with the selected historical consolidated financial data and the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements and accompanying notes contained elsewhere in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and the separate historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of Intersil and Elantec incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See Where You Can Find More
Information. 

Year ended December 28, 2001

(in millions,

except per share data)

Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statement of

Operations Data:

Revenues

$

575.8

Income before extraordinary item

 28.8

Diluted earnings per share before extraordinary item

0.20

As of December 28, 2001

(in millions)

Pro Forma Combined Condensed Balance Sheet Data:

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments

$

574.2

Total assets

2,318.6

Long-term obligations

21.2

Shareholders equity

2,144.2

Unaudited Comparative Historical and Pro Forma Per Share Data 

The following table shows information
about our historical earnings (loss) per common share and book value per share, and similar information reflecting the completion of our proposed merger, which we refer to as pro forma information. 

Fiscal Year Ended December 28, 2001

Intersil

Historical Per Share Data:

Basic earnings per share

$

0.38

Diluted earnings per share

0.37

Book value per share at period end (1)

9.89

Elantec

Historical Per Share Data:

Basic earnings per share

$

(0.02

)

Diluted earnings per share

(0.02

)

Book value per share at period end (1)

9.75

Intersil and Elantec Combined

Pro Forma Combined:

Basic earnings per share

$

0.12

Diluted earnings per share

0.12

Book value per share at period end (2)

15.73

Equivalent Pro Forma (3):

Basic earnings per share

$

0.15

Diluted earnings per share

0.15

Book value per share at period end 

19.51

(1)

The historical book value per share is computed by dividing total shareholders equity by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the end of the period.

(2)

The pro forma combined book value per Intersil share is computed by dividing total pro forma shareholders equity by the pro forma number of shares of common stock which
would have been outstanding had the merger been consummated at the end of the period. 

(3)

Equivalent pro forma amounts are calculated by multiplying each of the respective pro forma combined amounts by the exchange ratio of 1.24. 

ADJUSTED NET INCOME AND PER SHARE DATA 

The table below presents adjusted net income to provide an
indication of our results on an on going basis. Adjusted net income is calculated by excluding from net income (loss) the following items: intangible amortization, operating results of certain operations sold in 2001, unusual charges, extraordinary
items and associated tax effects. 

Adjusted net income is not a term that has an established meaning under accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States, and other companies may not calculate adjusted net income or similarly titled financial measures in the same manner. Adjusted net income as used here should not be considered as an alternative to net income
(loss) as an indicator of operating results or as an alternative to our cash flow statements. 

Year ended

December 28, 2001

Intersil

Elantec

Combined

(in millions, except per share data)

Net income (loss)as reported (a)

$

39.9

$

(0.4

)

$

39.5

Adjusted net income

41.6

11.5

53.1

Adjusted diluted earnings per share (b)

0.38

0.47

0.37

The following table sets forth the adjustments to reconcile net income
(loss) to adjusted net income. 

Year ended

December 28, 2001

Intersil

Elantec

Combined

(in millions)

Net income (loss)as reported (a)

$

39.9

$

(0.4

)

$

39.5

Intangible and unearned stock-based compensation amortization

44.2

  

44.2

Impairment of long-lived assets

7.6

15.3

22.9

Restructuring

32.4

1.1

33.5

Impairment on investments

8.2

  

8.2

Operating results of certain operations sold during 2001

3.0

  

3.0

Gain on sale of certain operations

(168.4

)

  

(168.4

)

Excess inventory charge

19.2

1.9

21.1

Associated tax effects (c)

43.3

(6.4

)

36.9

Loss on extinguishment of debt, net of tax (d)

12.2

  

12.2

Adjusted net income

$

41.6

$

11.5

$

53.1

Weighted average common shares outstandingdiluted (b)

108.9

24.7

141.7

(a)

Elantecs historical unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 was derived by adding the unaudited consolidated statement of
operations for the quarter ended December 31, 2001 to the audited consolidated statement of operations for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 and deducting the unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the quarter ended
December 31, 2000. 

(b)

Adjusted diluted earnings per share reflects the adjusted net income divided by the applicable weighted common shares outstanding. The combined weighted average common shares
outstanding was derived by applying the applicable exchange ratios contemplated in the merger. 

(c)

Represents the cumulative tax effect of the sum of the preceding line items that have been added back to net income (loss). 

(d)

In the 52 weeks ended December 28, 2001, we repurchased all $61.4 million of our outstanding 13.25% senior subordinated notes in the open market. 

RISK FACTORS 

An investment in Intersil Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. By
participating in the merger, current Elantec shareholders will be choosing to invest in Intersil Class A common stock. Upon consummation of the merger, current Intersil shareholders will face dilution of their ownership interest in Intersil. In
addition to the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in deciding whether to participate in the merger or vote in favor of it.

Risks Relating to the Proposed Merger 

The failure of Intersil to integrate, operate and manage the combined company
effectively could have a material adverse effect on Intersils business, financial condition and operating results and could result in loss of key personnel. 

Intersil will need to meet significant challenges to realize the expected benefits and synergies of the merger. These challenges include: 



Integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures and operations of the two companies; 



Retaining and assimilating the key personnel of each company; 



Integrating sales, marketing and business development operations; 



Retaining existing customers and collaborative partners of each company; 



Managing multiple geographic locations; 



Developing new products and services that utilize the assets and resources of both companies; and 



Creating uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems. 

Meeting these challenges will involve considerable risk, including: 



The potential disruption of each companys ongoing business and distraction of their respective management teams; 



The difficulty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into Intersils products and services; 



Unanticipated expenses related to technology integration; 



The impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new management personnel; and 



Potential unknown liabilities associated with the merger. 

If Intersil does not succeed in addressing these challenges or any other problems encountered in connection with the merger, its operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

The market price of Intersil Class A common stock may decline as a result of the merger. 

The market price of Intersil Class A common stock may decline as a result of the merger for a number of reasons including: 



The integration of Elantec by Intersil may be unsuccessful; 



Intersil may not achieve the perceived benefits of the merger as rapidly as, or to the extent, anticipated by financial or industry analysts; or 



The effect of the merger on Intersils financial results may not be consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts. 

Elantec shareholders will receive a fixed number of shares of Intersil Class A common stock despite changes in the
market value of Intersil Class A common stock or Elantec common stock. 

Upon completion of the merger, each share of Elantec
common stock will be converted into 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and $8.00 cash, without interest. There will be no adjustment to the consideration payable to Elantec shareholders in connection with the merger for changes in the
market price of Intersil Class A common stock. In addition, neither Elantec nor Intersil may terminate the merger agreement solely because of changes in the market price of the other companys common stock. Accordingly, the dollar value of
Intersil Class A common stock that Elantec shareholders will receive in the merger may be different from the dollar value of Intersil Class A common stock on the date that Elantec shareholders approve the merger. The share prices of both Elantec
common stock and Intersil Class A common stock have experienced significant volatility. Intersil cannot predict or give any assurances as to the market price of Intersil Class A common stock at any time before or after the completion of the merger.

Elantecs and Intersils officers and directors have conflicts of interest that may influence them to support or approve the merger.

The directors and officers of Elantec participate in employment and severance arrangements and have continuing
indemnification against liabilities that provide them with interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, those of Elantecs shareholders. The directors and officers of Elantec and Intersil could be more likely to recommend
and approve the merger agreement than if they did not hold these interests. Elantec and Intersil shareholders should consider whether these interests might have influenced these directors and officers to support or recommend the merger. These
interests include the following: 



Intersil has agreed to indemnify each present and former Elantec officer and director against liabilities arising out of such persons services as an officer or director
of Elantec prior to the merger; 



Elantec and Intersil have agreed that the Intersil board of directors will appoint Elantecs president and chief executive officer, Richard M. Beyer, and Elantecs
chairman, James V. Diller, to the Intersil board of directors following the merger; 



Intersils president and chief executive officer, Gregory L. Williams, who is also a director of Intersil, has agreed to the principal terms of his new employment
arrangement as executive chairman of Intersils board of directors following the merger; and 



Mr. Beyer will become president and chief executive officer of Intersil and has agreed to the principal terms of his new employment arrangement with Intersil. 

Failure to complete the merger could negatively affect Intersils and Elantecs stock prices and each companys future business
and operations. 

If the merger is not completed for any reason, each company may be subject to a number of material risks,
including the following: 



Either company may be required under certain circumstances to pay the other a termination fee; 



The price of Intersil Class A common stock and Elantec common stock may decline; and 



Costs related to the merger, such as financial advisory, legal, accounting and printing fees, must be paid even if the merger is not completed. 

Finally, if the merger is terminated, either company may be unable to find a partner willing to engage in a similar transaction on terms as favorable as those set
forth in the merger agreement, or at all. This could limit each companys ability to pursue its respective strategic goals. 

Uncertainty regarding the merger may cause customers, suppliers and channel partners to delay or defer decisions
concerning Intersil and Elantec and adversely affect each companys ability to attract and retain key employees. 

The merger will occur only if stated conditions are met, including approval of the merger by Elantecs shareholders, approval of the issuance of shares in the merger by Intersils shareholders, clearance of the merger under German
anticompetition law, and the absence of any material adverse effect in the business of Elantec or Intersil. Many of the conditions are outside the control of Elantec and Intersil, and both parties also have stated rights to terminate the merger
agreement. Accordingly, there may be uncertainty regarding the completion of the merger. This uncertainty may cause customers, suppliers and channel partners to delay or defer decisions concerning Elantec or Intersil, which could negatively affect
their respective businesses. Customers, suppliers and channel partners may also seek to change existing agreements with Elantec or Intersil as a result of the merger. Any delay or deferral of those decisions or changes in existing agreements could
have a material adverse effect on the respective businesses of Elantec and Intersil, regardless of whether the merger is ultimately completed. Moreover, diversion of management focus and resources from the day-to-day operation of the business to
matters relating to the merger could have a material adverse effect on each companys business, regardless of whether the merger is completed. Current and prospective employees of each company may experience uncertainty about their future roles
with the combined company. This may adversely affect each companys ability to attract and retain key management, sales, marketing and technical personnel. 

Failure to retain key employees could diminish the anticipated benefits of the merger. 

The success of the merger will depend in part on the retention of personnel critical to the business and operations of the combined company due to, for example, their technical skills or management expertise. Employees may experience
uncertainty about their future roles with Intersil and Elantec until strategies with regard to these employees are announced or executed. Intersil and Elantec have different corporate cultures, and some Intersil and Elantec employees may not want to
work for the combined company. In addition, competitors may recruit employees during Intersils integration of Elantec, as is common in high technology mergers. If Intersil and Elantec are unable to retain personnel that are critical to the
successful integration and future operation of the companies, Intersil and Elantec could face disruptions in their operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how, and unanticipated additional recruitment and
training costs. In addition, the loss of key personnel could diminish the anticipated benefits of the merger. 

The merger may go forward in certain
circumstances even if Intersil or Elantec suffers a material adverse effect. 

In general, either party can refuse to
complete the merger if a material adverse effect occurs with regard to the other party before the closing. However, neither party may refuse to complete the merger on that basis if the effect results from: 



adverse changes in general economic conditions, or adverse changes in the semiconductor industry generally; or 



any change in the trading price of the common stock of the other party. 

If adverse effects occur but Intersil and Elantec must still complete the merger, Intersils stock price may suffer. This in turn may reduce the value of the merger to Intersil and Elantec shareholders.

The termination fee and restrictions on solicitation contained in the merger agreement may discourage other companies from trying to acquire Elantec.

Until the completion of the merger, with limited exceptions, the merger agreement prohibits Elantec from entering into or
soliciting any acquisition proposal or offer for a merger or other business combination with a party other than Intersil. Elantec has agreed to pay Intersil a termination fee of $32 million plus reimbursement of

expenses in specified circumstances, including where Elantecs board of directors withdraws its support of the merger with Intersil to support a business combination with a third party.
These provisions could discourage other companies from trying to acquire Elantec even though those other companies might be willing to offer greater value to Elantec shareholders than Intersil has offered in the merger. 

The rights of holders of Elantec common stock will change as a result of the merger. 

After the merger, shareholders of Elantec will become shareholders of Intersil and their rights will be governed by Intersils certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are
different from Elantecs certificate of incorporation and bylaws. As a result of these differences, Elantec shareholders may have less control over corporate actions proposed to be taken by Intersil than they would have had over corporate
actions proposed to be taken by Elantec. These differences include: 



Sterling Holding Company, LLC has certain rights to designate members of Intersils board of directors; and 



Intersil has not adopted anti-takeover devices that Elantec currently has in place. 

For more information, see Comparison of Shareholder Rights. 

The merger will result in substantial
dilution of the ownership interests of current Intersil shareholders. 

Upon completion of the merger, each share of Elantec
common stock will be exchanged for 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and $8.00 cash, without interest. As a result, the current shareholders of Intersil will own approximately 77% of the outstanding common stock of the combined company on
a fully-diluted basis, based on the number of outstanding shares of common stock of Intersil and Elantec on March 4, 2002. This represents substantial dilution of the ownership interests of the current Intersil shareholders. 

Risks Relating to Intersil After the Merger 

Fluctuation of operating results  Our future operating results are
likely to fluctuate and therefore may fail to meet expectations which could cause the price of the Class A common stock to decline. 

Intersils and Elantecs operating results have varied widely in the past and are likely to do so in the future. In addition, our operating results may not follow any past trends. Our future operating results will depend on many
factors, many of which are beyond our control, and may fail to meet our expectations for a number of reasons, including those set forth in these risk factors. Any failure to meet expectations could cause the price of Intersils Class A common
stock to significantly fluctuate or decline. 

Factors that could cause our operating results to fluctuate that relate to our
internal operations include: 



the need for continual and rapid introductions of new products; 



changes in our product mix; 



our inability to adjust our fixed costs in the face of any declines in sales; and 



the availability of production capacity and fluctuations in the manufacturing yields at our facilities. 

Factors that could cause our operating results to fluctuate that depend on our suppliers and customers include: 



the timing of significant product orders, order cancellations and reschedulings; 



the availability of production capacity and fluctuations in the manufacturing yields at third parties facilities that manufacture our devices; and 



the cost of raw materials and manufacturing services from our suppliers. 

Factors that could cause our operating results to fluctuate that relate to our industry
include: 



the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry; 



the new and evolving nature of the wireless LAN, power management, analog optical storage and flat panel display markets; 



the possibility that wireless LAN technology may not be adopted on a widespread basis or may be replaced by a competing technology or that the technical standards we promote
may not be adopted on a widespread basis; and 



intense competitive pricing pressures. 

Risks associated
with international operations  International operations subject us to risks not always faced by domestic competitors, such as unfavorable political, regulatory, labor and tax conditions in other countries. 

We cannot be certain to what extent the combined companys operations and earnings may be adversely affected by the risks related to, or any other
problems arising from, operating in international markets. In calendar year 2001, Intersil and Elantec together generated approximately two thirds of their revenue on a combined basis from outside the United States. Risks inherent in doing business
on an international level include: 



economic and political instability; 



trade restrictions; 



transportation disruptions and delays; 



difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer accounts receivable payment cycles; 



difficulties in staffing and managing personnel, distributors and representatives in foreign countries; 



reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries, particularly in Asia; 



currency exchange rate fluctuations; 



compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations; and 



unexpected changes in the laws and policies of the United States and of the countries in which we manufacture and sell our products. 

We expect that the combined companys net international sales, particularly into Japan, Taiwan and South Korea, will continue to account for a
significant percentage of the combined companys net revenues in the future. The U.S. war against terrorism on a global basis may also increase the risks inherent in our international operations, including Intersils dependence on its
supply agreement with ChipPAC, which provides for assembly and test services in ChipPACs Malaysia facilities. 

Cyclical
industry  Downturns in the business cycle could reduce the revenues and profitability of the combined business. 

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical. Beginning in the third quarter of calendar year 2000 and continuing through the first quarter of 2002, the semiconductor industry has experienced a slowdown in both the wireless access and
communications analog markets. Additionally, both Intersil and Elantec have experienced slowing demand for their analog products aimed at the communications, industrial, and video and optical storage markets. The combined companys markets may
experience other, possibly more severe and prolonged, downturns in the future. We may also experience significant changes in our operating income margins as a result of variations in sales, changes in product mix, price competition for orders and
costs associated with the need for continual and rapid introduction of new products. 

The markets for our products depend on
continued demand for communications, industrial, video and optical storage, and consumer electronics products. In 2001, Intersil experienced backlog cancellations and lower

bookings. From the fourth quarter in 2000 to the fourth quarter in 2001, Intersils backlog decreased by $82.4 million after adjusting for the sale of the assets of its Discrete Power
products group. There can be no assurance that our end-user markets will not experience changes in demand that will adversely affect our business, financial conditions or results of operations. 

New product development and technological change  Our inability to introduce new products could result in decreased revenues and loss of market share to competitors; new technologies could also
reduce the demand for our products. 

Rapidly changing technology and industry standards, along with frequent new product
introductions, characterize the semiconductor industry. Our success in our markets depends on our ability to design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market and support new products and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis. For
example, in the fiscal year ended December 28, 2001, 54.6% of Intersils total revenues can be attributed to products sold for the first time in the preceding 36 months, adjusted to reflect the sale of the assets of Intersils Discrete
Power products group. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify new product opportunities and develop and bring new products to market in a timely and cost-effective manner or that products or technologies developed by others will
not render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. A fundamental shift in technology in our product markets could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Dependence on sources of supply  Production time and the cost of our products could increase if we were to lose one of our limited number of suppliers or if one of those suppliers increased the prices of raw
materials. 

Our operating results could be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials
in a timely manner or if the costs of raw materials increased significantly. Our manufacturing operations depend upon obtaining adequate supplies of raw materials on a timely basis. We purchase raw materials, such as silicon wafers, from a limited
number of suppliers on a just-in-time basis. From time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. 

Dependence on outside foundries  Because we depend on third party foundries to manufacture some of our products, we may experience delays beyond our control in delivering those products to our customers.

Both Intersil and Elantec use outside wafer fabrication foundries for the manufacture of device types where they do not
have the necessary technologies resident in house. Intersil also uses advanced manufacturing processes of outside foundries for certain components of its PRISM

 products. After the merger, we intend to continue to rely on third party foundries and other specialist suppliers for some of our manufacturing requirements. However, these third party
foundries are not obligated to supply products to us for any specific period, in any specific quantity or at any specific price. As a result, we cannot directly control semiconductor delivery schedules, which could lead to product shortages, quality
assurance problems and increases in the cost of our products. We may experience delays in the future and we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain semiconductors within the time frames and in the volumes required by us at an affordable cost
or at all. Any disruption in the availability of semiconductors or any problems associated with the delivery, quality or cost of the fabrication of our products could significantly hinder our ability to deliver our products to our customers and may
result in a decrease in sales of our products. If the third party foundries we currently use are unable to provide our products, we may be required to seek new foundries, and we cannot be certain that their services will be available at favorable
terms or that sufficient capacity will be available. 

In addition, the manufacture of our products is a highly complex and
precise process, requiring production in a highly controlled environment. Changes in manufacturing processes or the inadvertent use of defective or contaminated materials by a third party foundry could adversely affect the foundrys ability to
achieve acceptable manufacturing yields and product reliability. If the third party foundries we currently use do not achieve adequate yields or product reliability, our customer relationships could suffer. This could ultimately lead to a loss of
sales of our products and have a negative effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Dependence on ChipPAC  Because Intersil depends on ChipPAC to provide it with assembly and test services,
Intersil may be adversely affected if ChipPAC fails to perform adequately. 

Intersil depends on ChipPAC for the assembly and
testing of most of our semiconductors. In connection with the sale of its assembly and test facilities in Malaysia to ChipPAC, Intersil entered into a supply agreement through June 2005 with ChipPAC under which the Malaysia facility became its
preferred provider of semiconductor assembly and test services. Any disruption in the availability of semiconductors associated with the assembly and testing of Intersils products by ChipPAC or other providers of assembly and test services
could significantly hinder Intersils ability to deliver its products to its customers and may result in a decrease in sales of Intersils products. In addition, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely
affected if ChipPAC or other providers of assembly and test services are unable to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner or if their costs of raw materials increase significantly. 

Manufacturing risks  Delays in production at new facilities, in implementing new production techniques or incurring problems associated with technical equipment
malfunctions may lower yields and reduce the combined companys revenues. 

The combined companys manufacturing
processes are highly complex, require advanced and costly equipment and are continuously being modified in an effort to improve yields and product performance. Impurities or other difficulties in the manufacturing process can lower yields. The
combined companys manufacturing efficiency will be an important factor in its future profitability, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our manufacturing efficiency or increase manufacturing efficiency to the same extent
as our competitors. 

In addition, as is common in the semiconductor industry, Intersil and Elantec have from time to time
experienced difficulty in beginning production at new facilities or in effecting transitions to new manufacturing processes. As a consequence, Intersil and Elantec have experienced delays in product deliveries and reduced yields. We may experience
manufacturing problems in achieving acceptable yields or experience product delivery delays in the future as a result of, among other things, capacity constraints, construction delays, upgrading or expanding existing facilities or changing our
process technologies, any of which could result in a loss of future revenues. Increases in fixed costs and operating expenses related to increases in production capacity may adversely affect the combined companys operating results if revenues
do not increase proportionately. 

Difficulties in estimating the amount and timing of sales to our customers could harm our operating results.

It is difficult for us to forecast accurately the timing and amount of sales to our customers, which include distributors
and original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs. Customers generally take a long time to evaluate products and technologies before committing to design our products into their systems. Moreover, our business is characterized by short-term orders and
shipment schedules, and customer orders typically can be canceled or rescheduled on short notice to us and without significant penalty to our customers. We do not have substantial noncancellable backlog and often we are forced to obtain inventory
and materials from our manufacturing subcontractors in advance of anticipated customer demand. Because we incur expenses, many of which are fixed, based in part on our forecasts of future product sales, our operating results could be harmed if sales
levels are below our expectations. 

If our use of advanced Bipolar and Bi-CMOS technology for our product development is impaired, our business and
operating results could be harmed. 

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2001, Elantec discontinued the development of an
advanced silicon-on-insulator technology in favor of outsourcing advanced Bipolar and Bi-CMOS technology as part of its future product development strategy. As with the transition to any new process technology, we cannot assure you that this new
technology can be successfully implemented for our product development requirements in a timely

manner, that the combined company will have access to this new technology to satisfy its requirements, or that this new technology will provide the desired improvements over Elantecs
current technology. Cancellation or significant delays in the transition to this new process technology or manufacturing problems associated with transferring our current product line to this technology, or problems associated with the development
and manufacturing of our future products using this technology could harm our business and results of operations. Cancellation or significant delays resulting from the transition to and use of this technology also could harm our new product
development program. 

Competition  Our business is very competitive, and increased competition could reduce gross margins and the value of an
investment in our company. 

The semiconductor industry, and the semiconductor product markets specifically, are highly
competitive. Competition is based on price, product performance, quality, reliability and customer service. The gross margins realizable in our markets can differ across regions, depending on the economic strength of end product markets in those
regions. Even in strong markets, price pressures may emerge as competitors attempt to gain more market share by lowering prices. Competition in the various markets in which we participate comes from companies of various sizes, many of which are
larger and have greater financial and other resources than we have and thus can better withstand adverse economic or market conditions. Competitors include manufacturers and designers of standard semiconductors, application-specific integrated
circuits, or ICs, and fully customized ICs, as well as customers who develop their own IC products. In addition, companies not currently in direct competition with us may introduce competing products in the future. 

Currency exchange rate fluctuations  Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies could increase operating expenses and negatively affect
our financial performance and results of operations. 

While the combined company and its subsidiaries will transact business
primarily in U.S. dollars, and most of its revenues will be denominated in U.S. dollars, a portion of the costs and revenues is denominated in other currencies, such as the Euro and the Japanese Yen. As a result, changes in the exchange rates of
these currencies or any other applicable currencies to the U.S. dollar will affect the costs of goods sold and operating margins and could result in exchange losses. The impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on results of operations cannot be
accurately predicted. From time to time, Intersil and Elantec have engaged in, and may continue to engage in, exchange rate hedging activities in an effort to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. However, any hedging technique that we
may implement may not be effective or may result in foreign exchange hedging losses. 

In the past, Intersil has incurred foreign
exchange hedging losses, including $13.3 million during fiscal year 1998 and $11.4 million during fiscal year 1999. 

Dependence on intellectual
property  We use a significant amount of intellectual property in our business. If we are unable to protect this intellectual property, we could lose our right to exclusive use of key technology, resulting in decreased revenues.

Our future success and competitive position depend in part upon our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary technology
used in our principal products. We rely on intellectual property rights, including, but not limited to, rights existing under patent, trade secret, trademark, maskwork and copyright law, to protect this technology. Some of our technology is not
covered by any patent or patent application, and there are risks that: 



some of the approximately 1,400 patents that Intersil owns and other patents that it licenses from Harris Corporation, the predecessor of Intersils business, may be
invalidated, circumvented, challenged or licensed to others; and 



the license rights granted by Harris, or the patents that we own, will not provide competitive advantages to Intersil; or 



some of Intersils pending or future patent applications will not be issued within the scope of the claims sought by it, if at all. 

Further, others may develop technologies that are similar or superior to our technology, duplicate our technology or design around our
patents. In addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright, maskwork and trade secret protection may be unavailable, limited or not applied for in certain foreign countries. 

We also seek to protect our proprietary technology, including technology that may not be patented or patentable, in part by confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, inventors
rights agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not be breached or that we will have adequate remedies for any breach. 

Some of Intersils current licenses to use others technology are scheduled to expire periodically over the next several years, unless
extended. In particular, Intersil has access to a portfolio of patents under cross-license agreements that began to expire in December 2000. We will need to negotiate renewals of these agreements or obtain the technology from alternative sources. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain renewals on substantially similar terms as those that currently exist or at all. 

The failure to protect the combined companys intellectual property or to extend its existing license agreements could adversely affect its revenues. 

Dependence on intellectual property acquired from Harris  Intersil has acquired substantially all of its intellectual property from Harris. To the extent Intersils use of this intellectual property
infringes the intellectual property rights of others, we may be required to cease our use or sale of affected products. 

Under Intersils intellectual property agreement with Harris, Harris has limited, royalty-free, worldwide, nonexclusive license rights (without right to sublicense) to some of Intersils technology. Under a patent assignment and
services agreements with Harris, Harris will retain the ownership and rights to certain patents until August 13, 2002, after which time the patents will be assigned to Intersil, provided the patents are not the subject of litigation at that time,
and with the provision that any binding obligations on third parties to make royalty or other payments respecting the patents will be retained by Harris. 

Furthermore, the license agreements under which third parties are licensed to use Intersils intellectual property (or intellectual property that is assigned to Intersil) and under which Harris is cross-licensed
to the third partys intellectual property, may not be assignable to Intersil. For this situation, Harris agreed to partially indemnify Intersil for limited periods in limited situations against claims that Intersils activities infringe
upon the intellectual property rights of others. The extent and duration of this indemnification may be insufficient to shield Intersil from the need to make monetary payments to third parties and may cause Intersil to suspend the manufacture, use
or sale of some affected products. 

Intellectual property upon which we rely may infringe on other parties intellectual property rights 
We may have to pay others for infringing their intellectual property rights or defend ourselves in a litigation, resulting in significant expense to us. 

Vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights or positions characterize the semiconductor industry, resulting in significant and often protracted and expensive litigation. We may from time to time be
notified of claims that we may be infringing third party patents or other intellectual property rights. Proxim, Inc. has claimed that Intersil and Cisco Systems Inc. have infringed three U.S. patents relating to wireless LAN products. Proxim has
also initiated actions against some of our customers alleging infringement of the same

patents. Although Intersil is not party to these other actions, Intersils customers could seek indemnification from it. Intersil is vigorously defending against the infringement claims and
has filed an action to have Proxims three patents found invalid, unenforceable and not infringed. In a separate action, Proxim has filed a complaint with the International Trade Commission seeking to ban the importation of products allegedly
infringing these three patents. In connection with a lawsuit by Harris against Ericsson, Inc., one of Harris competitors and one of Intersils customers, Ericsson brought a countersuit alleging infringement by Harris of four of
Ericssons patents relating to telephone subscriber line interface circuits and joined us as a defendant. In June 2001, a jury awarded $151,000 against Intersil but judgment has not yet been entered. Because this litigation was filed before we
acquired the semiconductor business of Harris, Intersil believes its liability from this litigation is covered by Harris agreement to provide Intersil with limited indemnities. However, the possibility of an injunction exists against future
sales of Intersils product. We do not believe that these suits will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is still possible, however, that these suits will be resolved in a manner that
is materially adverse to us. 

If necessary or desirable, we may, from time to time, seek licenses to patents or other
intellectual property rights. However, we cannot be certain that we will obtain these licenses or that the terms of any offered licenses will be acceptable to us, and the acquisition of any license could require expenditure of substantial time and
other resources. Furthermore, some licenses or other rights to intellectual property of third parties that Intersil uses, such as software, may not be freely assignable by Harris to Intersil. Failure to obtain a license from a third party for
technology we use could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend the manufacture or shipment of products or our use of processes requiring the technology. Litigation could result in significant expense to us, adversely affecting
sales of the challenged product or technology and diverting the efforts of our technical and management personnel, whether or not the litigation is determined in our favor. In the event of an adverse outcome in any litigation, we may be required to:



pay substantial damages and incur significant attorneys fees; 



indemnify customers for damages they might suffer if the products they purchase from us violate intellectual property rights of others; 



stop our manufacture, use, sale or importation of infringing products; 



expend significant resources to develop or acquire non-infringing technology; 



discontinue the use of some processes; or 



obtain licenses for intellectual property rights covering the technology that we are found to have infringed. 

Significant shareholders  A limited number of persons may substantially influence corporate actions in a manner adverse to your interests. 

Upon completion of the merger, Sterling Holding Company, LLC, or Sterling, and Intersils current directors and executive officers will
beneficially own about 13% of Intersils outstanding Class A common stock, Intersils only class of voting stock. By virtue of this stock ownership, they may be able to substantially influence our affairs and the outcome of matters
required to be submitted to shareholders for approval, including the election of Intersils directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of Intersils assets, and the amendment of Intersils certificate of
incorporation. An affiliate of Sterling also has a significant equity investment in Fairchild Semiconductor International Inc., one of Intersils competitors, and is a principal shareholder of ChipPAC with which Intersil has a long-term supply
agreement. Intersils board of directors currently consists of six directors, determined as follows: Intersils chief executive officer, one individual designated by Sterling, up to four independent directors designated by Sterling and, in
the event the board of directors includes four independent directors designated by Sterling, one additional individual designated by Sterling. Under Intersils shareholders agreement, each of Intersils shareholders prior to
Intersils initial public offering agrees to take all action necessary (including voting his, her or its shares, calling special meetings and

executing and delivering written consents) to ensure that Intersils board of directors will be composed at all times as described above. Intersil expects that the shareholders
agreement will be amended to provide for the appointment of Richard M. Beyer and James V. Diller to Intersils board upon the completion of the merger. 

Risks relating to future acquisitions  We may not be able to consummate future acquisitions, and those acquisitions which we do complete may be difficult to integrate and result in increased debt and liabilities. 

We plan to pursue acquisitions of related businesses in the future. We might not be able to consummate acquisitions, or, if we complete any
acquisition, we may not realize any of the benefits anticipated from these acquisitions. Financing for acquisitions may not be available and, depending on the terms of these acquisitions, financing could be restricted by the terms of our senior
credit facility. The process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant financial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing
development or expansion of our existing operations. Some of the risks associated with future acquisitions include the incurrence of additional debt, contingent liabilities, coordinating new product and process development and conforming the
acquired companys standards, processes, procedures and controls with our operations, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Environmental liabilities and other governmental regulations  Regulatory matters could force us to expend significant capital and incur substantial costs.

We are subject to various environmental laws relating to the management, disposal and remediation of hazardous materials
and the discharge of pollutants into the environment. We are also subject to laws relating to workplace safety and worker health which, among other things, regulate employee exposure to hazardous substances. Harris agreed to indemnify us for
substantially all environmental liabilities in excess of financial reserve amounts related to events or activities occurring before our acquisition of the semiconductor business. 

The nature of our ongoing operations exposes us to the risk of liabilities with respect to environmental matters, including those relating to the on-site and off-site disposal and
release of hazardous materials, and there can be no assurance that material costs will not be incurred in connection with such liabilities. 

Based on our experience, we believe that the future cost of compliance with existing environmental and health and safety laws (and liability for known environmental conditions) even without the indemnity from Harris
will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, we cannot predict: 



what environmental or health and safety legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future; 



how existing or future laws or regulations will be enforced, administered or interpreted; or 



the amount of future expenditures which may be required to comply with these environmental or health and safety laws or to respond to future cleanup matters or other
environmental claims. 

Risks relating to restructuring  Intersils restructuring plans may result in additional costs
and may not achieve its intended benefits. 

In connection with Intersils March 2001 restructuring plans, Intersil
recorded expenses of approximately $32.4 million based on our estimates as to the scope, cost and timing of various components of the plans. The final cost of fully implementing the plans may ultimately exceed this amount. Also, the perceived
benefits from the restructuring plans may not be realized on a timely basis and may be less than originally anticipated. We cannot assure you that our restructuring plans will result in our achieving our internally targeted profitability goals.

If we fail to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business may be harmed. 

Our future success depends largely upon the continued service of our key management and technical personnel, and on our continued ability to hire,
integrate and retain qualified management and technical personnel, particularly engineers. Competition for these employees in the analog semiconductor industry is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining these personnel. In
addition, it is difficult to obtain work visas for foreign professionals trained in the United States. The loss of any key employee, the failure of any key employee to perform in his or her current position or our inability to attract and retain
skilled employees as needed could impair our ability to meet customer and technological demands. The loss of the services of any executive officer or other key technical or management personnel could harm our business. To help retain the continued
services of some of our key executives, we have entered into employment agreements with some of them. We do not have key person life insurance on any of our key personnel. 

THE ANNUAL MEETING OF INTERSIL CLASS A COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

Date, time and place of Intersils annual meeting 

The date, time and place of the
annual meeting of Intersil Class A common shareholders are as follows: 

Hyatt Regency Hotel 

17900 Jamboree Blvd. 

Irvine, California 92614 

May 14, 2002 

9:00 a.m., local time 

Proposals to be voted upon at the annual meeting 

Intersil is furnishing this joint proxy
statement/prospectus to Intersil Class A common shareholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by and on behalf of the Intersil board of directors. The Intersil board of directors will use the proxies at the annual meeting of
shareholders and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. 

At the annual meeting, Intersil Class A shareholders will
consider and vote upon the following proposals: 



to approve the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common stock in the acquisition of Elantec, as explained in greater detail in this joint proxy statement/prospectus;



to approve an amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation, subject to the completion of the merger, to increase the maximum number of directors on Intersils
board from seven to eight; 



to elect six directors to serve on Intersils board of directors until the next annual meeting of shareholders, or until their successors are duly elected and qualified;



to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Intersils independent accountants; and 



to transact such other business as may properly come before the annual meeting. 

Additional information regarding these proposals (other than the proposal to issue shares of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger) can be found in Other Intersil Proposals
for Shareholder Action. 

Record date and outstanding shares 

The Intersil board of directors has fixed the close of
business on April 4, 2002, as the record date for the annual meeting. Only holders of record of Intersil Class A common stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the meeting. As of the close of
business on the record date, there were 93,640,553 shares of Intersil Class A common stock outstanding and entitled to vote, held of record by approximately 166 shareholders. 

Vote and quorum required 

Holders of Intersils Class A common stock are entitled to one
vote for each share held as of the record date. In order to conduct business at the annual meeting, a quorum consisting of at least a majority of Intersils outstanding Class A common stock must be present in person or represented by proxy.
Approval of the proposal to issue shares of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast at the annual meeting. Approval of the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock is
a condition to the completion of the merger. Approval of the proposal to amend Intersils certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of Intersils outstanding Class A common stock. The
completion of the merger is a condition to the amendment of Intersils certificate of incorporation, but approval of the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation is not a condition to the completion of the merger. Directors are
elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Holders of Intersil Class A common stock are

entitled to cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that each holder is entitled to as many votes as would equal the number of shares he, she or it holds multiplied by the
number of directors to be elected, in this case, six. The holder may cast all of his, her or its votes for one director or distribute them among any number of candidates. Ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Intersils
independent accountants requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the annual meeting. See Other Intersil Proposals for Shareholder Action. 

As of the record date, directors and executive officers of Intersil as a group owned approximately 3% of the outstanding shares of Intersil Class A common stock and have granted Elantec
an irrevocable proxy to vote the shares held by such officers and directors in favor of the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger and in favor of the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation. 

Voting 

If you are a record holder of Intersil Class A common stock, you may vote over the
Internet, as well as by telephone, or by proxy. Instructions on how to vote are included in the proxy card. All properly executed proxies received before the vote at the annual meeting, and not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the
instructions indicated on the proxies. If no direction is indicated, such proxies will be voted for the proposal to approve the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger and for the proposal to approve the amendment to Intersils
certificate of incorporation. The proxy holders may vote the proxy in their discretion as to any other matter which may properly come before the meeting. Brokers holding shares in street name may vote the shares on the proposals to issue
Intersil Class A common stock in the merger and to approve the amendment to Intersils Class A common stock only if the shareholder provides instructions on how to vote. Brokers holding shares in street name may, however, exercise
discretionary authority to vote those shares in the election of directors and the ratification of the appointment of Intersils independent accountants. Brokers will provide shareholders with directions on how to instruct the broker to vote the
shares. 

Abstention and Broker Non-Votes 

Abstentions will be counted for purposes of determining the presence
or absence of a quorum. Any abstention on the proposal relating to issuance of Class A common stock in the merger will have the same effect as a vote against the approval of the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger. Any abstention
on the proposal to amend Intersils certificate of incorporation will have the same effect as a vote against the approval of the proposed amendment. 

If a broker, bank, custodian, nominee or other record holder of Intersil Class A common stock indicates on a proxy that it does not have discretionary authority to vote certain shares on a particular matter, which is
called a broker non-vote, those shares will be counted for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum. Broker non-votes will not affect the proposal to vote for or against the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger,
and will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal to amend Intersils certificate of incorporation. 

Appraisal Rights 

Intersils shareholders are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection
with the merger. 

Expenses of Proxy Solicitation 

Intersil will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted at
the meeting. Following the original mailing of the proxies and other soliciting materials, Intersil will request brokers, custodians, nominees and other record holders of Intersil Class A common stock to forward copies of the proxy and other
soliciting materials to persons for whom they hold shares of Intersil Class A common stock and to request authority for the exercise of proxies. In such cases, upon the request of the record holders, Intersil will reimburse such holders for their
reasonable expenses. 

In addition to solicitation by mail, directors, officers and key employees of Intersil may
solicit proxies in person or by telephone, Internet, facsimile or other means of communication. These persons will receive no additional compensation for solicitation of proxies, but may be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. In
addition, Intersil has retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to act as its proxy solicitor in connection with the annual meeting. MacKenzie Partners, Inc. will be paid a fee of up to $10,000 plus reimbursement of its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.

Proxies 

The proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus is solicited on behalf of
the Intersil board of directors for use at the annual meeting. Please complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and promptly return it in the enclosed envelope or otherwise mail it to the address indicated on the proxy card. All properly signed
proxies received prior to the vote at the annual meeting and that are not revoked will be voted at the annual meeting according to the instructions indicated on the proxies or, if no direction is indicated, to approve the issuance of Intersil common
stock in the merger and the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is exercised at the meeting by taking any of the following actions: 



delivering a written notice to the secretary of Intersil by any means, including facsimile, bearing a date later than the date of the proxy, stating that the proxy is revoked;



signing and delivering a proxy relating to the same shares and bearing a later date; or 



attending the meeting and voting in person, although attendance at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke a proxy. Please note, however, that if your shares are held of record
by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the meeting, you must bring to the meeting a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming your beneficial ownership of the shares. 

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF ELANTEC SHAREHOLDERS 

Date, time and place of Elantecs special meeting 

The date, time and place of the special
meeting of Elantec shareholders are as follows: 

Elantecs Headquarters 

675 Trade Zone Blvd. 

Milpitas, California 95035 

May 14, 2002

9:00 a.m., local time 

Purpose of the special meeting 

Elantec is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to
Elantec shareholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by and on behalf of the Elantec board of directors. The Elantec board of directors will use the proxies at the special meeting of shareholders and at any adjournment or postponement
thereof. 

The special meeting is being held so that Elantec shareholders may consider and vote upon the following proposals:



to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 10, 2002, by and among Intersil Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Echo Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation and
wholly-owned subsidiary of Intersil, and Elantec; and to approve the merger of Elantec with and into Echo Acquisition, Inc.; and 



to transact such other business as may properly come before the special meeting. 

Record date and outstanding shares 

The Elantec board of directors has fixed the close of
business on 
April 4
, 2002, as the record date for the special meeting. Only holders of record of Elantec common stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting. As of the close of
business on the record date, there were
 23,654,512 shares of Elantec common stock outstanding and entitled to vote, held of record by approximately
 166 shareholders. 

Vote and quorum required 

Holders of Elantecs common stock are entitled to one vote for each
share held as of the record date. In order to conduct business at the special meeting, a quorum consisting of at least a majority of Elantecs outstanding common stock must be present in person or represented by proxy. Approval of the proposal
to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of Elantecs outstanding common stock. Approval of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger is a condition
to the completion of the merger. 

As of the record date, directors and executive officers of Elantec and their affiliates as a
group owned
 approximately 2% of the outstanding shares of Elantec common stock and have granted Intersil an irrevocable proxy to vote the shares held by such officers and directors in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and the
approval of the merger. 

Voting 

If you are a record holder of Elantec common stock, you may vote over the Internet, as well
as by telephone, or by proxy. Instructions on how to vote are included in the proxy card. All properly executed proxies received

before the vote at the special meeting, and not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated on the proxies. If no instructions are indicated, such proxies will be voted
for the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. The proxy holders may vote the proxy in their discretion as to any other matter which may properly come before the meeting. Brokers holding shares in street name may
vote the shares only if the shareholder provides instructions on how to vote. Brokers will provide shareholders with directions on how to instruct the broker to vote the shares. 

Abstention and Broker Non-Votes 

Abstentions will be counted for purposes of determining the presence
or absence of a quorum. Any abstention on the proposal relating to the merger will have the same effect as a vote against the approval of the issuance of Elantec common stock in the merger. 

If a broker, bank, custodian, nominee or other record holder of Intersil Class A common stock indicates on a proxy that it does not have discretionary authority to vote certain shares on
a particular matter, which is called a broker non-vote, those shares will be counted for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum. Broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement and approve the merger. 

Appraisal Rights 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes the notice required by Delaware
law to Elantec shareholders that, under Delaware law, they are entitled to appraisal rights with respect to the merger and, if the merger is completed, to receive payment in cash for the fair value of their shares of Elantec common stock. In
general, to preserve their appraisal rights, Elantec shareholders who wish to exercise these rights must: 



deliver a written demand for appraisal to Elantec at or before the time the vote is taken at the Elantec special meeting; 



not vote their shares for approval and adoption of the merger and the merger agreement; continuously hold their shares of Elantec common stock from the date they make the
demand for appraisal through the closing of the merger; and 



comply with the other procedures set forth in Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended. 

The text of Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law governing appraisal rights is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex
E. Your failure to comply with the procedures described in Annex E will result in the loss of appraisal rights. You are encouraged to read the text of Section 262 governing appraisal rights carefully and The MergerAppraisal Rights
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Expenses of proxy solicitation 

Elantec will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted at
the meeting. Following the original mailing of the proxies and other soliciting materials, Elantec will request brokers, custodians, nominees and other record holders of Elantec common stock to forward copies of the proxy and other soliciting
materials to persons for whom they hold shares of Elantec common stock and to request authority for the exercise of proxies. In such cases, upon the request of the record holders, Elantec will reimburse such holders for their reasonable expenses.

In addition to solicitation by mail, directors, officers and key employees of Elantec may solicit proxies in person or by
telephone, Internet, facsimile or other means of communication. These persons will receive no additional compensation for solicitation of proxies, but may be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. In addition, Elantec has retained
MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to act as its proxy solicitor in connection

with the special meeting. MacKenzie Partners, Inc. will be paid a fee of up to $5,000 plus reimbursement of its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 

Proxies 

The proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus is solicited on behalf of the
Elantec board of directors for use at the special meeting. Please complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and promptly return it in the enclosed envelope or otherwise mail it to the address indicated on the proxy card. All properly signed
proxies received prior to the vote at the special meeting and that are not revoked will be voted at the special meeting according to the instructions indicated on the proxies or, if no direction is indicated, to approve adoption of the merger
agreement and the merger. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is exercised at the meeting by taking any of the following actions: 



delivering a written notice to the secretary of Elantec by any means, including facsimile, bearing a date later than the date of the proxy, stating that the proxy is revoked;



signing and delivering a proxy relating to the same shares and bearing a later date; or 



attending the meeting and voting in person, although attendance at the meeting will not, in itself, revoke a proxy. Please note, however, that if your shares are held of record
by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the meeting, you must bring to the meeting a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming your beneficial ownership of the shares. 

The Elantec board of directors does not know of any matter to be presented for action at the meeting that is not referred to in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. If any other matters are properly brought before the meeting, the persons named in the proxies will have discretion to vote on such matters in accordance with their best judgment. 

Board of Directors Recommendation 

After careful consideration, the Elantec board of directors has
unanimously determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of, Elantec and its shareholders and it has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger. 
Accordingly, the
Elantec board of directors unanimously recommends that Elantec shareholders vote FOR the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and to approve the merger.

THE MERGER 

This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the proposed merger.
Although Intersil and Elantec believe that the description in this section covers the material terms of the merger and the related transactions, this description may not contain all of the information that is important to you. You should carefully
read the entire joint proxy statement/prospectus for a more complete understanding of the merger. 

General 

The boards of directors of Intersil and Elantec have approved the merger of the two
companies, which will have the effect of combining the businesses, shareholder groups and other constituencies of Intersil and Elantec. The combined company is expected to be a leading provider of semiconductor products targeting the wireless LAN,
power management, analog optical storage and flat panel display markets. In order to complete the merger, both companies must obtain the approval of their shareholders. 

Structure of the Merger 

In accordance with the merger agreement and Delaware law, Elantec will merge
with and into Echo Acquisition, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intersil formed for the purpose of the merger, with Echo Acquisition, Inc. continuing in existence as the surviving corporation. Alternatively, upon the election of Intersil, Echo
Acquisition, Inc. will merge with and into Elantec, with Elantec continuing in existence as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intersil. In either case, each share of Elantec common stock issued and outstanding as of the time
of the merger will be converted into the right to receive 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and $8.00 cash, without interest. Upon completion of the merger, there will no longer be a public trading market for Elantec common stock.

The merger will become effective when a certificate of merger is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
or at such other time as will be specified in the certificate of merger. Intersil expects the merger to occur as soon as is practicable following the meetings of the Intersil and Elantec shareholders. 

What You Will Receive in the Merger 

In the merger, each share of your Elantec common stock will be
exchanged for 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and $8.00 cash, without interest. 

Each option to purchase Elantec
common stock outstanding immediately before the completion of the merger will automatically become an option to purchase shares of Intersil Class A common stock, for an adjusted number of shares and with an adjusted exercise price based on an
exchange ratio equal to 1.24 plus the quotient of $8.00 divided by the closing price of Intersil Class A common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market on the trading day immediately preceding the day of the merger. After the merger, a
notice will be sent to each Elantec optionholder specifying this adjustment. 

In addition, participants in the Elantec 1995
Employee Stock Purchase Plan will have their outstanding purchase rights assumed by Intersil, with the number of shares of Intersil Class A common stock subject to those purchase rights and the purchase price adjusted in a manner similar to
converted stock options. 

No fractional Intersil shares will be issued in the merger, and cash equal to the value of any
fraction of a share will be paid in place thereof. All shares of Elantec common stock held in the treasury of Elantec will be canceled. 

Exchange of Elantec Stock Certificates for Intersil Class A Common Stock Certificates and Cash 

When the merger is completed, Intersils exchange agent will mail to each Elantec shareholder a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in surrendering Elantec stock certificates in exchange for Intersil Class A

common stock certificates and cash. When you deliver your Elantec stock certificates to the exchange agent along with a properly executed letter of transmittal and any other required documents,
your Elantec stock certificates will be canceled and you will receive Intersil Class A common stock certificates representing the number of full shares of Intersil Class A common stock to which you are entitled under the merger agreement and a check
for the amount of cash to which you are entitled under the merger agreement. You will also receive a check for the amount of cash equal to the value (based on the average closing price of Intersil Class A common stock on the last full trading day
prior to the effective time of the merger) of any fractional shares of Intersil Class A common stock which would have been otherwise issuable to you as a result of the merger. Intersil will only issue an Intersil Class A common stock certificate or
a check in a name other than that in which a surrendered Elantec stock certificate is registered if you present the exchange agent with all documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership and show that you paid any
applicable stock transfer taxes or that such transfer taxes were not applicable. 

Please do not submit your Elantec
stock certificates for exchange unless and until you receive the transmittal instructions and a form of letter of transmittal from the exchange agent. 

You will not be entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions on Elantec common stock after the merger is completed. If there is any dividend or other distribution on Intersil Class A common stock with a
record date after the merger and a payment date prior to the date you surrender your Elantec stock certificates in exchange for Intersil Class A common stock certificates, you will receive, without interest, the dividend or distribution with respect
to the whole shares of Intersil Class A common stock issued to you upon surrender, after deduction of any required withholding tax. 

Background of the Merger 

Intersil and Elantec regularly evaluate strategies to improve their
competitive positions and maximize their respective shareholder values, including evaluating opportunities for acquisitions of other companies or their assets, possible partnerships or alliances, and other significant transactions. 

Consistent with this practice, senior executives of Intersil and Elantec have met with each other in industry and business settings from time
to time over the past several months. These executives have discussed a number of topics relating to the semiconductor business. 

In April 2001, as part of its ongoing implementation of its long-term strategic plans, Intersil met with Credit Suisse First Boston, its financial advisor, to discuss expansion opportunities, including a possible acquisition of Elantec.
After the meeting, Intersil instructed Credit Suisse First Boston to contact Elantec to discuss a possible acquisition of Elantec. During the third week of April 2001, Credit Suisse First Boston contacted Richard M. Beyer, president and chief
executive officer of Elantec, to discuss the possibility of an acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. 

On April 23, 2001, Mr. Beyer
called Gregory L. Williams, president and chief executive officer of Intersil, to follow up on the conversation between Mr. Beyer and Credit Suisse First Boston. Messrs. Beyer and Williams agreed to meet to discuss the two companies and a potential
business combination. 

Following this discussion, Mr. Beyer requested Mohan Maheswaran, Elantecs vice president of
corporate strategy and business development, to perform a strategic assessment of the combined Intersil/Elantec entity as well as a similar analysis of Elantec combined with each of seven other potential strategic partners. This comparative analysis
concluded that the potential Intersil combination provided the best strategic fit for Elantec of the eight alternatives reviewed. 

On May 2, 2001, the Elantec board of directors held a regularly scheduled meeting and discussed, among other things, a framework for the review and evaluation of strategic opportunities and the results of the comparative strategic
combination analysis that Elantec had performed. 

On May 9, 2001, Mr. Williams met with Mr. Beyer. During the discussion, Messrs. Williams and Beyer discussed the possibility of an
acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. 

On May 23, 2001, at a meeting of the Intersil board of directors, Mr. Williams reported on
the preliminary discussions with Elantec, and Intersil management made a presentation to the Intersil board of directors concerning the business and financial effect of an acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. At that meeting, the Intersil board of
directors authorized Intersils management to proceed with exploring the possibility of a potential acquisition of Elantec. 

On May 24, 2001, Messrs. Beyer and Maheswaran, together with Brian McDonald, vice president and chief financial officer of Elantec, met with representatives of Robertson Stephens, Inc., Elantecs financial advisor, to review and
analyze the results of Elantec's comparative strategic business combination assessment. 

On June 14, 2001, Intersil and Elantec
entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement for purposes of further exploring a potential transaction. 

On June 20, 2001, Mr.
Williams, Daniel J. Heneghan, Intersils chief financial officer, and Duncan T. Weaver, vice president of business development for Intersil, met with Messrs. Beyer and McDonald in Irvine, California to discuss the strategic rationale for a
possible business combination of Intersil and Elantec. 

During the next several weeks, Messrs. Williams and Beyer and other
representatives of Intersil and Elantec continued to discuss by telephone the possible acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. During these discussions, the representatives of Intersil communicated to Elantec that, although Intersil remained interested
in a transaction with Elantec, Intersil was also pursuing other strategic alternatives that might delay progress on a transaction with Elantec. No additional meetings were scheduled or held. 

The Elantec board of directors held a meeting on July 23, 2001. During this meeting, Mr. Beyer discussed with the Elantec board the various strategic options then under consideration by
Elantec. 

Through mid-August 2001, Messrs. Williams and Beyer spoke on a number of occasions by telephone and indicated that
each remained interested in exploring a possible acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. During the latter half of August 2001, representatives from Credit Suisse First Boston advised the management of Intersil that favorable market conditions presented
an opportunity for Intersil to pursue a secondary offering of common stock. Shortly thereafter, Mr. Williams instructed Credit Suisse First Boston to terminate discussions with Elantecs management regarding any transaction between Intersil and
Elantec. Intersil completed a secondary public offering of common stock in October 2001. 

In mid-September 2001, Mr. Maheswaran
was contacted by a senior executive of another company, Company A, about their possible interest in a business combination with Elantec. 

On September 26 and October 4, 2001, Mr. Maheswaran engaged in discussions with this senior officer of Company A regarding a potential business combination between Company A and Elantec. On October 5, 2001, Mr. Beyer contacted the chief
executive officer of Company A to discuss this subject further. These discussions continued over the following weeks. 

On
October 31, 2001, the Elantec board of directors met and discussed, among other things, the discussions held to date with Intersil and Company A. The board requested that both sets of discussions be continued but that Elantec also contact Company B
and Company C, the two other companies that were highly ranked in Elantecs comparative strategic combination assessment, to gauge such companies interest in a transaction with Elantec. 

In early November 2001, James V. Diller, chairman of the Board of Elantec, contacted the chief executive officer of Company B to ascertain Company
Bs level of interest in a strategic transaction with Elantec and a meeting was scheduled for the CEOs. As a result, an informal discussion between Mr. Beyer and the Company B chief executive officer was held on November 8, 2001.

Also in early November 2001, Mr. Diller contacted the chief executive officer of Company C to ascertain Company Cs level of
interest in a strategic transaction with Elantec. The Company C chief executive officer advised Mr. Diller that Company C would analyze the potential transaction and respond. Subsequently, representatives of Company C contacted Mr. Diller and
stated that despite Company Cs interest in the strategic merits of a combination between the companies, Company C would not be willing to pay any premium over Elantecs market trading price. 

On November 5 and 7, 2001, Mr. Maheswaran met with officers of Company A to discuss corporate strategies and business plans of the two companies.
Following these meetings, without stating a reason for doing so, Company A elected not to continue discussions with Elantec. 

In
early November 2001, following the completion of the Intersil secondary offering, Mr. Beyer telephoned Mr. Williams to indicate that representatives from another company involved in the semiconductor business had contacted Elantecs senior
management with an interest in discussing a combination with Elantec and to determine if Intersil continued to have interest regarding a transaction involving Intersil and Elantec. 

On November 13, 2001, Messrs. Beyer and Maheswaran and Lee Stoian, Elantecs vice president of design engineering, met with Company Bs chief executive officer and senior
management to discuss aspects of a combination between the companies. At the conclusion of the meeting, representatives of Company B communicated that a potential merger transaction with Elantec would likely be dilutive to Company B if such
transaction represented a premium to Elantecs market trading price. 

On December 6, 2001, the Intersil board of directors
met. Among other matters discussed was the feasibility of renewing discussions with Elantec concerning a possible acquisition. After discussions, it was determined that market conditions were not favorable for resuming discussions. 

In mid-January 2002, Mr. Williams contacted Mr. Beyer by telephone to discuss the possibility of reopening discussions regarding a
transaction involving Intersil and Elantec. Messrs. Williams and Beyer also discussed the potential management roles in the combined company. 

On January 21, 2002, Messrs. Heneghan and Weaver conducted a teleconference with Messrs. McDonald and Maheswaran to discuss potential benefits of an acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. From time to time between
January 21 and January 25, Messrs. Heneghan, McDonald, Weaver and Maheswaran continued to communicate telephonically about the benefits of a potential transaction. 

On January 23, 2002, the Elantec board of directors met and, among other things, reviewed with Elantecs management the status of discussions with the various parties with whom a
strategic business combination had been discussed. 

On January 31, 2002, Mr. Williams and Mr. Beyer met for dinner in Newport
Beach, California to discuss an acquisition by Intersil of Elantec. Also in attendance were Mr. Heneghan, Stephen M. Moran (Intersils general counsel) and certain members of Intersils board of directors. 

On February 1, 2002, at a meeting of the Intersil board of directors, Intersil management reported on the discussions with Elantec and made a
presentation to the board of directors on the merits of a potential acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. At that meeting, the Intersil board of directors authorized Intersils management to discuss with Elantec the terms of a potential
acquisition and to present a term sheet to Elantec. Later the same day, Mr. Williams telephoned Mr. Beyer and expressed interest in continuing discussions regarding a potential acquisition. At the request of Mr. Williams, Mr. Weaver instructed
representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston to open a dialogue with Elantec. 

On February 4, 2002, a representative from
Credit Suisse First Boston contacted Mr. Beyer and arranged a meeting with him on February 8, 2002 in San Francisco. 

On February 8, 2002, a representative from Credit Suisse First Boston met with Mr. Beyer at
Intersils request in San Francisco to discuss a methodology for structuring a possible acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. 

A few days later, Messrs. Williams and Beyer had a telephone conversation regarding the potential acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. After a general discussion concerning the possible terms of such a transaction, Mr. Beyer suggested that
if Intersil wished to proceed with such an acquisition, it should present a proposal to Elantec in the form of a term sheet. 

Intersil and Credit Suisse First Boston, together with Dechert, Intersils outside legal counsel, prepared a term sheet for the acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. On February 15, 2002, Intersil, through Credit Suisse First Boston,
presented Elantec, through Robertson Stephens, with a copy of the term sheet. This term sheet contemplated a combination of cash and Intersil Class A common stock to be paid and issued for each outstanding share of Elantec common stock. Over the
next three days, Messrs. Beyer, McDonald and Maheswaran and representatives of Robertson Stephens and Fenwick & West LLP, Elantecs outside legal counsel, discussed the proposed transaction terms. 

On February 18, 2002, Messrs. Williams and Beyer discussed the February 15 term sheet by telephone. No agreement was reached on the financial terms
proposed by Intersil. However, Messrs. Williams and Beyer agreed to permit the two companies, together with their financial advisors, to continue discussions. 

During the week of February 18, 2002, representatives from Credit Suisse First Boston and Robertson Stephens discussed terms of the proposed acquisition, including the proposed exchange ratio for the common stock of
the two companies and the transaction structure. 

During this time, Messrs. Williams, Heneghan, Moran and Weaver spoke by
telephone with representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston and Dechert regarding the terms of the proposed transaction. 

On
February 25, 2002, the Elantec board of directors met with its financial and legal advisors to discuss the potential transaction with Intersil as well as other strategic alternatives. The board reviewed in detail the terms proposed by Intersil and
approved counter-proposals to be made to Intersil by Mr. Beyer and Robertson Stephens. The board also discussed the status of Elantecs contacts with certain other potential strategic partners, and noted that such other parties had declined to
pursue discussions with Elantec regarding a transaction that would result in a premium for Elantec shareholders. 

On the morning
of February 26, 2002, Elantec, through its financial advisor Robertson Stephens, provided Intersil, through its financial advisor Credit Suisse First Boston, with a revised term sheet. Later on February 26, 2002, the Elantec board of directors held
a meeting in Palo Alto to consider business and financial aspects of the proposed transaction with Intersil. At this meeting, Mr. Williams made a presentation to the Elantec board regarding Intersils business strategy, its products and
financial position, and the potential benefits of a combination of Intersil and Elantec. 

On February 27, 2002, Intersil,
through Credit Suisse First Boston, provided Elantec, through Robertson Stephens, a revised term sheet in response to the proposals that had been made by Elantec in the February 26 term sheet. 

On February 28, 2002, Messrs. Williams and Beyer met at the offices of Dechert, in Newport Beach, California to discuss the February 27 term sheet that Intersil had presented to
Elantec. During this meeting, Messrs. Williams and Beyer negotiated the broad terms of the proposed acquisition, including the acquisition consideration to be paid to Elantec shareholders in the transaction. At the conclusion of this meeting,
Messrs. Williams and Beyer reached tentative agreement on the financial terms of the proposed acquisition of Elantec by Intersil but deferred resolution of the other terms until negotiation of the definitive transaction documents. Further, Messrs.
Williams and Beyer scheduled a mutual due diligence meeting for March 4, 2002. Also on

February 28, 2002, Messrs. Moran and Weaver instructed representatives of Dechert to begin preparing drafts of the merger agreement and certain ancillary agreements. 

On March 1, 2002, Mr. Weaver spoke by telephone with representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston and reviewed Intersils due diligence plan.
Later that day, Messrs. Weaver and Maheswaran spoke by telephone and reviewed the agenda for the business due diligence meetings scheduled for March 4, 2002. Beginning on March 1, 2002, the parties exchanged legal and financial due diligence
request lists and commenced legal due diligence. 

On March 2, 2002, Messrs. Moran and Weaver and representatives of Credit
Suisse First Boston and Dechert discussed the terms of the draft merger agreement to be forwarded to Elantec. Also on that day, Elantec agreed with Intersil to enter into an exclusive negotiating period with respect to an acquisition transaction.

On March 3, 2002, Dechert, at the direction of Intersil, delivered a draft of the merger agreement to representatives of
Fenwick & West. 

On the morning of March 4, 2002, through March 7, 2002, management teams from Intersil and Elantec, along
with their respective financial, legal and accounting advisors, met at the offices of Dechert in Newport Beach, California to review and discuss Intersils business and Elantecs business. During this time, advisors to Intersil and Elantec
continued their due diligence review of Elantec and Intersil, respectively. In addition, representatives from Dechert and Fenwick & West negotiated the merger agreement and ancillary transaction documents. On March 6, 2002, representatives of
Intersil made due diligence calls to Elantecs customers. 

On March 7, 2002, representatives from Dechert and Fenwick &
West met in Newport Beach to continue negotiations of the merger agreement for the acquisition of Elantec and ancillary transaction documents. Representatives of Intersil continued to make due diligence calls to Elantecs customers. Also on
March 7, 2002, representatives of Elantec made due diligence calls to Intersils customers. 

On March 7, 2002, the Elantec
board of directors held a meeting to review the results of the business, legal and financial due diligence investigations of Intersil. Mr. Beyer gave a presentation on the strategic benefits of the proposed combination and a summary of the due
diligence of the business of Intersil. Accounting representatives of Elantec discussed the results of their financial, accounting and tax due diligence of Intersil, and representatives of Fenwick & West reported on the results of their legal due
diligence of Intersil. During this meeting, legal counsel also provided the board with a detailed review of the proposed transaction terms in the definitive agreements. Following discussion, the Elantec board authorized the companys management
to proceed with final transaction negotiations and due diligence, and designated Mr. Diller as the Elantec director in addition to Mr. Beyer who would serve on the Intersil board following the merger. 

Also on March 7, 2002, Intersil presented Mr. Beyer with proposed terms for his compensation package as chief executive officer of the combined company.
These terms were negotiated between Intersil and Mr. Beyer over the next two days. 

On March 8, 2002, at a telephonic board
meeting, Intersil management updated the Intersil board of directors on Intersils due diligence investigation of Elantec and on the status of negotiations on the merger agreement. Also at this meeting, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed its
financial analysis of the consideration to be paid by Intersil in the proposed acquisition, and Dechert reviewed the terms of the proposed acquisition of Elantec. 

On March 9, 2002, representatives of Dechert and Fenwick & West worked to complete the merger agreement, the ancillary documents and their respective due diligence reviews.
Representatives of Intersil and Elantec prepared marketing and communications materials, including a draft press release. 

On
March 10, 2002, the board of directors of Intersil held a meeting by telephone conference call. At this meeting, Intersils management reviewed the terms of the proposed acquisition and its assessment of Elantecs business. Dechert
reviewed the terms of the merger agreement and various ancillary agreements and its due

diligence regarding legal matters. Also at this meeting, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the Intersil board of directors an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion dated March 10, 2002, to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based on and subject to the matters described in the opinion, the consideration to be paid pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point
of view, to Intersil. See The MergerOpinion of Intersils Financial Advisor. The board of directors of Intersil then unanimously approved the proposed acquisition, authorized the execution of the merger agreement and the
related documentation, and unanimously resolved to recommend that the Intersil shareholders approve the issuance of the shares of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger and, subject to the completion of the merger, the amendment of
Intersils certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum size of the board from seven to eight. 

Also on March 10,
2002, the Elantec board of directors held a meeting to consider the approval of the proposed merger. During this meeting, representatives of Fenwick & West gave a detailed report on certain of Intersils pending litigation matters. Then
representatives of Robertson Stephens provided the board with a detailed financial analysis of the proposed transaction, and delivered to the board the opinion of Robertson Stephens that, as of the date of the opinion, and based on and subject
to the matters described in the opinion, the merger consideration to be received by Elantec shareholders in the transaction was fair to such shareholders from a financial point of view. See The MergerOpinion of Elantecs Financial
Advisor. Mr. Beyer then excused himself from a portion of the meeting while the remaining members of the Elantec board discussed the proposed terms of Mr. Beyers compensation as president and chief executive officer of Intersil
following the merger, as proposed by Intersil. Following additional discussion, the three Elantec directors who will not serve as directors of Elantec or Intersil following the merger unanimously recommended to the full board that the proposed
merger with Intersil should be approved. Following this recommendation, the board of directors of Elantec unanimously determined that the merger transaction with Intersil was in the best interests of Elantecs shareholders and approved the
merger and related matters. 

Throughout the day, representatives from Intersil and Elantec worked to finalize communications
materials and a joint press release. 

At approximately 1:00 p.m. P.S.T. on March 10, 2002, the parties executed and delivered
the merger agreement and the executed ancillary transaction documents. 

At approximately 7:30 p.m. P.S.T. on March 10, 2002,
Intersil and Elantec issued a joint press release announcing the proposed acquisition of Elantec by Intersil. 

Intersils Reasons for the Merger 

The Intersil board believes that the following are reasons
the merger will be beneficial to Intersil and its shareholders and unanimously recommends that the Intersil shareholders vote FOR the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common stock in connection with the merger. 



Given the complementary nature of the analog product lines of Intersil and Elantec, the merger will enhance the opportunity to realize Intersils strategic objective of
building a portfolio of proprietary analog and wireless solutions targeted at high growth markets. 



A combination with Elantec is consistent with Intersils strategy of targeting the high margin, high performance analog semiconductor market, while continuing to
strengthen Intersils leadership in the high growth wireless networking business. 



Combining Intersil and Elantec would provide an opportunity for increased sales to and support of current Intersil and Elantec customers by offering an integrated and broader
product line. 



The combination creates significant opportunities for cost reduction through the integration of Intersils and Elantecs businesses, improved manufacturing
efficiencies, and the elimination of redundant overhead expenses and duplicate sales, marketing and administrative functions. 



The highly complementary geographic channel and sales strengths of Intersil and Elantec create an efficient and competitive global sales network. 



The combination of Intersils and Elantecs analog semiconductor engineering resources and complementary technologies should enable the combined company to focus on
new innovative technologies including potentially expanding the combined companys product line into new vertical applications, as well as best of breed next generation product. 



The Intersil shareholders would have the opportunity to participate in the potential for growth of the combined company after the merger. 

Recommendation of the Intersil Board; Additional Considerations of the Intersil Board 

After
careful consideration, the Intersil board of directors has determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the transactions associated with it are advisable and in the best interests of the company and unanimously recommends that the
shareholders of Intersil vote FOR the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common stock pursuant to the merger agreement. During the course of its deliberations, the Intersil board of directors considered, with the assistance of management and its
legal and financial advisors and independent accountants, a number of material factors including the following: 



the reasons described under Intersils Reasons for the Merger; 



the familiarity of Intersils board of directors and management with the business, properties and prospects of Intersil, including the opportunities available to Intersil
other than the proposed merger; 



current financial market conditions and historical market prices, volatility and trading information with respect to Intersil Class A common stock and Elantec common stock;



the opinion, dated March 10, 2002, of Credit Suisse First Boston, Intersils financial advisor, to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based on and subject
to the matters described in the opinion, the consideration to be paid pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Intersil, which opinion is described below under the caption The MergerOpinion of
Intersils Financial Advisor; 



the potential impact of the merger on Intersils suppliers, customers and employees; 



the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including: 



the benefits to be received by Intersil shareholders relative to the dilution to Intersils shareholders in the merger and a comparison of comparable merger transactions,



the parties representations, warranties and covenants, and the conditions to their respective obligations; and 



the termination fee payable to Intersil or Elantec under specified circumstances; 



the financial condition, results of operations, businesses and prospects of Intersil and Elantec before and after giving effect to the merger, including the results of
Intersils due diligence review of Elantecs financial condition, results of operations, businesses and prospects; 



historical information concerning Intersils and Elantecs respective businesses, prospects, financial performance and condition, operations, technology, management
and competitive position, including public reports concerning results of operations during the most recent fiscal year and fiscal quarter for each company as filed with the SEC; 



the technical expertise and experience of Elantecs employees; and 



the depth of experience of the combined management. 

The Intersil board of directors also identified and considered a number of potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning
the merger, including but not limited to: 



the risk that the potential synergies and other benefits sought in the merger might not be fully realized; 



the challenges of integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures and organizations of the companies; 



the risk that key management and other personnel might not remain employed by Intersil or the combined company; 



the risk of disruption of sales momentum as a result of uncertainties created by the announcement of the merger; 



the possibility that the merger might not be consummated, even if the merger and the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock are approved by Elantecs and
Intersils shareholders, respectively, including the possibility that Intersil would have to pay a termination fee; 



the effect of the public announcement of the merger and the possibility that the merger might not be consummated on (a) demand for Intersils products and services,
Intersils relationships with strategic partners, Intersils operating results and Intersils stock price and (b) Intersils ability to attract and retain key management and engineering, marketing, sales, technical and other
personnel; 



the substantial charges to be incurred in connection with the merger, including costs of integrating the businesses and transaction expenses arising from the merger; and



other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus under the heading Risk Factors. 

After due consideration, Intersils board of directors concluded that the potential benefits of the merger to Intersil and its shareholders
outweighed the risks associated with the merger. 

The foregoing discussion is not exhaustive of all factors considered by the
Intersil board of directors. Each member of Intersils board of directors may have considered different factors, and the Intersil board of directors evaluated these factors as a whole and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to
factors considered. In addition, the Intersil board of directors did not reach any specific conclusion with respect to each of the factors considered, or any aspect of any particular factor. Instead, the Intersil board of directors conducted an
overall analysis of the factors described above. The members of the board of directors were aware that, as described below under The MergerInterests of Certain Persons in the Merger, certain directors and officers of Intersil have
interests in the merger in addition to, or different from, their interests as shareholders in Intersil, and the board of directors considered this in deciding to recommend the transaction. 

Intersil cannot assure you that any of the expected results, synergies, opportunities or other benefits described in this section will be achieved as a result of the merger.

Opinion of Intersils Financial Advisor 

Credit Suisse First Boston has acted as Intersils
exclusive financial advisor in connection with the merger. Intersil selected Credit Suisse First Boston based on Credit Suisse First Bostons experience, expertise and reputation, and its familiarity with Intersil and its business. Credit
Suisse First Boston is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. 

In connection with Credit Suisse First Bostons engagement, Intersil requested that Credit Suisse First Boston evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to Intersil, of the merger consideration to be paid by Intersil in
the merger. On March 10, 2002, at a meeting of the Intersil board of directors held to evaluate the

merger, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the Intersil board of directors an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated March 10, 2002, to the effect
that, as of that date and based on and subject to the matters described in its opinion, the consideration to be paid by Intersil pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Intersil. 

THE FULL TEXT OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTONS WRITTEN OPINION, DATED MARCH 10, 2002, TO THE INTERSIL BOARD OF DIRECTORS, WHICH SETS FORTH, AMONG
OTHER THINGS, THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN, IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX B AND IS INCORPORATED INTO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS BY REFERENCE. HOLDERS OF INTERSIL CLASS A
COMMON STOCK ARE ENCOURAGED TO READ THIS OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY. CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTONS OPINION IS ADDRESSED TO THE INTERSIL BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND RELATES ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, OF THE MERGER
CONSIDERATION, DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE PROPOSED MERGER OR ANY RELATED TRANSACTION AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY SHAREHOLDER AS TO ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER. THE SUMMARY OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTONS
OPINION IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE OPINION. 

In
arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the merger agreement and certain publicly available business and financial information relating to Intersil and Elantec. Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed certain other information
relating to Intersil and Elantec, including certain publicly available financial forecasts with respect to Intersil and Elantec and certain financial forecasts with respect to Intersil and Elantec prepared by and provided to or discussed with Credit
Suisse First Boston by Intersil and Elantec, and met with the managements of Intersil and Elantec to discuss the businesses and prospects of Intersil and Elantec. Credit Suisse First Boston also considered certain financial and stock market data of
Intersil and Elantec, and compared those data with similar data for publicly held companies in businesses similar to those of Intersil and Elantec, and Credit Suisse First Boston considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of
certain other business combinations and other transactions which have been effected or announced. Credit Suisse First Boston also considered such other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market
criteria that it deemed relevant. 

In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did not assume any responsibility
for independent verification of any of the foregoing information and relied on that information being complete and accurate in all material respects. With respect to the publicly available financial forecasts, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed and
discussed such forecasts with the management of Elantec and Intersil and was advised, and assumed, that such forecasts represented reasonable estimates as to the future financial performance of Elantec and Intersil. Credit Suisse First Boston was
advised, and assumed, that the respective financial forecasts for Elantec and Intersil prepared by Elantec and Intersil were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best estimates and judgments available at that time of the respective
managements of Elantec and Intersil as to the respective future financial performances of Elantec and Intersil. In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston relied, without independent verification, upon the assessments of the managements of Intersil and
Elantec as to (i) the existing and future technology and products of Intersil and Elantec and the risks associated with such technology and products, (ii) the potential cost savings and synergies (including the amount, timing and achievability
thereof) and strategic benefits anticipated by the managements of Intersil and Elantec to result from the merger, (iii) Intersils and Elantecs ability to integrate the businesses of Intersil and Elantec and (iv) Intersils and
Elantecs ability to retain key employees of Intersil and Elantec. Credit Suisse First Boston also assumed, with Intersils consent, that the merger will be consummated upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger
agreement without amendment, modification or waiver of any material terms thereof and that in the course of obtaining any necessary regulatory and third party approvals and consents for the merger, no modification, condition, restriction, limitation
or delay will be imposed that will have a material adverse effect on Intersil or Elantec or the contemplated benefits of the merger to Intersil. Credit Suisse First Boston has assumed, with

Intersils consent, that the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes. Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to make, and did not make, an
independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Intersil or Elantec, nor was Credit Suisse First Boston furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals. 

Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion was necessarily based upon information available to it, and financial, economic, market and other conditions
as they existed and could be evaluated on the date of the opinion. Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion as to the value of Intersil Class A common stock when issued pursuant to the merger or the prices at which Intersil Class A
common stock would trade at any time. Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion did not address the relative merits of the merger as compared to other business strategies that might be available to Intersil, nor did it address the underlying
business decision of Intersil to proceed with the merger. 

In preparing its opinion to the Intersil board of directors, Credit
Suisse First Boston performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses, including those described below. The summary of Credit Suisse First Bostons analyses described below is not a complete description of the analyses underlying its
opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances and,
therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor
that it considered. Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Boston believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering
all analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and opinion. 

In its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston considered industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of Intersil and Elantec. No company, transaction or business used in Credit Suisse First Bostons analyses as a comparison is identical to Intersil, Elantec or the proposed merger, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses is
not entirely mathematical. Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies,
business segments or transactions analyzed. The estimates contained in Credit Suisse First Bostons analyses and the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of
future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by the analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at
which businesses or securities actually may be sold. Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Bostons analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. 

Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion and financial analyses were only one of many factors considered by the Intersil board of directors in its evaluation of the proposed merger and
should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Intersil board of directors or management with respect to the merger or the merger consideration. 

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying Credit Suisse First Bostons opinion dated March 10, 2002 delivered to the Intersil board of directors in connection with the
merger.

THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES SUMMARIZED BELOW INCLUDE INFORMATION PRESENTED IN TABULAR FORMAT. IN ORDER TO FULLY
UNDERSTAND CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTONS FINANCIAL ANALYSES, THE TABLES MUST BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY. THE TABLES ALONE DO NOT CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE DESCRIPTION OF THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES. CONSIDERING THE DATA IN THE TABLES
BELOW WITHOUT CONSIDERING THE FULL NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES, INCLUDING THE METHODOLOGIES AND ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING THE ANALYSES, COULD CREATE A MISLEADING OR INCOMPLETE VIEW OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTONS FINANCIAL
ANALYSES. 

Comparable Company Analysis
.  Credit Suisse First Boston compared financial,
operating and stock market data of Intersil, Elantec, and Elantec (at the price implied by the terms of the merger as of March 7, 2002) to corresponding data of the following 12 publicly traded companies in the Analog majors and Analog segments of
the semiconductor industry: 

Majors

Analog

 Texas Instruments Inc.

 Maxim Integrated Products,
Inc.

 Silicon Laboratories, Inc.

 STMicroelectronics N.V.

 Linear Technology
Corporation

 Integrated Circuit Systems, Inc.

 Analog Devices, Inc.

 National Semiconductor
Corporation

 Exar Corporation

 Semtech Corporation

 O2Micro International Limited

 Micrel, Inc.

Credit Suisse First Boston compared stock prices as a multiple of estimated
calendar years 2002 and 2003 earnings per share and fully diluted aggregate values, calculated as fully diluted equity market value plus net debt, as a multiple of estimated calendar years 2002 and 2003 revenues. All multiples were based on closing
stock prices as of March 7, 2002. Estimated financial data for Intersil, Elantec, and the group of companies were based on publicly available financial forecasts. This analysis indicated the following mean and median implied multiples for the group
of companies, as compared to the implied multiples for Intersil, Elantec, and Elantec (at the price implied by the terms of the merger), two trading days before the public announcement of the merger. These multiples are indicated in the following
table: 

Price / Earnings

Aggregate Value / Revenue

Estimated 2002

Estimated 2003

Estimated 2002

Estimated 2003

Mean

Median

Mean

Median

Mean

Median

Mean

Median

Majors

102.6x

97.6x

44.4x

42.7x

7.0x

7.5x

5.8x

6.4x

Analog

99.0x

68.1x

59.3x

51.2x

12.3x

11.4x

10.7x

10.1x

Intersil

55.1x

37.0x

5.5x

4.3x

Elantec

62.0x

41.5x

7.5x

6.0x

Elantec at price implied by the proposed transaction

78.1x

52.3x

10.2x

8.0x

Precedent Transactions Analysis
.  Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the
premiums and implied transaction multiples paid in the following ten merger and acquisition transactions in the semiconductor industry: 

Acquiror

Target

Genesis Microchip Inc.

Sage, Inc.

TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc.

Sawtek Inc.

LSI Logic Corporation

C-Cube Microsystems Inc.

Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.

Dallas Semiconductor Corporation

Microchip Technology Inc.

Telcom Semiconductor, Inc.

Texas Instruments Inc.

Burr-Brown Corporation

Texas Instruments Inc.

Unitrode Corporation

Intel Corporation

Level One Communications, Inc.

Bain Capital Inc.

Integrated Circuit Systems, Inc.

Unitrode Corporation

Benchmarq Microelectronics, Inc.

In each transaction, Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the premium implied by
the per share consideration prior to announcement, relative to the targets trading price over various periods. In stock-for-stock transactions that included no cash consideration, Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the premium implied by
the exchange ratio for the targets and acquirors prior to announcement relative to the exchange ratio for the targets and acquirors over 30 trading day and 45 trading day periods. 

Credit Suisse First Boston then calculated an implied exchange ratio for the proposed Elantec/Intersil merger by applying the median premiums paid in the precedent transactions to the 30
trading day and 45 trading day exchange ratios of Elantec and Intersil prior to March 7, 2002, and applying the median premiums paid in the precedent transactions to the average trading price of Elantec for various periods prior to March 7, 2002.
Credit Suisse First Boston compared the implied exchange ratios based on the precedent transactions to the implied exchange ratio of 1.477x in the merger. The implied exchange ratio in the merger was calculated by dividing the implied Elantec per
share merger consideration (1.240 Intersil Class A common shares multiplied by $33.79 plus $8.00) by Intersils stock price ($33.79 as of March 7, 2002). The median premiums and implied Elantec/Intersil exchange ratios for the different periods
resulting from this analysis are set forth in the following table: 

Time Period

Median Premium

Implied Elantec/Intersil
Exchange Ratio

1 Trading Day Prior

41%

1.650x

30 Trading Days Prior

43%

1.587x

30 Trading Days Prior
Average Stock Price

37%

1.494x

30 Trading Days Prior
Average Exchange Ratio

34%

1.700x

45 Trading Days Prior Average
Stock Price

37%

1.550x

45 Trading Days Prior Average
Exchange Ratio

35%

1.701x

52 Week Prior High Closing Price

(32%)

0.877x

52 Week Prior Low Closing Price

164%

1.567x

Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed fully diluted aggregate values as a
multiple of last 12 months (LTM) revenue and estimated next 12 months (NTM) revenue in the ten selected transactions. In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed fully diluted equity values as a multiple of LTM net income and estimated NTM net
income in the ten selected transactions. All multiples for the selected transactions were based on information available at the time of the relevant transaction. Estimated financial data for the selected transactions were based on publicly available
financial forecasts. Credit Suisse First Boston then compared the range of multiples from the ten precedent transactions to the implied multiples from the proposed merger as of March 7, 2002. Financial

data for Elantec were based on publicly available financial forecasts. The resulting analysis is summarized in the following table: 

Aggregate Value as a
Multiple of:

Equity Value as a
Multiple of:

LTM
Revenue

NTM
Revenue

LTM Net
Income

NTM Net
Income

Low

1.6x

2.0x

14.3x

13.4x

High

22.2x

15.7x

132.6x

77.6x

Proposed Transaction

12.1x

10.2x

109.2x

78.1x

Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed the average exchange ratio premiums paid
in 294 stock-for-stock transactions in the technology universe since January 1, 1990. Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the average exchange ratio premiums paid in the precedent transactions over various periods prior to public announcement of
the transactions ranging from one trading day prior to one year prior. Credit Suisse First Boston then applied the resulting average premiums to the ratio of the closing price of Elantec common stock to the closing price of Intersil common stock
over the same periods. Credit Suisse First Boston then compared the implied exchange ratios over the various periods observed to the implied exchange ratio in the merger of 1.477x (calculated as described above). The range of exchange ratios implied
for the merger are set forth in the table below: 

1 Year

Average

Trading

Days

Prior

Average

Trading

Days

Prior

Average

Trading

Days

Prior

Average

Trading

Days

Prior

Average

One

Trading

Day

Prior

Average Exchange
Ratio Premium of 294
Precedent Transactions

21.3%

37.1%

41.7%

43.0%

40.0%

34.8%

Implied Elantec /
Intersil Ratio
Applying Premiums
from Precedent
Transactions

1.312x

1.584x

1.745x

1.820x

1.676x

1.580x

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis
.  Credit Suisse First Boston
performed separate discounted cash flow analyses on Intersil and Elantec to estimate the present value of the unlevered after-tax free cash flows that those businesses could produce on a stand-alone basis from calendar year 2002 through calendar
year 2006. Ranges of terminal values for the discounted cash flow analyses were estimated using multiples of 32.0x to 38.0x terminal year (estimated 2006) unlevered net income for each company. Credit Suisse First Boston then discounted to present
value the unlevered after-tax free cash flow streams and terminal values using discount rates ranging from 15.0% to 20.0%. The discount rates were derived from a weighted average cost of capital analysis of Intersil and Elantec. Adjusting for net
cash and investments for Intersil and Elantec, these analyses implied a fully diluted per share equity reference range of $27.48 to $36.72 for Intersil and $34.41 to $46.30 for Elantec. The high end of an implied exchange ratio range between
Intersil and Elantec was then calculated by dividing the highest implied Elantec price by the lowest implied Intersil price. The low end of the implied exchange ratio range between Intersil and Elantec was calculated by dividing the lowest implied
Elantec price by the highest implied Intersil price. This analysis resulted in the range of implied exchange ratios set forth below: 

Implied Per Share Equity Values and Implied Exchange Ratios

Low Elantec / High Intersil

High Elantec / Low Intersil

Elantec

$34.41

$46.30

Intersil

$36.72

$27.48

Implied Exchange Ratio

0.937x

1.685x

Pro Forma Earnings Impact Analysis
.  Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the
potential pro forma effect of the merger on Intersils estimated earnings per share on an annual basis for calendar years 2002 and 2003. The analysis was conducted assuming publicly available financial forecasts for Intersil and Elantec, and
management estimated pre-tax synergies. Based on the consideration in the merger of 1.240 Intersil shares and $8.00 in cash per Elantec share, excluding the impact of amortization expenses and assuming the transaction closed on January 1, 2002,
this analysis indicated that the merger would be dilutive by approximately 6.6% to Intersils estimated earnings per share for calendar year 2002 and would be accretive by approximately 0.4% to Intersils estimated earnings per share for
calendar year 2003. The actual results achieved by the combined company may vary from projected results and the variations may be material. 

Other Factors
.  In the course of preparing its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed and considered other information and data, including: 



reported earnings per share for the last 12 fiscal quarters for Elantec compared to publicly available research analysts estimates for the respective quarters at the time
of the earnings release and at the beginning of the respective quarter; and 



historical price performance and trading characteristics of Intersil common stock and Elantec common stock and the relationship between movements in Intersil common stock,
movements in Elantec common stock and movements in selected stock indices of related industries. 

Miscellaneous
.  Intersil has agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston a fee for its financial advisory services in connection with the merger, a significant portion of which is contingent upon the consummation of the
merger. Credit Suisse First Boston also received a fee upon delivery of its opinion. Intersil also has agreed to reimburse Credit Suisse First Boston for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including fees and expenses of legal counsel and any
other advisor retained by Credit Suisse First Boston, and to indemnify Credit Suisse First Boston and related parties against liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising out of its engagement. 

Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates have in the past provided and may currently be providing investment banking and financial
services to Intersil unrelated to the proposed merger, for which services Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates have received and expect to receive compensation. In the ordinary course of business, Credit Suisse First Boston and its
affiliates may actively trade the securities of Intersil or Elantec for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold long or short positions in those securities. 

Elantecs Reasons for the Merger; Additional Considerations of the Elantec Board 

The Elantec
board of directors has determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of, Elantec and its shareholders. In reaching its unanimous decision to approve the merger agreement and the
merger, the Elantec board of directors consulted Elantecs management, financial advisors and legal counsel, and identified and considered many factors which, when taken as a whole, supported its decision. The Elantec board of directors
considered the following material information and factors in reaching its determination to approve the merger agreement and the merger: 



The board considered that based upon: 



the $36.65 closing price of Intersil Class A common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on March 8, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the boards meeting on March
10, 2002 to approve the merger; 



the $41.20 closing price of Elantec common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on March 8, 2002; 



the exchange ratio of 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock for each share of Elantec common stock; and 



the $8.00 cash, without interest, to be paid for each share of Elantec common stock, 

$53.45 in value was being offered for each share of Elantec common stock in the merger,
representing a 29.7% premium to the closing price of Elantec common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on March 8, 2002, a 44.5% premium to the average closing price of Elantec common stock for the 30 consecutive trading day period prior to
March 10, 2002, a 41.4% premium to the average closing price of Elantec common stock for the 90 consecutive trading day period prior to March 10, 2002 and a 17.1% premium to the highest trading price for Elantec common stock during the 52-week
period prior to March 10, 2002 of $45.63. The board also considered current financial market conditions and the historic volatility and trading prices of Elantec common stock and Intersil Class A common stock, as well as the boards
expectations regarding the potential for future increases in the trading prices of the two stocks. 



that $8.00 of the merger consideration to be received by the Elantec shareholders will be paid in cash, without interest, ensuring the delivery of a certain amount of fixed
value to Elantec shareholders despite overall stock market or semiconductor industry volatility or adverse changes in Intersils business or common stock price. In agreeing to a transaction containing this fixed cash consideration, the board
also sought to ensure that Elantec shareholders would benefit from Elantecs own cash position. 



the analyses and presentation of Robertson Stephens on the financial aspects of the merger, including its opinion to the Elantec board of directors as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the merger consideration to the holders of Elantec common stock. 



the larger market capitalization of Intersil compared to Elantecs and the corresponding increase in trading liquidity for Elantec shareholders as a result of the merger.



the complementary nature of Intersils and Elantecs product portfolios, Intersils and Elantecs shared vision of providing system level value for their
target markets and the potential for the combined company to become a more powerful and strategic supplier of analog and wireless semiconductor products. 



the opportunity for existing Elantec shareholders to participate in the future growth of Intersil, whose resources combined with those of Elantec may enhance the combined
companys ability to respond more quickly and effectively to increased competition and demands in targeted markets. 



the terms of the merger agreement, including the limited conditions to closing the merger, Intersils limited rights to terminate the merger agreement, and Elantecs
rights under the merger agreement to consider superior acquisition proposals and to otherwise alter the boards recommendation to approve the merger should the board determine that its fiduciary duties to Elantec shareholders so require.



the likelihood that Intersil and Elantec would be able to complete the merger, including their ability to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals. 



the expected tax treatment of the merger for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including the possibility that the merger would not be treated as a reorganization
under the tax code, but that in any event, Elantec shareholders would receive in the merger cash and registered shares of a highly liquid security. 



the opportunities and risks of continuing to operate Elantec as an independent company and the difficulties of competing in the markets for video, optical storage,
communications and power management products against other semiconductor companies, many of whom have significantly larger product lines, sales and marketing capabilities and financial resources than Elantec, and the Elantec boards conclusion
that a combination with Intersil is a superior alternative. 



historical information concerning Intersils and Elantecs respective businesses, financial performance and financial conditions, operations, prospects, technology,
managements, competitive positions and stock performances. 

In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and the merger and to recommend
approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger to Elantecs shareholders, Elantecs board of directors also considered a number of potentially negative factors concerning the merger. These factors included the
following: 



the risks of diverting management focus and resources from other strategic opportunities and from operational matters while working to implement the merger with Intersil.



the challenges of combining the businesses, assets and workforces of Elantec and Intersil and the risks of not achieving anticipated business, technological and financial
synergies of the combination, as well as other matters that might adversely affect the trading price of the Intersil Class A common stock received in the merger. 



the possible effects of the public announcement of the merger on Elantecs sales and its relationships with its suppliers, customers and employees as a result of the
merger. 



the risk to Elantecs business, sales, operations and financial results in the event that the merger is not consummated. 



the number of Elantec shares covered by the voting agreement with Intersil as well as the termination fee payable to Intersil in certain events involving another transaction,
and the potential effect of such factors in deterring other potential acquirors from proposing an alternative transaction that may be more advantageous to Elantec shareholders than the merger. 

In addition, Elantecs board of directors considered the interests that its officers and directors may have with respect to the merger in addition
to their interests as Elantec shareholders. See The MergerInterests of Certain Persons in the Merger. 

After
due consideration, the Elantec board of directors concluded that the risks associated with the proposed merger were outweighed by the potential benefits of the merger. 

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by Elantecs board of directors are not intended to be exhaustive but are believed to include all of the material
factors considered by Elantecs board. In view of the variety of factors and the amount of information considered, Elantecs board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative
weights to the specific factors it considered in approving the merger agreement and the merger. In addition, individual members of Elantecs board of directors may have given different weights to different factors. The Elantec board considered
all of these factors as a whole, and overall considered them to be favorable to and to support its determination. 

Recommendation of Elantecs Board of Directors 

Elantecs board of directors has
unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger. Elantecs board of directors believes that the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are advisable, 

fair to, and in
the best interests of, Elantec and its shareholders, and recommends that its shareholders vote FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the merger. 

If the merger is not completed, Elantec intends to continue as an independent public company and will continue to evaluate other strategic transactions or alternatives to realize value
for its shareholders. 

Opinion of Elantecs Financial Advisor 

Under a letter agreement dated March 5, 2002, Elantec
engaged Robertson Stephens to provide financial advisory and investment banking services in connection with the proposed merger and to render an opinion as to the fairness of the merger consideration, from a financial point of view, to the holders
of Elantec common stock. 

On March 10, 2002, at a meeting of the Elantec board of directors held to evaluate the proposed
merger, Robertson Stephens delivered to Elantecs board of directors its oral opinion (also confirmed in writing on March 10, 2002) that, as of March 10, 2002 and based on the matters considered and the limitations on the review undertaken
described in the opinion, the 1.24x exchange ratio (the exchange ratio) plus $8.00 cash, without interest (together with the Intersil Class A common stock payable pursuant to the exchange ratio, the merger consideration),
which implied a total exchange ratio of 1.458x (the merger exchange ratio), was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of Elantec common stock. The merger consideration was determined through negotiations between the
respective managements of Elantec and Intersil. Although Robertson Stephens assisted the management of Elantec in those negotiations, Robertson Stephens was not asked by, and did not recommend to, Elantec that any specific exchange ratio constituted
the appropriate exchange ratio for the merger. The implied exchange ratio in the merger was calculated by dividing the implied Elantec per share merger consideration (1.240 Intersil Class A common shares multiplied by $36.65 plus $8.00) by
Intersils stock price ($36.65 as of March 8, 2002). 

You should consider the following when reading the discussion of the
opinion of Robertson Stephens in this document: 



We urge you to read carefully the entire opinion of Robertson Stephens, which is set forth in Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by
reference. 



The following description of the Robertson Stephens opinion is qualified by reference to the full opinion located in Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The full
opinion sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made by Robertson Stephens, the matters it considered and the limitations on the review undertaken. 



The Robertson Stephens opinion was prepared for the benefit and use of the Elantec board of directors in its consideration of the merger and does not constitute a
recommendation to shareholders of Elantec as to how they should vote at the special meeting, or take any other action, in connection with the merger. 



The Robertson Stephens opinion does not address the relative merits of the merger and any other transactions or business strategies considered by the Elantec board of directors
as alternatives to the merger agreement or the underlying business decision of the Elantec board of directors to proceed with or effect the merger. 

Although developments following the date of the Robertson Stephens opinion may affect the opinion, Robertson Stephens assumed no obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion. The
Robertson Stephens opinion was necessarily based upon market, economic and other conditions that were in effect on, and information made available to Robertson Stephens as of, the date of the opinion. You should understand that subsequent
developments may affect the conclusion expressed in the Robertson Stephens opinion and that Robertson Stephens disclaimed any undertaking or obligation to advise any person of any change in any fact or matter affecting its opinion. The Robertson
Stephens opinion was limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of March 10, 2002, of the merger consideration to the holders of Elantec common stock. 

Opinion and Analysis of Robertson Stephens

In connection with the preparation of its
opinion, Robertson Stephens: 



reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other business and financial information of Elantec and Intersil; 



reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and operating data, including certain financial forecasts and other forward looking information, concerning
(a) Elantec prepared by the management of Elantec and (b) Intersil prepared by the management of Intersil; 



reviewed with Elantec and Intersil certain publicly available estimates of research analysts relating to Elantec and Intersil; 



held discussions with the respective managements of Elantec and Intersil concerning the businesses, past and current operations, financial conditions and future prospects of
both Elantec and Intersil, independently and combined, including discussions with the managements of Elantec and Intersil concerning cost savings and other synergies that are expected to result from the merger as well as their views regarding the
strategic rationale for the merger; 



reviewed the financial terms and conditions set forth in the draft merger agreement dated March 8, 2002; 



reviewed the stock price and trading history of Elantec common stock and Intersil common stock; 



compared the financial performance of Elantec and Intersil and the prices and trading activity of Elantec common stock and Intersil Class A common stock with that of certain
other publicly traded companies comparable with Elantec and Intersil, respectively; 



compared the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of other transactions that it deemed relevant; 



reviewed the pro-forma impact of the merger on Intersils earnings per share; 



prepared an analysis of the relative contributions of Elantec and Intersil to the combined company; 



prepared a discounted cash flow analysis of Elantec; 



participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of Elantec and Intersil and their financial and legal advisors; and 



made such other studies and inquiries, and reviewed such other data, as it deemed relevant. 

In its review and analysis, and in arriving at its opinion, Robertson Stephens assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial and other information
provided to it (including information furnished to it orally or otherwise discussed with it by the managements of Elantec and Intersil) or publicly available and neither attempted independently to verify, nor assumed responsibility for verifying,
any of such information. Robertson Stephens relied upon the assurances of the managements of Elantec and Intersil that they were not aware of any facts that would make the information, in light of the circumstances under which it was provided,
inaccurate or misleading. Furthermore, Robertson Stephens did not obtain or make, or assume responsibility for obtaining or making, any independent evaluation or appraisal of the properties, assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Elantec
or Intersil, nor was it furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. 

With respect to the financial forecasts and
projections (and the assumptions and bases therefor) for Elantec and Intersil (including projections with respect to operations of the combined companies following the merger) that Robertson Stephens has reviewed, Robertson Stephens assumed that:



these forecasts and projections were reasonably prepared in good faith on the basis of reasonable assumptions; 



these forecasts and projections reflect the best currently available estimates and judgments of the managements of Elantec and Intersil, respectively, as to the future
financial condition and performance of the Elantec and Intersil, respectively; and 



these forecasts and projections would be realized in the amounts and in the time periods currently estimated. 

In addition, Robertson Stephens assumed that: 



the merger will be consummated upon the terms set forth in the merger agreement without material alteration thereof; and 



the historical financial statements of each of Elantec and Intersil reviewed by Robertson Stephens have been prepared and fairly presented in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles consistently applied. 

Robertson Stephens relied as to all legal matters
relevant to rendering its opinion on the advice of its legal counsel.

Robertson Stephens expressed no opinion as to:



the value of any employee agreement or other arrangement entered into in connection with the merger; 



any tax or other consequences that may result from the merger; or 



what the value of Intersil Class A common stock will be when issued to Elantecs shareholders in connection with the merger or the price at which shares of Intersil Class
A common stock may be traded in the future. 

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Robertson Stephens in connection with rendering its opinion. The summary of the financial analyses is not a complete description of all of the analyses performed by Robertson Stephens. Certain information in this section is presented in
tabular form. 

IN ORDER TO BETTER UNDERSTAND THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES PERFORMED BY ROBERTSON STEPHENS, THESE TABLES MUST BE READ
TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY. THE ROBERTSON STEPHENS OPINION IS BASED ON THE TOTALITY OF THE VARIOUS ANALYSES THAT IT PERFORMED, AND NO PARTICULAR PORTION OF THE ANALYSIS HAS ANY MERIT STANDING ALONE. 

Exchange Ratio Analysis 

Robertson Stephens
reviewed the ratios of the closing prices of Elantec common stock to the corresponding closing prices of Intersil common stock over various periods from March 8, 2001 through March 8, 2002. Robertson Stephens examined the premiums represented by the
merger exchange ratio over the averages of these implied exchange ratios over various periods: 

Period

Period Average Exchange Ratio

Merger Exchange Ratio Premium

Spot (March 8, 2002)

1.124x

29.7

%

10-day

1.191x

22.5

%

30-day

1.267x

15.1

%

60-day

1.232x

18.4

%

90-day

1.156x

26.1

%

Last 12 Months

1.082x

34.7

%

Comparable Company Analysis 

Using publicly available information, Robertson Stephens compared certain financial information of Elantec with publicly available information for selected companies comparable to the
business or businesses of Elantec. The following table lists the relevant comparable companies analyzed by Robertson Stephens: 



O2Micro International Ltd. 



Semtech Corporation 



Integrated Circuit Systems, Inc. 



Analog Devices, Inc. 



Intersil Corporation 



Xicor, Inc. 



Power Integrations, Inc. 



Micrel, Inc. 



Microsemi Corporation 



Pericom Semiconductor Corporation 

As set forth in the following table, applying a range of multiples for these companies for calendar year (CY) 2002 and 2003 to Elantecs corresponding publicly-available research estimates for calendar year 2002 and 2003
revenue and earnings resulted in the following range of implied equity values and implied exchange ratios. 

Methodology

Multiple Range

Implied Equity Value (MM) (a)

Implied

Exchange

Ratio (b)

Without Control Premium

CY 2002 Revenues

6.4x8.6x

$876$1,119

0.908x1.160x

CY 2003 Revenues

5.4x7.2x

$903$1,155

0.936x1.198x

CY 2002 Earnings

49.9x67.6x

$711$962

0.737x0.997x

CY 2003 Earnings

39.3x35.2x

$915$1,237

0.949x1.283x

With Control Premium of 34.3%

CY 2002 Revenues

6.4x8.6x

$1,176$1,503

1.220x1.559x

CY 2003 Revenues

5.4x7.2x

$1,213$1,552

1.258x1.609x

CY 2002 Earnings

49.9x67.6x

$955$1,292

0.990x1.340x

CY 2003 Earnings

39.3x53.2x

$1,229$1,662

1.274x1.724x

MEAN

$1,143$1,502

1.186x1.558x

(a)

Equity Value excludes a net debt of ($187.1) MM. 

(b)

Based on Intersils closing stock price of $36.65 as of March 8, 2002. 

Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis 

Using publicly available information, Robertson Stephens analyzed the aggregate value and equity value multiples paid or proposed to be paid in the following seventeen public to public
transactions in the semiconductor industry announced since 1999 with an announced deal value greater than $100 million. 



Sage, Inc. / Genesis Microchip, Inc. 



General Semiconductor, Inc. / Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. 



Sawtek, Inc. / Triquint Semiconductor, Inc. 



C-Cube Microsystems, Inc. / LSI Logic Corporation 



Blue Wave Systems, Inc. / Motorola Inc. 



Dallas Semiconductor Corporation / Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. 



TelCom Semiconductor, Inc. / Microchip Technology, Inc. 



Galileo Technology Ltd. / Marvell Technology Group Ltd. 



MMC Networks, Inc. / Applied Micro Circuits Corporation 



Nogatech, Inc. / Zoran Corporation 



Quantum Effect Devices, Inc. / PMC-Sierra, Inc. 



Burr-Brown Corporation / Texas Instruments, Inc. 



Maker Communications, Inc. / Conexant Systems, Inc. 



DSP Communications, Inc. / Intel Corporation 



Unitrode Corporation / Texas Instruments, Inc. 



Level One Communications, Inc. / Intel Corporation 



VLSI Technology, Inc. / Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. 

Robertson Stephens compared, among other things, the aggregate values in these transactions as a multiple of the last twelve months, or LTM, actual revenues and the next twelve months, or NTM,
publicly-available research estimates for revenues and earnings. Implied transaction values in the selected transactions were adjusted to reflect the percentage change in the acquiring companys stock price since public announcement of the
relevant transaction. Applying these multiples to similar revenue and earnings figures for Elantec resulted in the following range of implied equity values and implied exchange ratios. 

Methodology

Multiple Range

Implied Equity Value (MM) (a)

Implied

Exchange

Ratio (b)

Selected Adjusted Precedent Transactions

LTM Revenues

4.7x6.3x

$630$786

0.653x0.816x

NTM Revenues

3.7x5.1x

$591$733

0.613x0.761x

LTM Earnings

67.6x91.4x

$781$1,057

0.810x1.096x

NTM Earnings

34.1x46.1x

$485$656

0.503x0.681x

MEAN

$622$808

0.645x0.838x

(a)

Equity Value excludes a net debt of ($187.1) MM. 

(b)

Based on Intersils closing stock price of $36.65 as of March 8, 2002. 

Stock Price Premium Analysis 

Robertson Stephens reviewed the premium of the offer price over the trading prices one day and one month prior to the announcement date of the selected precedent transactions described
above. Robertson Stephens reviewed the stock price premiums for all of the selected precedent transactions since January 1999 and for those selected precedent transactions that occurred since January 2001. The following table presents the premium of
the offer prices over the trading prices one day prior and one month prior to the announcement date for the selected precedent transactions, and the premiums implied for Elantec. 

Methodology

Range of Premiums

Implied Equity Value (MM) (a)

Implied Exchange Ratio (b)

Premiums Paid Analysis

(Transactions from CY2001 to Present)

Premium to 1 Day Prior Stock Price

29.2%39.5%

$1,400$1,512

1.452x1.568x

Premium to 1 Month Prior Stock Price

26.8%36.2%

$1,374$1,476

1.425x1.531x

MEAN

$1,387$1,494

1.439x1.550x

Premiums Paid Analysis

(Transactions from CY1999 to Present)

Premium to 1 Day Prior Stock Price

37.7%50.9%

$1,492$1,636

1.547x1.697x

Premium to 1 Month Prior Stock Price

46.3%62.7%

$1,586$1,763

1.645x1.829x

MEAN

$1,539$1,700

1.596x1.763x

(a)

Equity Value excludes a net debt of ($187.1) MM. 

(b)

Based on Intersils closing stock price of $36.65 as of March 8, 2002. 

No company, transaction or business used in the comparable company analysis or the selected precedent transaction analysis as a comparison is identical to Elantec or the merger.
Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the foregoing is not entirely mathematical; rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the
acquisition, public trading and other values of the comparable companies or the business segment, company or transactions to which they are compared. 

Contribution Analysis 

Robertson Stephens analyzed the respective contributions of Elantec and Intersil to the
actual calendar year 2001 results and to the publicly-available research estimates for revenues and earnings of the combined company (without consideration of any synergies) for calendar years 2002 and 2003. The actual results achieved by the
combined company may vary from projected results and the variations may be material. 

The contribution analysis for calendar
years 2001, 2002 and 2003 resulted in the following implied exchange ratios and implied equity values. 

Suggested Pro-Forma

Ownership

Implied

Exchange

Ratio (a)

Calendar Year

Elantec

Intersil

2001 Revenues

17.6%

82.4%

0.896x

2001 Earnings

20.4%

79.6%

1.071x

2002E Revenues

17.5%

82.5%

0.889x

2002E Earnings

17.2%

82.8%

0.869x

2003E Revenues

17.6%

82.4%

0.896x

2003E Earnings

18.3%

81.7%

0.936x

(a)

Based on Intersils closing stock price of $36.65 as of March 8, 2002. 

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis 

Robertson Stephens performed a discounted cash flow analysis using publicly-available research analyst estimates as supplemented by assumptions as to long-term revenue growth rates and
operating margins, based on discussions with the management of Elantec, of Elantecs stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows for the period commencing June 1, 2002 and ending December 31, 2007. Robertson Stephens calculated the
discounted unlevered, after-tax free cash flow using discount rates ranging from 19.8% to 23.8%, based on a weighted average cost of capital analysis of Elantec, and terminal multiples of estimated revenue for Elantecs calendar year ending
December 31, 2007 ranging from 6.3x to 10.3x. 

This analysis implied a range of Elantec equity values of $830 million to $1,381
million, with the corresponding implied exchange ratios ranging from 0.860x to 1.433x. 

Pro Forma Earnings Analysis 

Robertson Stephens analyzed the potential pro forma effect of the merger on Intersils estimated cash earnings per share for calendar year 2002 and
calendar year 2003, based on publicly-available research analysts estimates and assuming potential cost savings and other synergies from the merger for calendar years 2002 and 2003 as estimated by the managements of Elantec and Intersil.
Robertson Stephens observed that, based on the merger exchange ratio provided for in the merger agreement, the merger will be approximately $0.02 dilutive to earnings per share for calendar year 2002 and neutral to earnings per share for calendar
year 2003. 

Other Factors 

While this summary describes the analyses and factors that Robertson Stephens deemed material in its presentation to the Elantec board of directors, it is not a comprehensive description of all analyses and factors considered by Robertson
Stephens. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process that involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of these methods to the particular circumstances.
Therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Robertson Stephens did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor. Accordingly, Robertson Stephens believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and of the factors
considered by it, without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying its opinion. Several analytical methodologies were employed and no one method of analysis should be
regarded as critical to the overall conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens. Each analytical technique has inherent strengths and weaknesses, and the nature of the available information may further affect the value of particular techniques. The
conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens is based on all analyses and factors taken as a whole and on application of Robertson Stephens own experience and judgment. This conclusion may involve significant elements of subjective judgment and
qualitative analysis. Robertson Stephens gives no opinion as to the value or merit standing alone of any one or more parts of the analyses it performed. In performing its analyses, Robertson Stephens made numerous assumptions with respect to
industry performance, general business and other conditions and matters, many of which are beyond the control of Elantec or Robertson Stephens. Any estimates contained in these analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive
of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by these analyses. Accordingly, analyses relating to the value of businesses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which these
businesses actually may be sold in the future, and these estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty. Furthermore, no opinion is being expressed as to the prices at which shares of Intersil common stock may be traded at any future time.

Elantecs engagement letter with Robertson Stephens provides that, for its services, Robertson Stephens is entitled to
receive a fee for delivering its opinion, whether or not the opinion is favorable, as well as an additional

fee for its financial advisory and investment banking services contingent upon consummation of the merger. Elantec has also agreed to reimburse Robertson Stephens for its out-of-pocket expenses
and to indemnify and hold harmless Robertson Stephens and its affiliates and any other person, director, employee or agent of Robertson Stephens or any of its affiliates, or any person controlling Robertson Stephens or its affiliates, for certain
losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities relating to or arising out of services provided by Robertson Stephens as financial advisor to Elantec. The terms of the fee arrangements with Robertson Stephens, which Elantec and Robertson Stephens
believe are customary in transactions of this nature, were negotiated at arms length between Elantec and Robertson Stephens, and the Elantec board of directors was aware of these fee arrangements. 

Robertson Stephens was retained based on Robertson Stephens experience as a financial advisor in connection with mergers and acquisitions and in
securities valuations generally, as well as Robertson Stephens investment banking relationship and familiarity with Elantec. Robertson Stephens has provided financial advisory and underwriting services to Elantec from time to time. Robertson
Stephens has also provided financial advisory and underwriting services to Intersil from time to time, and, with the consent of both Elantec and Intersil, is currently performing financial advisory services for Intersil. In addition, in the ordinary
course of business, Robertson Stephens may actively trade the securities of Elantec and Intersil for its own account and for the account of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in these securities.

Robertson Stephens is an internationally recognized investment banking firm. As part of its investment banking business,
Robertson Stephens is frequently engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of securities, private placements and other purposes.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger 

In considering the recommendation of the Elantec board of
directors regarding the merger agreement and the merger, Elantec shareholders should be aware that some of Elantecs directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, their interests as
Elantec shareholders. These interests may create potential conflicts of interest. The Elantec board of directors was aware of these interests and took these interests into account in approving the merger agreement and the merger. 

Voting Agreements.
    The following Elantec directors and executive officers have entered into voting agreements
and granted irrevocable proxies to Intersil pursuant to which they have agreed to vote shares of Elantec common stock for which they exercise voting control in favor of the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the
merger: 



Richard M. Beyer, a director and the president and chief executive officer of Elantec. 



Chuck K. Chan, a director of Elantec. 



Alden J. Chauvin, Jr., vice president of worldwide sales of Elantec. 



James V. Diller, chairman of the board of Elantec. 



Alan V. King, a director of Elantec. 



Rajeeva Lahri, senior vice president of technology and operations of Elantec. 



Mohan Maheswaran, vice president of marketing and business development of Elantec. 



Brian McDonald, vice president of finance and administration and chief financial officer of Elantec. 



Umesh Padval, a director of Elantec. 

Acceleration of Elantec stock options held by Elantec directors
.    The Elantec stock options held by each of Elantecs directors and executive officers will be assumed in the merger and become exercisable,
in accordance

with their terms, for shares of Intersil Class A common stock. Upon the merger, the vesting of stock options held by Chuck K. Chan, Alan V. King and Umesh Padval, all of whom are non-employee
directors of Elantec, will accelerate and become fully vested. With respect to James V. Diller, who is the chairman of Elantecs board and Elantecs former president and chief executive officer, those options granted to Mr. Diller while he
was a non-employee director of Elantec will accelerate and become fully vested upon the consummation of the merger. 

Executive Change in Control Severance Benefits Agreement with Mr. Beyer.
    Elantec has entered into an Executive Change in Control Severance Benefits Agreement, dated February 13, 2001, as amended on
November 9, 2001, with Mr. Beyer. The agreement provides that if Mr. Beyer is terminated involuntarily (other than death or disability) or voluntarily terminates his employment for good reason within 12 months following a change in control of
Elantec (which includes the proposed merger with Intersil), all of his options and restricted stock will become fully and immediately vested and exercisable. In addition, he will receive a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of his annual base
salary in effect prior to the change in control or the termination, whichever is greater, and his projected annual bonus for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs. If Mr. Beyer is still employed by the surviving company one year after a
change in control of Elantec, Mr. Beyer will receive a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of his annual base salary and his target bonus in effect prior to the change in control. Additionally, all of his options and restricted stock will become
fully and immediately vested and exercisable, regardless of whether Mr. Beyer subsequently terminates his employment with the surviving company. 

Employment Agreement between Elantec and Mr. Beyer.
    Elantec entered into an employment agreement, dated July 12, 2000, with Mr. Beyer, pursuant to which Mr. Beyer serves as president and
chief executive officer of Elantec. In addition to stating Mr. Beyers initial salary, bonus and stock compensation, the agreement provides for severance benefits following the termination of his employment, including in the event of a change
in control of Elantec. If Mr. Beyer is terminated involuntarily or without cause, he will receive a lump sum severance payment equal to 12 months of his current annual base salary, a lump sum payment equal to his full target bonus for the year of
his termination, and credit for 12 additional months of employment service for purposes of accelerating the vesting of his options and restricted stock granted under the agreement. In the event of his involuntary termination within 12 months
following a change in control of Elantec where Mr. Beyer is not placed in a comparable position, all of his options and restricted stock granted under the agreement will become fully and immediately vested and exercisable. 

Executive Change in Control Severance Benefits Agreement with certain executive officers of Elantec
.    Elantec has entered
into Executive Change in Control Severance Benefits Agreements with the following executive officers of Elantec: Alden Chauvin, Rajeeva Lahri, Mohan Maheswaran and Brian McDonald. These agreements provide for these executive officers to receive
severance payments, acceleration of vesting of certain stock options and other benefits payable upon a change in control of Elantec and a termination of their employment. 

Employment Arrangements between Intersil and Mr. Beyer.
    Mr. Beyer, the president, chief executive officer and a director of Elantec, will become the
president, chief executive officer and a director of Intersil upon the consummation of the merger. Mr. Beyer and Intersil have reached an agreement in principle as to the terms of his employment as president and chief executive officer, and are in
the process of finalizing an employment agreement containing these terms. Pursuant to these terms, Mr. Beyer is to serve as the president and chief executive officer of Intersil for a term commencing upon the consummation of the merger and lasting
through December 31, 2004, with automatic one-year renewals thereafter, unless either party gives 90 days prior written notice of termination. Mr. Beyer will receive an initial base salary equal to approximately $550,000 per year or such greater
amount as may be determined by the Intersil compensation committee plus a target annual bonus of up to 100% of his base salary, and standard benefits made available to senior management of Intersil. The treatment of Mr. Beyers outstanding
Elantec stock options and restricted stock, as well as any new grants of Intersil stock options that may be made in connection with his new employment arrangement, are still being discussed and must be agreed upon by both parties. In the event
Intersil terminates Mr. Beyers employment for any reason other than for cause, death or disability, or if Mr. Beyer terminates his employment because of an

adverse change in his compensation, title, duties or location of employment, or status as a director, Mr. Beyer will receive severance benefits that include the payment of a lump sum equal to
twelve months of his then current base salary and a prorated portion of his target bonus, payable within thirty days following termination and full vesting of options and restricted stock granted prior to the merger and any new grants of options by
Intersil (with only one year of vesting for new Intersil stock option grants in the case of death or disability).  Mr. Beyer will agree not to compete with Elantecs business acquired by Intersil in the merger during the term of his
employment and for one year thereafter. Mr. Beyer will also receive upon a change in control of Intersil a lump sum severance payment equal to 12 months of his current base salary plus a target bonus equal to 100% of his base salary and vesting of
options and restricted stock, along with a reimbursement by Intersil to Mr. Beyer of any excise taxes owed by Mr. Beyer upon termination as described above following such change of control. Intersil will agree to reimburse Mr. Beyer for any
excise taxes due upon the consummation of the merger, and an equitable readjustment of certain cash out and accelerated vesting provisions of his Executive Change in Control Severance Benefits Agreement with Elantec, which will be terminated along
with his employment agreement with Elantec upon the consummation of the merger. These arrangements between Intersil and Mr. Beyer, will become effective upon the consummation of the merger. 

In addition, other executive officers of Elantec may become employees of Intersil. 

Intersil Board Seats.
    Messrs. Beyer and Diller, both of whom are currently members of Elantecs board, will become members of Intersils board upon the consummation of the
merger. Mr. Beyer, who will also serve as Intersils president and chief executive officer, will not receive compensation for his services as a director of Intersil. Mr. Diller will receive the standard compensation received by Intersils
non-employee directors. 

Indemnification
.
    The merger agreement provides that, from and
after the consummation of the merger, Intersil will, or will cause the surviving corporation to, indemnify, defend and hold harmless, in certain circumstances, any past or present officer or director of Elantec. Intersil will fulfill and honor
Elantecs obligations under Delaware law and Elantecs certificate of incorporation, bylaws and indemnification agreements in effect as of the date of the merger agreement to the extent that any on those claims are based on, or arising out
of, the fact that the indemnified person was a director or officer of Elantec, or the merger agreement and the merger. 

The
merger agreement also provides that, for at least six years following the merger, Intersil shall maintain Elantecs existing directors and officers liability insurance policy or substitute another policy comparable to the existing
policy, provided that Intersil will not be required to pay any premium amount that exceeds $1,750,000. In the event the existing policy expires or is canceled during the six-year period, Intersil shall use its reasonable efforts to obtain a
substantially similar policy. Directors of Elantec who become directors of Intersil will be provided with the same directors and officers liability insurance given to any other Intersil director and will enter into indemnification
agreements on the same terms, if any, entered into with other directors of Intersil generally. 

As a result of interests
described above, these executive officers and directors could be more likely to vote for, and to recommend the vote for, the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and to approve the merger, than if they did not hold these interests.

In considering the recommendation of the Intersil board of directors with respect to the issuance of shares of Intersil
Class A common stock and the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation, Intersil shareholders should be aware that Gregory L. Williams, Intersils president and chief executive officer, has reached an agreement in principle with
Intersils board of directors regarding the terms of an employment agreement under which he will become Intersils executive chairman of the board of directors following the merger. In addition, Intersil expects to enter into change in
control severance benefits agreements with the following executive officers of Intersil prior to completion of the merger: Lawrence J. Ciaccia, Frank J. Effler, Jr., Julie B. Forbes, Rick E. Furtney and Stephen M. Moran. These agreements would
provide for these executive officers to receive a payment equal to 50% of their target performance bonus upon the anniversary of the merger if they are still employed by Intersil.

These agreements would also provide for these executive officers to receive severance payments and other benefits payable upon a termination of their employment within 12 months after the merger
or a change in control of Intersil after the merger. Intersil also expects to enter into an agreement with Daniel J. Heneghan providing him with a payment equal to 50% of his target performance bonus upon the anniversary of the merger if he is still
employed by Intersil. The Intersil board of directors knew about these interests and considered them in approving the merger agreement and the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger. 

Elantec Rights Agreement 

In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Elantec amended
its rights agreement with Mellon Investors Services LLC, as rights agent, to provide that neither Intersil nor its affiliates will become an acquiring person, as that term is defined in the rights agreement, solely as a result of the
public announcement, execution, delivery, or performance of the merger agreement, voting agreements, or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and the rights will terminate at the effective time of the merger. 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 

General
.    The following
discussion describes the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. holder of Elantec common stock with respect to the exchange of Elantec common stock for cash and Intersil Class A common stock pursuant to the merger. This
discussion only applies to you if you are a U.S. holder of Elantec common stock. 

For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. holder
means: 



a citizen or resident of the United States; 



a corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States or any of its political subdivisions; 



a trust, if a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial
decisions of the trust; or 



an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income regardless of its source. 

This discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the Code), Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and judicial decisions currently in effect, all
of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The discussion assumes that you hold your Elantec common stock and will hold your Intersil Class A common stock as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code.
Further, the discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to you in light of your personal investment circumstances or if you are subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws,
including rules applicable to: 



insurance companies; 



tax-exempt organizations; 



dealers in securities or foreign currency; 



banks, trusts or financial institutions; 



persons that hold their Elantec common stock as part of a straddle, a hedge against currency risk or a constructive sale or conversion transaction; 



persons that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar; 



investors in pass-through entities; 



persons who acquired their Elantec common stock through the exercise of options or otherwise as compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement plan; 



foreign persons; 



persons that are subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Code; or 



holders of options to purchase Elantec common stock granted under any Elantec benefit plan. 

If a partnership (including for this purpose any entity, domestic or foreign, treated as a partnership for U.S. tax purposes) is a beneficial owner of Elantec common stock, the U.S. tax
treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A holder of Elantec common stock that is a partnership and partners in such partnership should consult their
individual tax advisors about the U.S. federal income tax consequences of holding the common stock. 

In addition, the following
discussion does not address: 



the tax consequences of any transaction in which shares of Intersil are disposed of; 



the tax consequences of the merger under foreign, estate, state or local tax laws; or 



the tax consequences of the conversion of Elantec common stock options into Intersil Class A common stock options or the tax consequences of the receipt of rights to acquire
Intersil Class A common stock. 

ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE SPECIFIC
TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICABLE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX CONSEQUENCES. 

Material
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
.    Elantec and Intersil intend that this merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. Neither Elantec nor Intersil can provide
assurance, however, that the merger will qualify as a reorganization. Assuming the merger does so qualify, the following summarizes the material federal income tax consequences of the merger to U.S. holders of Elantec common stock under the law in
effect as of the date hereof. 



Gain Recognition
.    You will recognize gain in an amount equal to the lesser of: 



the difference between the amount of cash and the fair market value of the Intersil Class A common stock you receive in the exchange and your basis in your Elantec shares; and



the amount of cash you receive in the exchange. 

You will not be permitted to recognize a loss in the exchange. 



Character of Gain
.    The gain you recognize, if any, on receipt of cash and Intersil Class A common stock pursuant to the merger generally will be
characterized as capital gain, and should be long-term capital gain if you held (or are treated as having held) the Elantec shares for more than one year as of the time of the exchange. If your receipt of cash has the effect of a distribution of a
dividend as described below, however, you will be required to treat any gain recognized as ordinary income (rather than capital gain) up to your proportionate share of Elantecs accumulated earnings and profits. 



Fractional Shares
.    If you receive cash in lieu of a fractional share, you will generally recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the
difference between: 



the amount of cash you receive in lieu of a fractional share and 



the portion of the basis in your Elantec shares that is allocated to the fractional share. 

Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if you held (or are treated as having held) the Elantec shares for more than one year as of the
time of the exchange. 



Tax Basis
.    The total tax basis of the Intersil Class A common stock you receive in the merger will be equal to the total tax basis of your Elantec
shares exchanged for Intersil Class A common stock (other than that portion of such tax basis allocable to a fractional share of Intersil Class A common stock for

which you received cash), decreased by the amount of cash (other than cash in lieu of a fractional share) you receive in the exchange, and increased by the amount of gain, if any, you recognize
in the exchange. 



Holding Period
.    The holding period of the Intersil Class A common stock you receive in the merger will include the period for which you held the
Elantec common stock surrendered in exchange for Intersil common stock. 

Whether your receipt of cash has the
effect of a distribution of a dividend to you depends on your particular circumstances. In general, if the receipt of cash is deemed to result in a meaningful reduction in your actual and constructive ownership in Intersil (as opposed to the amount
of Intersil Class A common stock you would have owned if you had received solely Intersil common stock in the merger), then the receipt of such cash will not have the effect of a distribution of a dividend. For this purpose, if you are a small,
minority shareholder of Elantec, you should be considered to have had a meaningful reduction of interest (and therefore to have capital gain rather than dividend income) if you experience any reduction in interest as a result of the receipt of cash
and you exercise no control with respect to corporate affairs. Moreover, if the percentage interest in Intersil Class A common stock you actually or constructively hold following the merger is less than 80% of the percentage interest you would have
held if only Intersil Class A common stock had been issued in the merger, you should be considered to have had a meaningful reduction of interest. 

If you are a holder of Elantec common stock who exercises appraisal rights, and you therefore receive only cash in exchange for your shares, you will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between: (i) the
amount of cash you receive, and (ii) your basis in your shares of Elantec common stock. The gain or loss you recognize generally will be characterized as capital gain, and should be long-term capital gain if you held (or are treated as having held)
the Elantec shares for more than one year as of the time of the exchange. 

Tax Opinions.
    It is
the opinion of Dechert, counsel to Intersil, and of Fenwick & West LLP, counsel to Elantec, that the merger of Elantec with and into Echo Acquisition, Inc. will qualify as a reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. However, the opinions of counsel are based on certain facts, representations by Elantec and Intersil, and assumptions, some of which assumptions are outside of the control of Intersil and Elantec. If any of
these facts, representations, and assumptions are incorrect in certain material respects as of the time of the merger, the conclusions reached in the opinions could be jeopardized, and the opinions of counsel may be withdrawn and may not be
delivered at the time of the merger. For example, each of the opinions of counsel is based on the assumption that the fair market value of the Intersil Class A common stock issued to Elantec shareholders will not be less than a certain percentage,
specified in each of counsels opinions, of the aggregate merger consideration paid to Elantec shareholders in consideration for their Elantec shares. If the fair market value of the Intersil Class A common stock issued to Elantec shareholders
is less than the percentage of aggregate merger consideration specified in an opinion of counsel, that opinion will be withdrawn and will not be delivered at the time of the merger. 

Except for the assumption described in the immediately preceding paragraph, neither Elantec nor Intersil is currently aware of any facts or circumstances that could cause any facts,
representations, and assumptions set forth in the opinions to be untrue or incorrect in any material respect. 

An opinion of
counsel is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and the Internal Revenue Service could assert, or a court could adopt, a contrary provision. The opinions are based on currently existing provisions of the Code, existing and
proposed Treasury regulations thereunder and current administrative rulings and court decisions, all of these being subject to change. Any change, which may or may not be retroactive, could jeopardize the conclusions reached in the opinions.

A successful Internal Revenue Service challenge to the reorganization status of the merger would result in your recognizing
taxable gain or loss with respect to your Elantec common stock surrendered equal to the difference between: 



the amount of cash and the fair market value, as of the closing day of the merger, of the Intersil Class A common stock you receive in exchange for your shares of Elantec
common stock, and 



your basis in your shares of Elantec common stock. 

In this event, any gain will generally be capital gain, and such capital gain will be long-term capital gain if you held
(or are treated as having held) your Elantec common stock for more than one year as of the completion of the merger. The aggregate tax basis in the Intersil Class A common stock you receive will equal its fair market value as of the completion of
the merger. Your holding period in the Intersil Class A common stock you receive will commence on the day after the date of the completion of the merger. 

Backup Withholding With Respect to Cash Paid Instead of Fractional Shares of Intersil Common Stock.    
Certain non-corporate U.S. holders of Elantec common stock may be subject to backup
withholding, at the current rate of 30%, on cash payments received. Backup withholding will not apply to you, however, if you furnish a correct taxpayer identification number and make appropriate certifications as provided on the substitute Form W-9
or successor form included in the letter of transmittal to be delivered to you following the date of the merger, or are otherwise exempt from backup withholding. 

Reporting Requirements.
    As a U.S. holder of Elantec common stock who receives cash and Intersil Class A common stock as a result of the merger, you will be
required to retain records related to the merger and file with your federal income tax return a statement setting forth facts relating to the merger. 

Federal Securities Laws Consequences 

The shares of Intersil Class A common stock to be issued in the
merger will be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. These shares will be freely transferable under the Securities Act, except for Intersil Class A common stock issued to any person who is deemed to be an affiliate of Elantec or
the combined company. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with Elantec and include Elantecs officers and directors, as well as its principal
shareholders. Elantecs affiliates may not sell their Intersil Class A common stock acquired in the merger, except pursuant to: 



an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of those shares; 



an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or 



any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act. 

Accounting Treatment 

The acquisition will be accounted for using the purchase method of accounting,
which means that the assets and liabilities of Elantec, including intangible assets, will be recorded on Intersils balance sheet at their fair values upon completion of the merger. One of the intangible assets identified is in-process research
and development. The value of this intangible asset will be charged to Intersils statement of operations in the quarter during which the merger is completed and the acquisition accounting and valuation amounts are recorded. Additionally, the
intrinsic value of the unvested options assumed in the merger will be allocated to unearned stock-based compensation, which will be amortized over the remaining vesting period of these options. The remaining purchase price will be reflected as
goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States allow certain intangible assets with indefinite lives, including goodwill, to be maintained on the balance sheet rather than being
amortized; however, they must be written down to the extent that they are deemed to be impaired. The results of operations and cash flows of Elantec will be included in Intersils results from the date of the merger. 

All unaudited pro forma financial information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus has been prepared using the purchase method to account
for the merger. See Intersil Corporation Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Statements. The final allocation of the purchase price will be determined after the merger is consummated and after completion of a thorough
analysis to determine the fair market values of Elantecs tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities. In addition, estimates related to merger-related charges are subject to final decisions related to combining the companies.
Accordingly, the final purchase

accounting adjustments and merger-related charges may be materially different from the unaudited pro forma adjustments presented in this document. 

Any decrease in the net fair value of the assets and liabilities of Elantec as compared to the information shown in this document will have the effect
of increasing the amount of the purchase price allocable to goodwill. 

Regulatory Matters 

U.S. Antitrust Approvals.
    Under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and related rules, Intersil and Elantec may not complete the merger until they notify and furnish information to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice and satisfy the specified waiting period requirement. Intersil and Elantec filed the required notification and report forms with the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division as of March 15, 2002. On March 26, 2002,
the Federal Trade Commission notified Intersil that it had terminated the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act. 

German Federal Cartel Office Review
.    The merger is also subject to review by the German Federal Cartel Office under the Act against Restraints of Competition 
(Gesetz gegen
Wettbewerbsbeschrnkungen)
. Intersil made a filing relating to the merger with the German Federal Cartel Office on April 2, 2002, which Elantec joined. The merger may also be subject to review by the governmental authorities of various
other jurisdictions. 

There can be no assurance that the German Federal Cartel Office will terminate the applicable
statutory waiting periods or clear the merger at all or without restrictions or conditions that would have a material adverse effect on the combined company if the merger is completed. In addition, at any time before or after the effective time of
the merger, and notwithstanding that the waiting period has terminated or the merger may have been consummated, the Federal Trade Commission, the Antitrust Division, the German Federal Cartel Office or any state could take such action under the
applicable antitrust or competition laws as it deems necessary or desirable. This action could include seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or seeking the divestiture of substantial assets of Intersil or Elantec. Private parties may also
institute legal actions under the antitrust laws under some circumstances. Although Intersil believes that the merger is legal under applicable antitrust laws, a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds may be made, and if a challenge is made,
it may be successful. 

Under the terms of the merger agreement, neither Intersil nor Elantec is required to commit to
any divestitures, licenses or hold separate or similar arrangements with respect to its assets or conduct of business arrangements. No additional shareholder approval is expected to be required or sought for any decision by Intersil or Elantec,
after their respective shareholder meetings, to agree to any terms and conditions necessary to resolve any regulatory objections to the merger, and shareholder approval will not be sought unless additional shareholder approval is required to approve
the terms and conditions under applicable law. 

Appraisal Rights 

Elantec common shareholders may object to the merger and demand in writing that
Elantec pay the fair value of their shares under Section 262 of Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, as to shares of Elantec common stock that they own. 
This joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes the notice of appraisal rights
required by Delaware law. Failure to properly and timely comply with the procedures required by Delaware law will result in the loss of your appraisal rights. If you lose your appraisal rights, you will receive the merger consideration only. The
following discussion is a summary of the required procedures and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the relevant provisions of Section 262 of Delaware law, a copy of which is reprinted in its entirety as Annex E to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and incorporated herein by reference. 

All references in Section 262 and in this summary to a
shareholder or stockholder are to the record holder of the shares of Elantec common stock. A person having a beneficial interest in shares of Elantec common

stock that are held of record in the name of another person must act promptly to cause the shareholder to follow the steps summarized below properly and in a timely manner to perfect whatever
appraisal rights the beneficial owner may have. 

In accordance with Section 262, any Elantec common shareholder may, before the
vote is taken at the special meeting of Elantec shareholders, demand in writing from Elantec the appraisal of the fair value of the shareholders shares of Elantec common stock. The demand must reasonably inform Elantec of the identity of the
Elantec common shareholder and that the Elantec shareholder intends to demand the appraisal of the Elantec shareholders shares of Elantec common stock. 

In order to be entitled to appraisal rights with respect to any shares of Elantec common stock, a shareholder must: 



be the record holder of the shares of Elantec common stock on the date of the demand; 



continuously hold the shares of Elantec common stock through the closing of the merger; 



properly demand an appraisal as described in this section; and 



not have voted in favor of the proposal to approve the merger and adopt the merger agreement. 

An Elantec shareholder who elects to exercise appraisal rights must mail or deliver a written demand to: 

Elantec Semiconductor, Inc. 

675 Trade Zone Blvd. 

Milpitas, California 95035 

Attention: Secretary 

The written demand for appraisal should specify the shareholders name and mailing address, the number of shares of stock owned, and that the shareholder is
demanding appraisal of such shareholders shares. A failure to vote for the merger will not by itself constitute notice of an Elantec common shareholders election to exercise appraisal rights. 

Any Elantec common shareholder, other than a record owner who is acting as a nominee holder for more than one beneficial owner, seeking to exercise
appraisal rights for a portion, but not all, of the Elantec common shareholders shares of Elantec common stock should consult with legal counsel before taking action. Elantec believes that Delaware law has not clearly addressed the ability of
an Elantec common shareholder to exercise appraisal rights with respect to a portion, but not all, of an Elantec common shareholders shares of Elantec common stock. Should an Elantec common shareholder, other than a record owner who is acting
as a nominee holder for more than one beneficial owner, seek to exercise appraisal rights with respect to a portion, but not all, of the Elantec common shareholders shares of Elantec common stock, Elantec presently intends to assert that by
doing so the Elantec common shareholder has waived appraisal rights. Elantec common shareholders should be aware that a Delaware court may find that the Elantec common shareholder has so waived the Elantec common shareholders appraisal rights.

A demand for appraisal must be signed by, or on behalf of, the Elantec common shareholder of record as the Elantec common
shareholders name appears on the certificate or certificates representing his or her shares of Elantec common stock. If the shares of Elantec common stock are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian, or
custodian, the demand must be signed by the fiduciary and disclose the fact that it is being signed in that capacity. If the shares of Elantec common stock are owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in common, the
demand must be executed by all joint owners. An authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint owners, may execute the demand for appraisal for an Elantec common shareholder of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner
and expressly disclose the fact that, in exercising the demand, he or she is acting as agent for the record owner. A shareholder who holds

shares of Elantec common stock as a nominee for others may exercise appraisal rights with respect to the shares of Elantec common stock held for all or less than all beneficial owners for which
it holds shares of Elantec common stock. Where the number of shares of Elantec common stock is not expressly stated, the demand will be presumed to cover all shares outstanding in the name of such shareholder. Beneficial owners who are not record
owners and who intend to exercise appraisal rights should instruct the record owner to comply strictly with the statutory requirements with respect to the exercise of appraisal rights. 

From and after the closing of the merger, no Elantec common shareholder who has duly demanded appraisal in compliance with Section 262 will be entitled to vote the shares of Elantec
common stock subject to the demand for any purpose or to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the shares of Elantec common stock, except for dividends or distributions payable to Elantec common shareholders of record at a date
prior to the closing of the merger. 

At any time within 60 days after the closing of the merger, any Elantec common shareholder
shall have the right to withdraw his or her demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered in the merger agreement. After this period, an Elantec common shareholder may withdraw his or her demand for appraisal only with the written consent of
the surviving corporation of the merger. In the event of any such withdrawal, the right of the withdrawing shareholder to an appraisal of his or her shares of common stock will cease. If an appraisal petition has already been filed (as described in
the next paragraph), the permission of the Delaware Court of Chancery will also be required for such withdrawal. 

Within 120
days after the closing of the merger, either the surviving corporation of the merger or any Elantec common shareholder who has complied with the required conditions of Section 262 may file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a
determination of the fair value of the shares of the dissenting Elantec common shareholders. If a petition for an appraisal is timely filed, after a hearing on the petition, the Court of Chancery will determine which Elantec common shareholders are
entitled to appraisal rights and will appraise the shares formerly owned by these Elantec common shareholders, determining the fair value of their shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the
merger, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining the fair value, the Court of Chancery is to take into account all relevant factors. 

The surviving corporation will give notice of the effective date of the merger to each Elantec common shareholder who properly filed a timely written
demand for appraisal and who did not vote for the merger. 

The cost of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the Court
of Chancery and taxed against the parties as the Court of Chancery deems equitable under the circumstances. Upon application of a dissenting Elantec shareholder, the Court of Chancery may order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any
dissenting Elantec common shareholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata against the value of all shares entitled to
appraisal. 

If no petition for appraisal is filed with the Court of Chancery within 120 days after the closing of the merger,
Elantec common shareholders rights to appraisal shall be lost. Thereafter, Elantec common shareholders shall only be entitled to receive Intersil Class A common stock and cash pursuant to the merger agreement upon valid surrender of the
certificates that formerly represented their shares of Elantec common stock. Since neither Elantec, Echo Acquisition, Inc. nor Intersil has an obligation to file a petition, and none has any present intention to do so, any shareholder who desires a
petition to be filed is advised to file it on a timely basis. 

Intersils shareholders will not have appraisal rights under
Delaware law with respect to the merger because: 



Intersil is not a constituent corporation of the merger; 



Intersils common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market; and 



Intersil shareholders will continue to hold their shares after the merger. 

Delisting and Deregistration of Elantec Common Stock 

If the merger is completed, Elantec common
stock will be removed from quotation on the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Quotation on the Nasdaq National Market 

The merger agreement provides that Intersil will use all
reasonable efforts to cause the shares of Intersil common stock to be issued in the merger and the shares of Intersil Class A common stock to be reserved for issuance in connection with the merger to be approved for trading on the Nasdaq National
Market. 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT 

The Merger Agreement 

This section is a summary of the material terms and provisions of the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference. The following summary is not intended to be a complete description of all the terms of the merger agreement and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement. We encourage you to carefully read the complete merger agreement for the precise legal terms of the merger agreement and other information that may be important to you.

The Merger 

The merger agreement provides that upon the closing, Elantec will be merged with and into
Echo Acquisition, Inc., with Echo Acquisition, Inc. continuing as the surviving corporation under the name Elantec Semiconductor, Inc. As a result of the merger, Elantec will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intersil. The merger will
become effective on the date of filing a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or such later time as agreed to by the parties and specified in the certificate of merger. This is referred to as the effective time
of the merger. 

At any time prior to the effective time, Intersil may elect that Echo Acquisition, Inc. merge with and into
Elantec, with Elantec continuing as the surviving corporation. Intersil may not make this election if it would cause a material delay or adverse effect to the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. None of the
parties representations, warranties or covenants in the merger agreement will be affected by Intersils election to make Elantec the surviving corporation. 

Conversion of Ela

ntec Shares in the Merger 

At the effective time of the merger: 



each share of Elantec common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than shares of Elantec common stock held in the treasury of Elantec and
shares of Elantec common stock held by holders who have properly exercised appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended), together with the attached Elantec preferred stock purchase rights,
shall cease to be outstanding and will be converted into the right to receive 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and $8.00 cash, without interest; and 



shares of Elantec common stock held in the treasury of Elantec will be cancelled and retired and no Intersil common stock or other consideration will be delivered in exchange
for this cancellation. 

For more information on Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and appraisal rights, see the
above section contained herein entitled The MergerAppraisal Rights. 

At the effective time of the merger, each
share of capital stock of Echo Acquisition, Inc. shall remain outstanding and shall represent the capital stock of the surviving corporation. However, if Intersil elects for Echo Acquisition, Inc. to merge with and into Elantec, with Elantec being
the surviving corporation, then each share of capital stock of Echo Acquisition, Inc. shall be converted into one issued and outstanding share of capital stock of the surviving corporation. 

Conversion of Elantec Op

tions and Purchase Rights in the Merger 

At the effective time of the merger, each unexpired and
unexercised option to purchase Elantec common stock, whether or not currently exercisable, will be converted into an option to purchase Intersil Class A common stock on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under the option to purchase
Elantec common stock before the merger, except the number of shares subject to the option will be multiplied by the option exchange

ratio described below (with the number of shares rounded down to the nearest whole share) and the exercise price per share immediately prior to the effective time shall be divided by the option
exchange ratio (with the exercise price rounded up to the nearest whole cent). The option exchange ratio is equal to the sum of (i) 1.24 and (ii) the quotient of $8.00 divided by the closing price of a share of Intersil Class A common stock on the
Nasdaq National Market on the last full trading day immediately prior to the closing date. 

Also at the effective time of the
merger, all outstanding purchase rights under Elantecs 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan shall be assumed by Intersil on the same terms and conditions, except that (i) the number of shares of Intersil Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of these purchase rights will equal the number of shares of Elantec common stock otherwise issuable upon exercise multiplied by the option exchange ratio and (ii) the purchase price for these Intersil shares shall be the lower of (x) the
quotient determined by dividing 85% of the fair market value per share of Elantec common stock on the commencement date of the purchase rights by the option exchange ratio or (y) 85% of the fair market value per share of Intersil Class A common
stock on the purchase date provided for pursuant to Elantecs Employee Stock Purchase Plan. After the final purchase date for purchase rights outstanding prior to the date of the merger agreement, Elantecs Employee Stock Purchase Plan
shall terminate and no additional purchase rights will be granted following the date of the merger agreement. 

Intersil has
agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-8, within 5 business days after the closing date, for the shares of Intersil Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the assumed Elantec stock options and purchase rights, and Intersil will
use its reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to remain effective until the exercise or expiration of the assumed Elantec stock options and purchase rights. 

Nasdaq Quotation 

Intersil has agreed to use all reasonable efforts to cause the shares of Intersil
Class A common stock issuable pursuant to the merger, including shares issuable upon the exercise of Elantec options and purchase rights that have converted to Intersil options and purchase rights, to be approved for quotation on the Nasdaq National
Market prior to the effective time. 

Exchange of Certificates 

As soon as practicable after the effective time of the merger, Intersil
will cause American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as exchange agent, to mail to each shareholder of record of Elantec a letter of transmittal and instructions for the surrender of certificates representing Elantec common stock in exchange
for cash and certificates representing Intersil Class A common stock. 

No certificates representing fractional shares of
Intersil Class A common stock will be issued in the merger. Instead of issuing fractional shares of Intersil Class A common stock to the holders of shares of Elantec common stock, Intersil will pay cash to the holder in an amount equal to the value
of the fractional interest, determined by reference to the closing price of a share of Intersil Class A common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on the last full trading day immediately prior to the closing date. 

If, after 180 days from the date of mailings of letters of transmittals and instructions by the exchange agent, a holder of shares of Elantec common
stock has not surrendered the stock certificates representing the shares to the exchange agent, then the holder of stock certificates representing Elantec common stock may look only to Intersil to receive its $8.00 per share cash payment and shares
of Intersil Class A common stock, any cash in lieu of fractional shares and any unpaid dividends and distributions on shares of Intersil Class A common stock. 

None of Intersil, Elantec or the exchange agent will be liable to any holder of a certificate formerly representing shares of Elantec common stock for the $8.00 per share cash payment, Intersil Class A common stock or
any unpaid dividends and distributions delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws. If any certificates for Elantec common stock are not surrendered prior to seven

years from the effective time of the merger, any cash, shares or dividends or distributions payable thereon shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, become the property of Intersil free
and clear of any claims of any person previously entitled thereto. 

Holders of Elantec common stock should not send in their
certificates until they receive a letter of transmittal from the exchange agent. 

If, before the merger is completed, there
is a reclassification, recapitalization, stock split, stock dividend or similar distribution, stock combination or other change with respect to the Intersil Class A common stock, the exchange ratio will be adjusted accordingly to provide the holders
of Elantec common stock the same economic effect of the exchange ratio in effect immediately before the relevant event. 

Representations and Warranties 

The merger agreement contains customary representations and
warranties, subject in many instances to qualifications, including materiality or material adverse effect, made by Elantec to Intersil and Echo Acquisition, Inc. on the one hand, and by Intersil and Echo Acquisition, Inc. to Elantec on the other
hand. These representations and warranties relate to, among other things, the following matters: 



corporate organization; 



the existence and ownership of subsidiaries; 



the corporate power and authority to enter into and deliver the merger agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; 



capitalization; 



the absence of conflicts between organizational documents, bylaws, agreements and applicable laws, and the merger agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated thereby; 



the absence of any required governmental consents, approvals or authorizations other than those specified in the merger agreement; 



the absence of material adverse changes or events relating to our businesses since December 30, 2001, in the case of Elantec, and December 28, 2001, in the case of Intersil,
other than as disclosed in their respective securities filings; 



the timely filing of documents and the accuracy of information contained in documents filed with the SEC; 



timely filing of tax returns and other tax-related matters; 



intellectual property matters; 



the accuracy of information supplied by the parties in connection with this joint proxy statement/ prospectus and the registration statement of which it is a part;



litigation matters and the absence of undisclosed pending or threatened litigation; 



the absence of undisclosed brokers and finders fees; 



the absence of actions that would prevent the merger from qualifying as a reorganization; 



the absence of undisclosed liabilities; 



the absence of certain transactions since December 30, 2001, in the case of Elantec, and December 28, 2001, in the case of Intersil; 



the absence of material adverse effects in relationships with suppliers and customers since January 1, 2000, in the case of Elantec, and December 28, 2001, in the case of
Intersil; 



the possession of material permits; 



compliance with environmental laws and regulations; 



the receipt of opinions from financial advisors; 



board recommendation of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby; 



absence of related party transactions; 



the inapplicability of state anti-takeover laws and the Elantec rights agreement; 



the absence of any joint venture agreement, partnership or contract relating to off balance sheet financings or sales of receivables; 



compliance with applicable laws; 



title to, or valid leasehold interests in, material property and assets; 



employee benefit plans and other employment and labor related matters; 



the existence, validity and status of contracts; 



the authorization and valid issuance of the Intersil Class A common stock to be issued in the merger; and 



Intersils possession of sufficient cash funds and adequate financial resources to pay all required cash amounts pursuant to the merger. 

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger 

Prior to the effective time of the merger, Elantec has agreed
to use all reasonable efforts to conduct its operations in the ordinary course (except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement) and will use all reasonable efforts to maintain and preserve its business organization and to retain the
services of its officers and key employees and use all reasonable efforts to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, lessees, licensees and other third parties with the intent that its goodwill and ongoing business shall not be impaired in
any material respect. 

Elantec has additionally agreed that it will not, prior to the effective time of the merger or earlier
termination of the merger agreement, and except as otherwise expressly contemplated by the merger agreement, do any of the following without the prior written consent of Intersil: 



adjust, split, combine or reclassify its capital stock; 



make, declare or pay any dividend or distribution on, or acquire, any of its capital stock or any securities convertible into its capital stock; 



grant any person any right or option to acquire its capital stock, other than the rights or options granted to newly hired or promoted employees, not in excess of 300,000
shares of Elantec common stock in the aggregate, with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of Elantecs common stock on the date of grant; 



issue, deliver or sell or agree to issue, deliver or sell any additional shares of its capital stock or any other securities or obligations convertible into or exchangeable or
exercisable for its capital stock, except in limited circumstances; 



enter into any agreement, understanding or arrangement with respect to the sale, voting, registration or repurchase of its capital stock; 



sell, transfer, lease, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets other than in the ordinary course of business; 



amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws; 



merge or consolidate with any other person; 



acquire assets or capital stock or other equity interests in any other person; 



incur, create, assume or become liable for any indebtedness for borrowed money or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an accommodation become responsible or liable for
the obligations of others; 



except for specified exceptions, enter into or modify any employment, severance, stay-put termination or similar agreements or arrangements with, or grant any bonuses, salary
increases, severance or termination pay to, any officer, director, consultant or employee other than ordinary course offer letters to newly hired employees that provide for employment that is at will and which do not provide any post
termination benefits except as may be required by applicable laws, or otherwise increase the compensation or benefits provided to any officer, director, consultant or employee except as may be required by applicable laws; 



enter into, adopt or amend any employee benefit or similar plan except as may be required by applicable laws; 



change any method or principle of accounting in a manner that is inconsistent with past practice except to the extent required by generally accepted accounting principles as
advised by Elantecs independent accountants, or make any material tax election (unless required by law or consistent with prior practice) or settle any material tax liability between Elantec and a government authority; 



amend, terminate, modify or enter into any material contract of a type required to be disclosed by Elantec under the merger agreement; 



enter into any confidentiality, standstill or non-compete agreements or arrangements which after the effective time of the merger would apply or purport to apply to Intersil or
any of its subsidiaries (other than Elantec or any of its subsidiaries); 



incur or commit to any capital expenditures, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of specified dollar amounts; 



modify or waive any of its rights under any provision of any confidentiality agreement or standstill agreement; 



enter into or carry out any other transaction other than in the ordinary and usual course of business or other than as permitted by the merger agreement; 



permit or cause any subsidiary to do any of the foregoing or agree or commit to do any of the foregoing; or 



agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the foregoing actions. 

In addition, each of Intersil and Elantec has agreed to give prompt notice to the other of (x) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event that would likely cause any of its representations or warranties to be
untrue or inaccurate, at or prior to the effective time, in any material respect or (y) any material failure to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it. 

Intersil has agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement, or publicly announce an intention to enter into a definitive agreement, with respect
to any acquisition, disposition, merger or other business combination involving Intersil or any of its subsidiaries at any time prior to the date of Intersils shareholder meeting, if (x) in order to consummate the transaction, the approval by
the holders of Intersil Class A common stock shall be required or (y) the transaction presents a material risk of making it materially more difficult to obtain any approval or authorization required to consummate the merger under antitrust laws.

Non-Solicitation Covenant 

The merger agreement contains detailed provisions prohibiting Elantec from
seeking a competing transaction (as defined below). Under the non-solicitation covenant, Elantec has agreed that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives will,
directly or indirectly: 



solicit, initiate, intentionally encourage or facilitate, or furnish or disclose non-public information in furtherance of, any inquiries or the making of any proposal with
respect to the following transactions (each of which we refer to as a competing transaction): 



any recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other business combination involving Elantec; 



any acquisition of any capital stock from Elantec (other than upon exercise of outstanding stock options) or sale of 15% or more of the assets of Elantec and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole, in a single transaction or series of transactions; 



any acquisition by Elantec of any material assets or capital stock of any other person; or 



any combination of any of the foregoing; 



negotiate or otherwise engage in discussions with any person other than Intersil with respect to any competing transaction; or 



enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding requiring Elantec to abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the merger or any other transaction contemplated by the
merger agreement. 

However, the merger agreement permits Elantec to furnish information to, and negotiate and
otherwise engage in discussion with, any person who delivers a bona fide written proposal for a competing transaction that was not solicited or intentionally encouraged after the date of the merger agreement, if and only to the extent that:



the shareholders of Elantec have not yet approved the merger; 



the board of directors of Elantec determines in good faith by a majority vote, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that failing to take these actions would
constitute a breach of the fiduciary duties of the board of directors of Elantec under applicable laws; 



the board of directors of Elantec determines in good faith by a majority vote, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that the proposal for the competing
transaction is, if accepted, reasonably likely to be consummated and is, after consulting with Robertson Stephens, Elantecs financial advisor, more favorable to Elantecs shareholders from a financial point of view than the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, including any adjustment to the terms and conditions proposed by Intersil in response to the competing transaction (we refer to this type of competing transaction as a superior proposal);



Elantec notifies Intersil not less than two (2) business days prior to taking any of these actions (which notice shall identify the person making the proposal and the terms of
the proposal); and 



Elantec receives from the person making the proposal an executed confidentiality agreement containing provisions that are at least as restrictive to the person making the
proposal as the comparable provisions in the confidentiality agreement are to Intersil. 

In addition, Elantec
has agreed to promptly notify Intersil of any proposal for a competing transaction (and in no event more than 24 hours) after receipt of the proposal, and to thereafter inform Intersil on a prompt basis of the status of any discussion or
negotiations with the third party making the proposal and any material changes to the terms and conditions of the proposal, and Elantec shall promptly give Intersil a copy of any information delivered to the person making the proposal that has not
been previously reviewed by Intersil. 

Elantec agreed, as of the date of the merger agreement, to immediately cease, and to cause its
officers, directors and representatives to cease, all existing activities, discussions and negotiations with any parties conducted prior to the date of the merger agreement with respect to any proposal for a competing transaction. 

If, prior to the approval of the merger by the shareholders of Elantec, the board of directors of Elantec determines in good faith by a
majority vote, after consultation with outside legal counsel, that failure to do so would constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable laws, the board of directors of Elantec may withdraw, amend or modify, in a manner adverse to
Intersil, its recommendation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and, if the reason for the change in recommendation is the existence of a superior proposal, take and disclose to the shareholders of Elantec a position with
respect to the superior proposal by disclosing (x) its withdrawn, amended or modified recommendation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and (y) if applicable, a recommendation with respect to the superior proposal in connection
with a tender or exchange offer for the securities of Elantec. Elantec must give Intersil at least two business days prior written notice of its intention to take any of these actions. 

If the reason for the change in Elantecs board of directors recommendation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement is Elantecs receipt of a superior
proposal, and within the two business day advance notice period required to be given to Intersil, Intersil proposes in writing to modify the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, Elantecs board of directors shall determine in good
faith whether the terms as modified by Intersil are at least as favorable to Elantecs shareholders from a financial point of view as the superior proposal, and if Elantecs board of directors determines that the terms as modified are at
least as favorable as the superior proposal, the board of directors of Elantec may not withdraw, amend or modify, in a manner adverse to Intersil, its recommendation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

The merger agreement further provides that Elantec may take any action to the extent necessary in order to comply with Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Additional Covenants and Agreements 

The merger agreement contains additional covenants and
agreements relating to specified matters that are made mutually by both parties or that are made by Intersil or Elantec to the other party. 

Reasonable Efforts; Antitrust Laws 

The parties have agreed to use all reasonable efforts
to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement as soon as practicable,
including: 



the obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents, licenses, permits, authorizations, orders and approvals from governmental authorities and the making of
all necessary registrations and filings; 



the obtaining of all consents, approvals or waivers from third parties related to or required in connection with the merger that are necessary to consummate the merger and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or required to prevent a material adverse effect on Intersil or Elantec from occurring prior to or after the effective time; 



the preparation of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the registration statement of which it is a part; 



the taking of all action necessary to ensure that the merger constitutes a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and 



the execution and delivery of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to fully carry out the purposes of, the merger agreement.

The parties have made appropriate filings pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act and will make as promptly as practicable any other necessary filings with other governmental entities with respect to the merger. Intersil and Elantec will cooperate with each other in connection with these filings and in connection
with resolving any investigation or other inquiry of any agency or other governmental authority under any foreign antitrust laws with respect to any filings. Each party will use all reasonable efforts to furnish to each other all information
required for any application or other filing to be made pursuant to any applicable laws in connection with the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Each of Intersil and Elantec will use all reasonable efforts to
resolve any objections that may be asserted by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice or any governmental authority with respect to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement under federal, state or foreign
antitrust laws. Each of Intersil and Elantec will use all reasonable efforts to take such action as may be required to cause the expiration or early termination of the notice periods under the antitrust laws with respect to such transactions as
promptly as possible. 

No party will be required to propose or agree to accept any undertaking or condition, to enter into any
consent decree, to make any divestiture or accept any operational restriction, or take or commit to take any action that could reasonably be expected to limit the freedom of action of Intersil or its subsidiaries or affiliates with respect to
operation of any business, product lines or assets of Elantec, or limit the ability to retain, own or operate any portion of the businesses, product lines or assets of Intersil or its subsidiaries or alter or restrict in any way the business or
commercial practices of Elantec, Intersil or either of their subsidiaries or affiliates. Neither Intersil nor Elantec shall be required to hold separate or divest any of their respective businesses or assets or to waive any of the conditions to the
merger specified in the merger agreement. 

Public Announcements 

Elantec and Intersil have agreed not to issue any press release or other public announcement with respect to the merger, the merger agreement or the other transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement without the prior approval of the other party, except for disclosures required by law or by any listing agreement with the Nasdaq National Market or a national securities exchange. If disclosures are required by law or any
listing agreement, these disclosure may not be made without prior consultation of the other parties. 

Section 16 Matters

Intersil and Elantec have agreed to take, before completion of the merger, all required steps to exempt under SEC Rule
16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, any dispositions of Elantec common stock or acquisitions of Intersil common stock in connection with the merger, including any derivative securities, by each individual that is subject to
the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to Elantec, or who will become subject to those reporting requirements with respect to Intersil. 

Shareholder Meetings 

Each of Intersil and
Elantec have agreed to hold meetings of their respective shareholders to consider and vote upon, in the case of Elantec, the approval of the merger, the merger agreement and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and, in the
case of Intersil, the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger. Unless the board of directors of Intersil or Elantec, as the case may be, determines in good faith by a majority vote, after consultation with its outside legal
counsel, that failure to do so would constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable laws (and in the case of Elantec, unless some additional requirements are met as described above in the section entitled Non-Solicitation
Covenant), neither the board of directors of Intersil or Elantec nor any committee thereof shall withdraw, amend or modify, or propose or resolve to withdraw, amend or modify, in a manner adverse to the other party, its recommendation to the
shareholders of Intersil or Elantec, as the case may be, to approve the merger agreement and the other transactions contemplated in the merger agreement or the issuance of the shares of Intersil Class A common stock pursuant to the merger. Nothing
shall limit Intersils or Elantecs obligation to hold and convene their respective shareholder meetings, regardless of whether their board of director recommendations shall have been withdrawn, amended or modified. 

Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance 

The merger agreement provides that, after the effective time of the merger, Intersil will, or will cause the surviving corporation of the merger to,
indemnify, defend and hold harmless, and advance expenses to, all past and present directors and officers of Elantec or any of its subsidiaries, to the fullest extent permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, Elantecs
certificate of incorporation and bylaws or any indemnification agreements in effect prior to the date of the merger agreement, for matters or facts arising, existing or occurring at or prior to the effective time of the merger. All rights to
indemnification of liabilities, and all limitations with respect thereto, existing in favor of any indemnified person, as provided in Elantecs certificate of incorporation or bylaws and any indemnification agreement in effect as of the date of
the merger agreement, shall survive the merger and shall continue in full force and effect without any amendment thereto. 

In
addition, Intersil will maintain Elantecs existing directors and officers insurance policy for at least six years after the effective time of the merger. Intersil may substitute for this insurance policy policies of
substantially similar coverage and amounts with comparable insurance carriers, containing terms that are no less advantageous to Elantecs former directors or officers, provided that if Elantecs existing insurance policy expires or is
cancelled during the six year period, Intersil will not be required to pay an aggregate premium for directors and officers insurance in excess of $1.75 million. To the extent aggregate premiums for coverage would exceed this amount,
Intersil will purchase as much insurance policy coverage as possible for this amount. 

Intersil Board of Directors and
Officers 

At the effective time of the merger, Intersil will take all required action (x) to appoint Richard M. Beyer to
serve as president and chief executive officer of Intersil and Gregory L. Williams to serve as executive chairman of the board of directors of Intersil, each at the discretion of the board of directors of Intersil, and (y) to cause Intersils
board of directors to include as members thereof Richard M. Beyer and James V. Diller. 

Employees and Employee Benefits

Intersil and Elantec have agreed to confer and work together in good faith to agree upon mutually acceptable employee
benefit and compensation arrangements. From and after the effective time of the merger, Intersil will treat all service with Elantec by employees of Elantec at the effective time of the merger, to the extent credited under the terms of
Elantecs employee benefit plans prior to the effective time, as service with Intersil for eligibility and vesting purposes under Intersils employee benefits plans. With respect to any medical or dental benefit plan in which the Elantec
employees participate after the effective time of the merger, (x) Intersil shall use all reasonable efforts to waive or cause to be waived any pre-existing condition exclusions and actively-at-work requirements, except that no waiver shall apply to
a pre-existing condition that was treated under Elantecs employee benefit plans as a pre-existing condition and (y) any covered expenses incurred on or before the effective time of the merger by any of these Elantec employees or their covered
dependents shall be taken into account for purposes of satisfying applicable deductible, coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket provisions after the effective time to the same extent as such expenses are taken into account for the benefit of
similarly situated employees of Intersil and its subsidiaries. 

Following the consummation of the merger, employees of Elantec
may participate in Intersils employee stock purchase plan, to the extent permitted by the Internal Revenue Code, beginning with the first purchase period of Intersils employee stock purchase plan that follows cessation of participation
in Elantecs employee stock purchase plan in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement. 

Access to Information

Subject to existing confidentiality obligations and applicable laws, Elantec has agreed to permit representatives of
Intersil to have full access at all reasonable times to Elantecs premises, properties, books,

records, contracts, documents, customers and suppliers, and Elantec shall cause its independent accountants to give Intersil access to these accountants work papers. Elantec has also agreed
to provide Intersil its financial results for any period after the date of the merger agreement prior to making these financial results public and prior to the filing of any document with the SEC. 

Fees and Expenses 

Subject to the provisions relating to payment of termination fees, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement shall be paid by the party incurring these
expenses, except expenses incurred in the filing, printing and mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus (other than the registration fee, which shall be paid by Intersil) and the filing fee required by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act will be shared equally by Intersil and Elantec. 

Affiliates 

Elantec will use all reasonable efforts to cause each person Elantec has identified as, and each additional person, if any, who may be at the effective
time of the merger, an affiliate of Elantec for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act, to execute and deliver to Intersil no less than 30 days prior to the date of the Elantec special shareholders meeting, written undertakings of
these affiliates which provide, among other things, their agreement not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of Elantec common stock in violation of SEC rules promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and their acknowledgment of
the resale restrictions imposed by Rule 145 of the Securities Act on shares of Intersil common stock to be received by these affiliates in the merger. 

No Redemption of Elantec Rights Plan 

Between the date of the merger agreement and the
earlier of the effective time of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement, Elantec has agreed not to redeem, amend or waive any provisions of Elantecs rights agreement (other than such amendments as are necessary to accommodate
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, but not with respect to any competing transaction) or implement or adopt any other poison pill, shareholder rights plan or other similar plan. 

Conditions to the Consummation of the Merger 

The respective obligations of Intersil, Echo
Acquisition, Inc. and Elantec to consummate the merger are subject to satisfaction of the following conditions: 



the approval of the shareholders of Intersil of the issuance of shares of Intersil Class A common stock pursuant to the merger agreement; 



the approval of the shareholders of Elantec of the merger and the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby; 



the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and any applicable foreign antitrust laws; 



no provision of applicable law and no judgment, injunction, order or decree shall prohibit the consummation of the merger or the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement; 



there shall not be pending any action by any governmental authority (i) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, (ii) seeking to prohibit or limit the ownership or operation by Intersil or the surviving corporation of any portion of the business or assets of Intersil or Elantec or their subsidiaries, or to
compel Intersil or the surviving corporation to dispose of any portion of the business or assets of Intersil, Elantec or their subsidiaries, or (iii) seeking to prohibit Intersil from effectively controlling the business or operations of Elantec or
its subsidiaries; and 



the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part shall have been declared effective by the SEC, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of
the registration statement shall be in effect and no proceeding for that purpose shall be pending before or threatened by the SEC or any state securities administrator. 

Elantecs obligations to consummate the merger are subject to the fulfillment of the following additional conditions unless waived by Elantec: 



the representations and warranties of Intersil and Echo Acquisition, Inc., disregarding all qualifications relating to materiality or material adverse effect, shall be true and
correct in all respects on and as of the closing date except where the failure of these representations and warranties in the aggregate to be true and correct in all respects would not have a material adverse effect on Intersil, and Intersil shall
provide a certificate of its president or any vice president to that effect; 



Intersil shall have performed in all material respects each obligation and agreement and shall have complied in all material respects with each covenant required to be
performed and complied with by Intersil prior to the effective time of the merger, and Intersil shall provide a certificate of its president or any vice president to that effect; 



there shall not have been and be continuing any event, change or effect, individually or in the aggregate, which would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on (i) the business, assets, liabilities, prospects, results of operations or financial condition of Intersil and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of Intersil to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;



Elantec shall have received an opinion from Fenwick & West LLP, counsel to Elantec, or counsel to Intersil, to the effect that for federal income tax purposes the merger
will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; and 



Intersil shall have taken all requisite action so that Richard M. Beyer and James V. Diller shall become members of Intersils board of directors at the effective time,
except that if Intersil has taken all requisite action and either of such persons shall be unable or unwilling to serve as a director of Intersil, this condition shall be deemed satisfied. 

Intersils obligations to consummate the merger are subject to the fulfillment of the following additional conditions unless waived by Intersil:



the representations and warranties of Elantec, disregarding all qualifications relating to materiality or material adverse effect, shall be true and correct in all respects on
and as of the closing date, except for changes permitted by the merger agreement and except where the failure of these representations and warranties in the aggregate to be true and correct in all respects would not have a material adverse effect on
Elantec, and Elantec shall provide a certificate of its president or any vice president to that effect; 



Elantec shall have performed in all material respects each obligation and agreement and shall have complied in all material respects with each covenant required to be performed
and complied with by Elantec prior to the effective time of the merger, and Elantec shall provide a certificate of its president or any vice president to that effect; 



there shall not have been and be continuing any event, change or effect, individually or in the aggregate, which would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on (i) the business, assets, liabilities, prospects, results of operations or financial condition of Elantec and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of Elantec to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;



Intersil shall have received an opinion from Dechert, counsel to Intersil, or from counsel to Elantec, to the effect that for federal income tax purposes the merger will be
treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and 



Holders of no more than ten percent of the outstanding shares of Elantec common stock shall have validly demanded appraisal rights and shall not have failed to perfect or
withdraw these rights. 

A material adverse effect is defined in the merger agreement as any event, change or effect,
individually or in the aggregate with such other events, changes or effects, the occurrence of which would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on: 



the business, assets (including intangible assets), liabilities (contingent or otherwise), prospects, results of operations or financial condition of such party and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole; or 



the ability of such party to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

A material adverse effect does not include any change in or effect upon the business, assets (including intangible assets), liabilities (contingent or otherwise), prospects, results of operations or
financial condition of such party or any of its subsidiaries directly or indirectly arising out of or attributable to: 



any decrease in the market price of the shares of Elantec common stock in the case of Elantec or Intersil Class A common stock in the case of Intersil (but not any change or
effect underlying such decrease to the extent such change or effect would otherwise constitute a material adverse effect on such party); or 



conditions, events, or circumstances generally affecting the economy as a whole or the semiconductor industry generally. 

For purposes of analyzing whether any state of facts, change, development, effect, condition or occurrence constitutes a material adverse effect under this definition,



materiality shall be analyzed from the viewpoint of whether there is a significant likelihood that the disclosure of such state of facts, change, development, effect, condition
or occurrence would be viewed by a reasonable investor as having significantly altered the total mix of information available to such investor if the total mix consisted solely of: 



the representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement (other than Elantecs and Intersils representations and warranties that they have not
experienced a material adverse effect); 



the documents filed by Elantec with the SEC in the case of Elantec and the documents filed by Intersil with the SEC in the case of Intersil, and 



Elantecs disclosure schedule provided to Intersil in the case of Elantec and Intersils disclosure schedule provided to Elantec in the case of Intersil; and



the analysis of materiality shall not be limited to the standpoint of a long-term investor. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement 

The merger agreement provides that at any time prior to the
effective time of the merger, whether before or after shareholder approval, the merger agreement may be terminated: 



by mutual written consent of Intersil and Elantec; 



by either Intersil or Elantec if: 



the merger has not been completed before September 30, 2002, provided, however, that this right to terminate shall not be available to a party whose failure to perform any
material covenant or obligation under the merger agreement has been the cause of or resulted in the failure of the merger to occur on or before September 30, 2002; 



a judgment, injunction, order or decree of a court or other competent governmental authority enjoining Intersil or Elantec from consummating the merger shall have become final
or nonappealable, provided, that a party may not terminate the merger agreement if its failure to perform its obligations under the merger agreement resulted in or contributed to the issuance of the judgment, injunction, order or decree; or



at the Elantec or Intersil meeting of shareholders, the required shareholder approvals of Elantec or Intersil shall not have been obtained; 



by Intersil if: 



there shall have been a material breach by Elantec of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the merger agreement, which breach would
result in the failure to satisfy one or more of the conditions to Intersils obligations which relate to breaches of representations, warranties or covenants or would interfere with the ability of Intersil and/or Elantec to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and the breach, if it is curable, shall not have been cured within 30 days after notice thereof shall have been received by Elantec; 



there shall have occurred any event, change or effect, individually or in the aggregate, that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the
business, assets, liabilities, prospects, results of operations or financial condition of Elantec and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of Elantec to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however,
that this shall not include any changes or effects arising out of or attributable to any decrease in the market price of the shares of Elantecs common stock or conditions, events or circumstances generally affecting the economy as a whole or
the semiconductor industry generally; or 



before the Elantec special shareholder meeting, (i) the board of directors of Elantec or any committee thereof shall have withdrawn or modified, in a manner adverse to
Intersil, its recommendation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; (ii) Elantec shall have failed to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus the recommendation of the board of directors of Elantec in favor of the
approval of the merger agreement and the merger; (iii) the board of directors of Elantec shall have failed to reaffirm its recommendation in favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the merger within ten days after Intersil requests in
writing that the recommendation be reaffirmed; (iv) the board of directors of Elantec or any committee thereof shall have approved or publicly recommended any competing transaction; (v) a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Elantec in
excess of 20% of its outstanding voting securities shall have been commenced by a person unaffiliated with Intersil, and Elantec shall not have sent to its shareholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, within ten business days after the tender or exchange offer is first published, sent or given, a statement disclosing that Elantecs board of directors recommends rejection of the tender or exchange offer; or (vi) Elantec shall have
intentionally breached its obligations to hold and convene the Elantec special shareholder meeting, its obligations under the non-solicitation covenant or its obligations with respect to Elantecs rights agreement; and 



by Elantec if: 



there shall have been a material breach by Intersil of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the merger agreement, which breach would
result in the failure to satisfy one or more of the conditions to Elantecs obligations which relate to breaches of representations, warranties or covenants or would interfere with the ability of Intersil and/or Elantec to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and the breach, if it is curable, shall not have been cured within 30 days after notice thereof shall have been received by Intersil; 



there shall have occurred any event, change or effect, individually or in the aggregate, that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the
business, assets, liabilities, prospects, results of operations or financial condition of Intersil and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of Intersil to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided,
however, that this shall not include any changes or effects arising out of or attributable to any decrease in the market price of the shares of Intersil Class A common stock or conditions, events or circumstances generally affecting the economy as a
whole or the semiconductor industry generally; 



before the Intersil shareholder meeting, (i) the board of directors of Intersil or any committees thereof shall have withdrawn or modified, in a manner adverse to Elantec, its
recommendation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; (ii) Intersil shall have failed to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus the recommendation of the board of directors of Intersil in favor of the issuance of the
shares of Intersil Class A common stock in connection with the merger; (iii) the board of directors of Intersil shall have failed to reaffirm its recommendation in favor of the issuance of the shares of Intersil Class A common stock in connection
with the merger within ten days after Elantec requests in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed; or (iv) Intersil shall have intentionally breached its obligations to hold and convene the Intersil shareholder meeting and not to withdraw,
amend or modify the Intersil board of directors recommendation except as permitted by the merger agreement in relation to fiduciary duties. 

Termination Fee 

Termination Fee to be Paid by Elantec 

Elantec has agreed to pay Intersil a termination fee of $32 million, plus an amount equal to Intersils reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, if: 



Intersil terminates the merger agreement as the result of a material breach by Elantec, which, if curable, is not cured within 48 hours, of its obligation to hold the Intersil
shareholder meeting or Elantecs non-solicitation covenant (see the section above entitled Non-Solicitation Covenant); 



Intersil terminates the merger agreement in the event that, before the Elantec special shareholder meeting, any of the following occurs: 



the board of directors of Elantec or any committee thereof shall have withdrawn or modified, in a manner adverse to the Intersil, its recommendation of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement; 



Elantec shall have failed to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus the recommendation of the board of directors of Elantec in favor of the approval of the merger
agreement and the merger; 



the board of directors of Elantec shall have failed to reaffirm its recommendation in favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the merger within ten days after
Intersil requests in writing that the recommendation be reaffirmed; 



the board of directors of Elantec or any committee thereof shall have approved or publicly recommended any competing transaction; 



a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Elantec in excess of 20% of its outstanding voting securities shall have been commenced by a person unaffiliated with
Intersil, and Elantec shall not have sent to its shareholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, within ten business days after the tender or exchange offer is first published, sent or given, a
statement disclosing that Elantecs board of directors recommends rejection of the tender or exchange offer; or 



Elantec shall have intentionally breached its obligations to hold and convene the Elantec special shareholder meeting, its obligations under the non-solicitation covenant or
its obligations with respect to Elantecs rights agreement; or 



Intersil terminates the merger agreement in the event that all of the following occurs: 



prior to the Elantec special shareholder meeting, a competing transaction shall have been made known to Elantec, and the fact of this competing transaction shall have become
publicly known or

the proposal for the competing transaction shall have been made directly to the shareholders of Elantec generally, or any person shall have publicly announced its intention to make a proposal for
a competing transaction; 



the shareholders of Elantec do not approve the merger at the Elantec special shareholders meeting; and 



within 12 months of Intersils termination of the merger agreement, Elantec enters into a definitive agreement with respect to, or consummates, a company
acquisition (as described below). 

A company acquisition is (x) a merger, consolidation,
share exchange, business combination or similar transaction involving Elantec as a result of which the shareholders of Elantec prior to such transaction in the aggregate cease to own at least the 50% of voting securities of the entity surviving or
resulting from the transaction (or at least 75% of the voting securities if the acquisition proposal involves a person who publicly announced its intention to make a proposal for a competing transaction prior to termination of the merger agreement),
(y) a sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of more than 50% of the assets of Elantec and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a single transaction or series of transactions (or more than 25% of these assets if the acquisition
proposal involves a person who publicly announced its intention to make a proposal for a competing transaction prior to termination of the merger agreement) or (z) the acquisition, by a person (other than Intersil or its affiliates) or a group of
persons, of beneficial ownership of more than 50% of Elantecs common stock (or of more than 25% of Elantecs common stock if the acquisition proposal involves a person who publicly announced its intention to make a proposal for a
competing transaction prior to termination of the merger agreement, in either case whether by tender or exchange offer or otherwise). 

Any termination fee to be paid by Elantec to Intersil as a result of Elantecs breach of its obligations under the non-solicitation covenant given by Elantec to Intersil in the merger agreement will be the sole remedy for such breach
(other than equitable or injunctive relief) and shall constitute complete and reasonable liquidated damages for any such breach, provided Elantec has not committed an act with the intent and effect of breaching the merger agreement. 

Termination Fee to be Paid by Intersil 

Intersil has agreed to pay Elantec a termination fee of $10 million, plus an amount equal to Elantecs reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, if: 



Elantec terminates the merger agreement as the result of a material breach by Intersil, which, if curable, is not cured within 48 hours, of its obligations to hold the Intersil
shareholder meeting and its obligations not to have the board of directors of Intersil or any committee thereof withdraw, amend or modify, in a manner adverse to Elantec, its recommendation to the shareholders of Intersil (except as permitted by the
merger agreement); or 



Elantec terminates the merger agreement in the event that, before the Intersil shareholder meeting, any of the following occurs: 



the board of directors of Intersil or any committees thereof shall have withdrawn or modified, in a manner adverse to the Elantec, its recommendation of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement; 



Intersil shall have failed to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus the recommendation of the board of directors of Intersil in favor of the issuance of the shares
of Intersil Class A common stock in connection with the merger; 



the board of directors of Intersil shall have failed to reaffirm its recommendation in favor of the issuance of the shares of Intersil Class A common stock in connection with
the merger within ten days after Elantec requests in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed; or 



Intersil shall have intentionally breached its obligations to hold and convene the Intersil shareholder meeting and not to withdraw amend or modify the Intersil board of
directors recommendation except as permitted by the merger agreement. 

Amendment, Waiver and Extension of the Merger Agreement 

The parties may amend the merger agreement
at any time before or after the approval of the merger proposals by the Intersil shareholders or the Elantec shareholders, by action taken or authorized by their respective boards of directors. The merger agreement may not be amended, except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of Intersil, Echo Acquisition, Inc. and Elantec. Following any shareholder approval, no amendment shall be made which by law requires further shareholder approval or authorization without obtaining this further
approval or authorization. 

At any time prior to the effective time of the merger, by action taken or authorized by their
respective boards of directors, the parties may, to the extent legally allowed: 



extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties; 



waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other parties contained in the merger agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the merger
agreement; and 



waive compliance by the other party with any of the agreements or conditions in the merger agreement. 

Any extension or waiver described above will be valid if set forth in writing and signed on behalf of the waiving party.

AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER 

Elantec Voting Agreements 

Concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement, some of the
shareholders of Elantec entered into voting agreements with Intersil, Echo Acquisition, Inc. and Elantec and have granted Echo Acquisition, Inc. and its officers, agents and nominees irrevocable proxies to vote any shares of Elantec common stock
which are beneficially owned by each of them in favor of the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The irrevocable proxy is valid for the Elantec special shareholders meeting or at any annual or
other meeting of Elantecs shareholders or for any written consent of shareholders. For any matters other than voting in favor of the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the shares owned by
these Elantec shareholders shall be voted by and in the manner determined by these shareholders upon written notice to Echo Acquisition, Inc. 

The voting agreements do not prohibit the sale, transfer or other disposition by these Elantec shareholders of their shares of Elantec common stock. The irrevocable proxy applies to the shares of Elantec common stock,
if any, that are owned by these shareholders at the time of the record date for the Elantec special meeting of shareholders or other shareholder meeting. As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the shareholders that have entered
into voting agreements with Intersil own shares of Elantec common stock, representing approximately 2% of the voting power of the outstanding Elantec common stock. In the event that these Elantec shareholders acquire any additional Elantec
securities, these securities will automatically be subject to the terms of the Elantec voting agreements. 

Each shareholder
executing the Elantec voting agreement has made representations and warranties to Intersil and Echo Acquisition, Inc., subject to certain qualifications, as to its ownership and unencumbered title to Elantec securities. These Elantec shareholders,
on the one hand, and Intersil and Echo Acquisition, Inc., on the other hand, have also made reciprocal representations and warranties to each other regarding power and authority to execute the voting agreement, due execution and enforceability of
the voting agreement and the absence of conflicts with other agreements, arrangements, judgments, orders or applicable laws. 

The Elantec voting agreements will terminate at the earlier of the effective time of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Intersil Voting Agreements 

Concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement, some of the
shareholders of Intersil entered into voting agreements with Intersil, Echo Acquisition, Inc. and Elantec and have granted Elantec and its officers, agents and nominees irrevocable proxies to vote any shares of Intersil Class A common stock which
are beneficially owned by each of them in favor of the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The irrevocable proxy is valid for the Intersil annual shareholder meeting or at any other meeting of
Intersils shareholders or for any written consent of shareholders. For any matters other than voting in favor of the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the shares owned by these Intersil
shareholders shall be voted by and in the manner determined by these shareholders upon written notice to Elantec. 

The
voting agreements do not prohibit the sale, transfer or other disposition by these Intersil shareholders of their shares of Intersil Class A common stock. The irrevocable proxy applies to the shares of Intersil Class A common stock, if any, that are
owned by these shareholders at the time of the record date for the Intersil annual shareholder meeting or other shareholder meeting. As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the shareholders that have entered into voting agreements
with Elantec own shares of Intersil Class A common stock, representing approximately 3% of the voting power of the outstanding Intersil Class A common stock. In the event that these Intersil shareholders acquire any additional Intersil securities,
these securities will automatically be subject to the terms of the Intersil voting agreements. 

Each shareholder executing the Intersil voting agreement has made representations and
warranties to Elantec, subject to certain qualifications, as to its ownership and unencumbered title to Intersil securities. These Intersil shareholders and Elantec have also made reciprocal representations and warranties to each other regarding
power and authority to execute the voting agreements, due execution and enforceability of the voting agreement and the absence of conflicts with other agreements, arrangements, judgments, orders or applicable laws. 

These Intersil shareholders have also agreed to confirm in writing to Elantec the accuracy of their representation and warranties immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger if requested. 

The Intersil voting agreements will terminate at the earlier of the effective
time of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Elantec Affiliate Letters 

Each of the affiliates of Elantec has executed and delivered to Intersil
an affiliate letter. Pursuant to the affiliate letters, each affiliate has agreed not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of Elantec common stock in violation of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC. Elantec has also agreed
to deliver an affiliate letter executed by any additional person who, between the date of the merger agreement and the completion of the merger, shall become an affiliate of Elantec. 

These Elantec affiliates have been advised that they may not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of shares of Intersil Class A common stock received by them in connection with the merger
unless such sale, transfer or other disposition has been registered under the Securities Act, is made in accordance with Rule 145 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act, or is otherwise exempt from registration under the Securities Act in
the opinion of legal counsel reasonably acceptable to Intersil or based on a no action letter obtained by the shareholder from the SEC staff. 

In accordance with the affiliate letters, Intersil will be entitled to place appropriate restrictive legends on these Elantec shareholders certificates evidencing any Intersil Class A common stock to be received
by them in connection with the merger. Execution of an affiliate letter does not constitute an admission by the Elantec shareholder to being an affiliate of Elantec. 

INTERSIL CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements have been prepared to give effect to the proposed merger of
Intersil and Elantec, using the purchase method of accounting. These pro forma statements were prepared as if the merger had been completed as of December 30, 2000 for statement of operations purposes and as of December 28, 2001 for balance sheet
purposes. 

The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements are based on estimates and assumptions, which are
preliminary. The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements are presented for informational purposes only and are not intended to represent or be indicative of the consolidated results of operations or financial condition of
Intersil that would have been reported had the merger been completed as of the dates presented, and should not be taken as representative of future results of operations of Intersil. 

These unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes thereto and the separate historical consolidated financial
statements and notes of Intersil and Elantec incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See the section entitled Where You Can Find More Information. 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

Fiscal Year
Ended December 28, 2001 

Historical

Pro Forma Adjustments

Pro Forma

Combined

Intersil

Elantec

(in millions, except per share data)

Revenue

Product sales

$

481.1

$

94.7

$

  

$

575.8

Costs and Expenses

Cost of product sales

258.6

46.9

  

305.5

Research and development

106.1

22.2

  

128.3

Selling, general and administrative

93.5

17.1

  

110.6

Amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred compensation

44.2

  

22.9

(a)

67.1

Impairment of long-lived assets

7.6

15.3

  

22.9

Restructuring

32.4

1.1

  

33.5

Operating loss

(61.3

)

(7.9

)

(22.9

)

(92.1

)

Interest and other income, net

20.8

7.3

  

28.1

Interest expense

(2.3

)

(0.2

)

  

(2.5

)

Impairment on investment

(8.2

)

  

  

(8.2

)

Loss before disposal of certain operations

(51.0

)

(0.8

)

(22.9

)

(74.7

)

Net sales from disposed operations

38.5

  

  

38.5

Costs and expenses of disposed operations

(41.4

)

  

  

(41.4

)

Gain on disposal of certain operations

168.4

  

  

168.4

Income (loss) before income taxes and extraordinary item

114.5

(0.8

)

(22.9

)

90.8

Income taxes (benefit)

62.4

(0.4

)

  

62.0

Income (loss) before extraordinary item

$

52.1

$

(0.4

)

$

(22.9

)

$

28.8

Basic earnings per share before extraordinary item

$

0.49

$

(0.02

)

$

0.21

Diluted earnings per share before extraordinary item

$

0.48

$

(0.02

)

$

0.20

Weighted average common shares outstanding

Basic

105.7

22.5

135.1

Diluted

108.9

22.5

141.7

INTERSIL CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET 

December 28, 2001 

Historical

Pro Forma Adjustments

Pro Forma

Combined

Intersil

Elantec

(in millions)

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

601.5

$

113.1

$

(215.5

)

(b)

$

499.1

Short-term investments

  

75.1

  

75.1

Trade receivables

55.1

7.5

  

62.6

Inventories

67.9

12.7

  

80.6

Prepaid expenses

9.1

4.7

  

13.8

Deferred income taxes

33.8

3.1

  

36.9

Total current assets

767.4

216.2

(215.5

)

768.1

Property, plant and equipment

140.1

11.3

(5.2

)

(c)

146.2

Intangibles

241.1

  

1,097.2

(c)

1,338.3

Investments

39.2

  

  

39.2

Deferred income taxes

  

12.6

  

12.6

Other

12.4

1.8

  

14.2

Total other assets

432.8

25.7

1,092.0

1,550.5

Total assets

$

1,200.2

$

241.9

$

876.5

$

2,318.6

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Trade payables and accrued expenses

$

87.9

$

13.3

  

$

101.2

Exit and restructuring costs

23.9

  

  

23.9

Deferred revenue

  

2.6

  

2.6

Income taxes payable

24.7

  

  

24.7

Current portion of capital lease obligations

  

0.8

  

0.8

Total current liabilities

136.5

16.7

  

153.2

Long-term capital lease obligations

  

0.3

  

0.3

Other long-term liabilities

  

1.7

  

1.7

Deferred income taxes

6.5

  

12.7

(d)

19.2

Shareholders Equity

Common stock

1.1

0.2

0.1

(e)

1.4

Additional paid-in capital

1,065.3

207.7

966.7

(e)

2,239.7

Retained earnings (deficit)

4.2

23.8

(86.2

)

(e)(f)

(58.2

)

Unearned compensation

(1.1

)

(3.5

)

(21.8

)

(e)(g)

(26.4

)

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

(0.4

)

0.1

(0.1

)

(e)

(0.4

)

Treasury shares, at cost

(11.9

)

(5.1

)

5.1

(e)

(11.9

)

Total shareholders equity

1,057.2

223.2

863.8

2,144.2

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

$

1,200.2

$

241.9

$

876.5

$

2,318.6

INTERSIL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(i)    Basis of Pro Forma Presentation 

On March 10, 2002, Intersil and Elantec entered into a definitive agreement whereby each outstanding share of Elantec common stock will be converted into 1.24 shares of Intersil Class A common stock and $8.00 cash,
without interest. Each outstanding option to purchase shares of Elantec common stock will be assumed using an exchange ratio equal to 1.24 plus the quotient of $8.00 divided by the closing sales price of Intersil Class A common stock as reported on
the Nasdaq National Market on the trading day immediately preceding the date of the merger. Completion of the merger is conditioned upon the affirmative vote of both companies shareholders, among other things. Under the terms of the merger
agreement, Intersil expects to issue 
29,379,509 shares of its Class A common stock and reserve 9,838,179 shares of its Class A common stock to be exchanged for Elantecs outstanding stock options. The stock options to be exchanged have
been estimated based on the closing sales price of Intersil Class A common stock on April 3, 2002 of $26.12. The actual number of shares of Intersil Class A common stock to be issued will be determined on the effective date of the merger based on
the number of Elantec shares outstanding on such date. 

The unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations
combine the historical audited consolidated statement of operations for Intersil for the year ended December 28, 2001, with Elantecs historical unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2001, giving effect
to the merger as if it had occurred on December 30, 2000, the first day of the fiscal year. Elantecs historical unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 was derived by adding the unaudited
consolidated statement of operations for the quarter ended December 31, 2001 to the audited consolidated statement of operations for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 and deducting the unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the
quarter ended December 31, 2000. 

The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet combines Intersils historical
audited consolidated balance sheet as of December 28, 2001 with Elantecs historical unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2001, giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred as of December 28, 2001. 

(ii)    Preliminary Purchase Price 

The estimated value of Intersils Class A common stock is $32.42 per share based on the average closing price of Intersils common stock for the five-day period including March 11, 2002 (the first trading
day following the announcement of the signing of the merger agreement) and the two trading days preceding and succeeding such date. 

The purchase price of the Elantec merger is estimated as follows (in millions): 

Value of Intersil common stock to be issued

$

952.5

Cash to be paid to Elantec shareholders

189.5

Fair value of stock options to be issued

222.2

Merger costs and transaction fees

26.0

Unearned stock-based compensation

(25.3

)

Total purchase price

$

1,364.9

The final purchase price is dependent on the actual number of shares of
common stock and cash to be issued, the actual number of options assumed and actual acquisition related costs and will be determined upon completion of the merger. 

INTERSIL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued) 

The preliminary purchase price allocation, which is subject to change based on
Intersils final analysis, is as follows (in millions): 

Net tangible assets acquired

$

218.0

Completed technology

33.2

Acquired in-process research and development

62.4

Goodwill

1,064.0

Deferred tax liability

(12.7

)

Total purchase price

$

1,364.9

An independent valuation specialist performed an allocation of the total
purchase price of Elantec to certain of its individual assets and liabilities. In addition to the value assigned to in-process research and development projects and tangible assets, specific intangible assets were identified and valued. The related
amortization of the identifiable intangible assets is reflected as a pro forma adjustment to the unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations. The identifiable intangible assets consist of acquired completed technology. This
independent appraisal will be finalized at the date of closing. For purposes of these pro forma combined condensed financial statements, estimated values as of December 31, 2001 have been used. 

The $62.4 million amount allocated to acquired in-process research and development represents the purchased in-process technology for projects that, as of the date of the
acquisition had not yet reached technological feasibility and had no alternative future use. Based on preliminary assessments, the value of these projects was determined by estimating the resulting net cash flows from the sale of products resulting
from the completion of the projects, reduced by the portion of the revenue attributable to developed technology and the percentage of completion of the project. The resulting cash flows were then discounted back to their present value at appropriate
discount rates. 

The amounts allocated to acquired in-process research and development will be charged to the statement of
operations in the period the acquisition is consummated. The related amortization of identifiable intangible assets is reflected as a pro forma adjustment to the unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations. 

The preliminary residual purchase price of $1,064.0 million has been recorded as goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase
price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired. In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, or FAS 142, goodwill will be carried at cost and
tested for impairment annually and whenever events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Goodwill is not amortized under FAS 142. As this plan of merger was initiated after July 1, 2001, the Company has adopted FAS 142 for the accounting
treatment of goodwill in these unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements. 

(iii)    Pro Forma Adjustments

There were no transactions between Intersil and Elantec during the periods presented. 

Based on the timing of the closing of the merger, the final purchase price, finalization of the valuation and purchase price allocation, finalization of
the integration plans, determination of the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities and other factors, the pro forma adjustments may differ materially from those presented in these pro forma combined condensed financial statements. A change in
the value assigned to long-term tangible and intangible assets and liabilities could result in a reallocation of the purchase price and a change in the pro forma adjustments. The statement of operations effect of these changes will depend on the
nature and amount of the assets or liabilities adjusted. 

INTERSIL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS(Continued) 

The unaudited pro forma combined condensed provision for income taxes may not
represent the amounts that would have resulted had Intersil and Elantec filed consolidated income tax returns during the periods presented. 

The following pro forma adjustments have been made to the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements: 

(a)

To record the amortization of intangible assets ($6.6 million) and unearned stock-based compensation ($16.3 million) related to the merger as if it had occurred on December 30,
2000. Intangible assets are amortized over 60 months. Stock-based compensation is amortized over the remaining vesting periods. 

(b)

To record the estimated cash consideration to be paid to Elantec shareholders under the merger agreement ($189.5 million) and merger-related transaction costs ($26.0
million). 

(c)

To record the write-down to fair market value of property, plant and equipment and to record the estimated fair value of intangible assets resulting from the merger, including
(in millions): 

Goodwill

$

1,064.0

Completed technology

33.2

Total

$

1,097.2

(d)

To record a deferred tax liability related to identifiable intangible assets. 

(e)

To record the increase in shareholders equity of Intersil as a result of the issuance of common shares ($0.3 million common stock and $952.2 million additional
paid-in-capital) in exchange for the all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Elantec, the fair value associated with the Intersil stock options to be exchanged for Elantec stock options ($222.2 million) and to eliminate the historical
retained earnings, unearned stock-based compensation, common stock, additional paid-in capital, accumulated other comprehensive income, and treasury shares of Elantec as a result of the purchase transaction. 

(f)

To reflect the estimated charge for acquired in-process research and development of $62.4 million. 

(g)

To record unearned stock-based compensation related to the unvested Elantec stock options assumed in the merger. 

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS 

Market Prices 

Intersil Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol ISIL. Elantec common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
ELNT. 

The following table shows the high and low closing sale prices for the calendar quarters shown for both
Intersil and Elantec common stock on the Nasdaq National Market. 

Intersil

Elantec

High

Low

High

Low

Calendar 2000

First Quarter

$

66.00

$

46.50

$

47.50

$

13.50

Second Quarter

58.50

27.50

75.63

25.97

Third Quarter

67.00

42.56

101.69

53.63

Fourth Quarter

57.88

19.06

121.75

22.50

Calendar 2001

First Quarter

33.38

13.88

56.06

19.81

Second Quarter

40.51

15.00

37.51

21.02

Third Quarter

42.36

21.65

41.00

21.69

Fourth Quarter

40.02

25.49

43.83

19.65

Recent Closing Prices 

On March 8, 2002, the last trading day immediately before the public announcement of the merger, the closing price of Intersil Class A common stock on the Nasdaq National Market was
$36.65 per share, and the closing price of common stock of Elantec was $41.20 per share. On April 3, 2002, the last trading day before the printing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the closing price of Intersil Class A common stock on the
Nasdaq National Market was $26.12 per share and the closing price of Elantec common stock was $40.09 per share. Following the merger, common stock of Elantec will cease to be traded on the Nasdaq National Market and will represent only the
right to receive shares of Intersil Class A common stock and cash under the terms and conditions of the merger agreement. 

Because the market price of Intersil Class A common stock is subject to fluctuation, the market value of the shares of Intersil Class A common stock that holders of common stock of Elantec will receive in the merger may increase or decrease
before and after the merger. See Risk Factors. Shareholders are urged to obtain current market quotations for Intersil Class A common stock and Elantec common stock. 

Dividends 

Neither Intersil nor Elantec has ever declared or paid a cash dividend on its
common stock and neither anticipates paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, the merger agreement prohibits Elantec from declaring or paying dividends on its shares until the completion of the merger or termination of the
merger agreement. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF ELANTEC 

The following table sets
forth certain information, as of March 8, 2002 with respect to the beneficial ownership of Elantecs common stock by: 



each shareholder known by Elantec to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of Elantecs common stock; 



each director; 



each of Elantecs executive officers; and 



all current executive officers and directors as a group. 

Name and Address of  Beneficial Owner

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1)

Percent of Class

Mellon Financial Corporation (2)

1,582,960

6.8

%

Trust Company of the West (TCW) Asset Management Company (3)

1,575,136

6.8

Capital Research and Management (4)

1,171,200

5.0

James V. Diller (5)

1,089,563

4.6

Richard M. Beyer (6)

371,068

1.6

Alden J. Chauvin, Jr. (7)

158,894

*

Alan V. King (8)

114,583

*

Chuck K. Chan (9)

109,988

*

Brian McDonald (10)

64,500

*

Mohan Maheswaran (11)

46,500

*

Umesh Padval (12)

42,499

*

Rajeeva Lahri (13)

50,000

*

All current officers and directors as a group (9 persons) (14)

2,047,430

8.8

%

*Less than 1%. 

(1)

Unless otherwise indicated below, the persons named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community
property laws where applicable. The address for each officer and director named in the table is c/o Elantec Semiconductor, Inc., 675 Trade Zone Boulevard, Milpitas, California 95035. 

(2)

Based on information obtained from a Schedule 13G filed by Mellon Financial Corporation on January 24, 2002. The address for Mellon Financial Corporation is One Mellon Center,
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15258. 

(3)

Based on information obtained from a Schedule 13G amendment filed by Trust Company of the West Asset Management Company on March 11, 2002. The address for Trust Company of the
West Asset Management Company is 865 South Figueroa Street, Suite 1800, Los Angeles, California 90017. 

(4)

Based on information obtained from a Schedule 13G filed by Capital Research and Management on February 11, 2002. The address for Capital Research and Management is 333 South
Hope Street, 55th Floor, Los Angeles, California 90071. 

(5)

Represents 277,480 shares held by Mr. Dillers family trust and 812,083 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 8, 2002. Mr. Diller is the chairman
of Elantecs board of directors. 

(6)

Includes 1,036 shares held by Mr. Beyer and 2,300 shares held by Mr. Beyers family trust. In addition, 69,200 shares of common stock are held by Mr. Beyers family
trust and Elantec has a right of repurchase on these shares that expires ratably over a five-year period. Also includes 298,532 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 8, 2002. Mr. Beyer is the president, chief executive
officer and a director of Elantec. 

(7)

Represents 67,300 shares held by Mr. Chauvin, 165 shares held by or in the name of Mr. Chauvins children and 91,429 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days
of March 8, 2002. Mr. Chauvin is Elantecs vice president of worldwide sales. 

(8)

Represents 40,000 shares held by Mr. King and 74,583 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 8, 2002. Mr. King is a director of Elantec. 

(9) 

Represents 19,571 shares held by Dr. Chans family trust and 90,417 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 8, 2002. Dr. Chan is a director of
Elantec. 

(10)

Mr. McDonald does not hold any shares but holds 64,500 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 8, 2002. Mr. McDonald became Elantecs vice president
of finance and administration, chief financial officer and secretary in January 2001. 

(11)

Mr. Maheswaran does not hold any shares but holds 46,500 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 8, 2002. Mr. Maheswaran joined Elantec as its vice
president of corporate strategy and business development in January 2001 and he was appointed as vice president of marketing and business development in July 2001. 

(12)

Mr. Padval does not hold any shares but holds 42,499 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 8, 2002. Mr. Padval is a director of Elantec. 

(13)

Mr. Lahri does not hold any shares but holds 50,000 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 8, 2002. Mr. Lahri became Elantecs senior vice president
of technology and operations in April 2001. 

(14)

Includes shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 8, 2002 described in footnotes (5) through (13). 

INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO EACH ADDITIONAL PERSON WHO WILL SERVE AS A 

DIRECTOR OR EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF INTERSIL 

Mr. Diller has been chairman of Elantecs board since 1997 and a director of Elantec since 1986. From November 1998 to July 2000, he served as
Elantecs president and chief executive officer. Mr. Diller was a founder of PMC-Sierra, Inc., a communications semiconductor company, was its president and chief executive officer from 1983 to 1997 and is currently its vice chairman of the
board. Mr. Diller has been a director of Sierra Wireless, a provider of wireless data communications hardware and software products, since 1993. In addition, Mr. Diller serves on the board of a privately held company. Mr. Diller holds a B.S. degree
in physics from the University of Rhode Island. 

Mr. Beyer has been Elantecs president, chief executive officer and a
director since July 2000. From January 1999 through July 2000, Mr. Beyer served as president, chief executive officer and a director at FVC.COM, Inc. From July 1996 through August 1998, Mr. Beyer served as president, chief operating officer, and
director of VLSI Technology, Incorporated. From June 1995 through June 1996, Mr. Beyer served as executive vice president and chief operating officer at National Semiconductor Corporation, and from February 1993 through May 1995, he held the
position of president of the communications and computing group of National Semiconductor Corporation. Prior to this, Mr. Beyer served in a number of senior managerial positions in the telecommunications and computer industries. Richard Beyer served
three years as an officer in the United States Marine Corps. In addition, Mr. Beyer serves on the board of a privately held company. He holds a B.S. degree and a M.S. degree in Russian from Georgetown University as well as a M.B.A. degree in
marketing and international business from Columbia University. 

Directors Compensation 

Directors who are not employees of Elantec, including Mr. Diller, receive cash compensation of $1,500 for each of Elantecs board of directors meetings attended. 

Mr. Diller receives compensation from Elantec for his services as chairman of the board. In February 2002, Mr. Diller was granted an option
to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock under Elantecs 1995 Directors Stock Option Plan, with these options vesting at 2.0833% per month. Mr. Diller currently has outstanding options to purchase a total of 835,000 shares of Elantec common
stock. From April 2001 through March 2002, he received $6,250 per month, full benefits, one-third of his possible management bonus of 1.7% of Elantecs pretax profit and continued vesting of all of his outstanding stock options. 

Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth all compensation awarded to, or earned or paid for services rendered in all capacities to Elantec and its subsidiaries during each of fiscal 1999, 2000 and 2001 by Mr. Beyer,
Elantecs president and chief executive officer. This information includes the dollar values of base salaries, bonus awards and restricted stock awards, the number of shares subject to stock options granted and certain other compensation, if
any, whether paid or deferred. Elantec does not grant SARs and has no long-term compensation benefits other than restricted stock awards and stock options. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Annual Compensation (1)

Long-Term

Compensation Awards

Name and Principal Position

Year

Salary ($)

Bonus ($) (2)

Restricted Stock Awards ($)

Securities Underlying Options (No. of Shares)

All Other Compensation

($) (3)

Richard M. Beyer (4)

President and Chief Executive
Officer

$

295,385

$

76,475

  

92,000

$

8,020

34,542

78,258

$

5,016,140

(5)

613,500

  

  

  

  

  

(1)

Perquisites are excluded, as their aggregate value did not meet the reporting threshold of the lesser of $50,000 or 10% of Mr. Beyers salary plus bonus. 

(2)

Represents bonuses earned for services rendered during the fiscal year listed, even if paid after the end of the fiscal year. 

(3)

Represents insurance premiums paid by Elantec with respect to term life insurance for the benefit of the chief executive officer and 401(k) employer matched contributions
totaling 2.5% of plan participants base salary. 

(4)

Mr. Beyer became Elantecs president, chief executive officer and a director in July 2000. 

(5)

Represents the value of 86,500 shares of restricted stock issued to Mr. Beyer on July 12, 2000 at an aggregate cost of $860 and an aggregate fair market value of $5,017,000 on
the date of issuance. Elantec has a right of repurchase on these shares that expires ratably over a five year period. 

Option
Grants in Fiscal 2001 

The following table sets forth information concerning individual stock option grants during the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 to Mr. Beyer, Elantecs president and chief executive officer. In accordance with the rules of the SEC, the table sets forth the hypothetical gains or option spreads that would exist for the
options at the end of their respective ten-year terms. These gains are based on assumed rates of annual compound stock appreciation of 5% and 10% from the date the option was granted to the end of the option terms. Actual gains, if any, on option
exercises are dependent on the future performance of Elantecs common stock and overall market conditions. There can be no assurance that the potential realizable values shown in this table will be achieved. 

Name

Individual Grants

Potential Realizable 

Value at
Assumed 

Annual Rates of 

Stock Price 

Appreciation 

For Option Term (4)

Number of Securities Underlying Options Granted (#) (1)

% of Total 

Options Granted

to Employees in 

Fiscal Year 

2001 (2)

Exercise

Price

($/Share) (3)

Expiration

Date 

5%($)

10%($)

Richard M. Beyer

90,000

4.8

%

$

40.50

01/16/2010

$

2,292,341

$

5,809,037

2,000

0.1

25.88

04/17/2010

32,552

82,490

(1)

Stock options vest as to 25% of the shares on the first anniversary of the date of grant and 1/48th of the total number of shares on a monthly basis. 

(2)

Elantec granted options to purchase 1,893,472 shares in fiscal 2001. There were 532,063 granted options canceled during the fiscal year due primarily to employee terminations.

(3)

Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of Elantecs common stock on the date of grant. 

(4)

The 5% and 10% assumed rates of annual compound stock price appreciation are mandated by rules of the SEC and do not represent Elantecs estimate or projection of future
common stock prices. 

The following table sets forth information concerning the number of shares acquired on
exercise of stock options, the value realized on such exercise, and the number and value of unexercised stock options held at September 30, 2001 by Mr. Beyer, Elantecs president and chief executive officer. 

Aggregated Option Exercises in Fiscal 2001 and September 30, 2001 Option Values 

Shares Acquired on Exercise

Value Realized (1)

Number of Securities

Underlying Unexercised

Options at 9/30/01

Value of Unexercised

In-the-Money Options

at 9/30/01 ($) (2)

Name

Exercisable

Unexercisable

Exercisable

Unexercisable

Richard M. Beyer

  

  

178,937

526,563

  

  

(1)

Value Realized represents the fair market value of the shares underlying the option on the date of exercise less the aggregate exercise price. 

(2)

These values, unlike the amounts set forth in the column entitled Value Realized, have not been and may never be realized. They are based on the positive spread
between the respective exercise prices of outstanding stock options and the fair market value of Elantecs common stock on September 30, 2001 ($22.95 per share). 

For information on Mr. Beyers employment agreement with Elantec, his Executive Change in Control Severance Benefits Agreement with Elantec and the terms of his understanding with
Intersil regarding his employment with Intersil, see The MergerInterests of Certain Persons in the Merger. 

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF INTERSIL COMMON STOCK AND 

ELANTEC COMMON STOCK 

Upon completion of the merger, holders of Elantec common stock will become entitled to receive Intersil Class A common stock. Both Intersil and Elantec are corporations organized under
the laws of the State of Delaware. 

The following is a summary of some material differences between the rights of holders of
Intersil common stock and the holders of Elantec common stock. These differences arise from differences between the Intersil certificate of incorporation, bylaws and shareholders agreement, on the one hand, and the Elantec certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, on the other hand. This summary is qualified by the full text of each document. For information as to how to get those documents, see Where You Can Find More Information. 

Authorized Capital Stock

Intersil.
    The authorized capital stock of Intersil consists of: (i) 300,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $.01 per share, (ii) 300,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $.01 per
share, and (iii) 100,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share. In general, shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are exchangeable one for the other on a share for share basis. 

Elantec
.    The authorized capital stock of Elantec consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $.01 per share. 

Voting Rights

Intersil.
     Holders of Intersil Class A common stock have cumulative voting rights. This means that at all elections of directors, each holder of Intersil
Class A common stock has the right to cast one vote for each share of Intersil Class A common stock held of record by such holder multiplied by the number of directors to be elected, and such holder may cast all of such votes for a single director
or may distribute them among the number to be voted for, or for any two or more of them as such holder may see fit. On all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of Intersil, each holder of Intersil Class A common stock has the right to
cast one vote for each share of Intersil Class A common stock held of record. Except as otherwise required by law, the holders of Intersil Class B common stock have no voting rights. Holders of Intersil common stock have no preemptive rights.

Elantec
.    Each holder of Elantec common stock is entitled to one vote per share on all matters
submitted to a vote of shareholders. Only holders of Elantec common stock are entitled to vote for the election of directors. Holders of Elantec common stock have no cumulative voting rights and no preemptive rights. 

Size of the Board of Directors 

Intersil.
    The certificate of incorporation of Intersil provides that the board of directors must have no fewer than three and no more than seven members and may not be divided into classes. The term of each
member of the board of directors expires at each annual shareholders meeting. Intersil shareholders are being asked to approve an amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation that would increase the maximum size of the board from
seven directors to eight. See Other Intersil Proposals for Shareholder ActionItem 1Approval of Amendment to Intersils Certificate of Incorporation. 

The bylaws of Intersil provide that the board of directors shall have the authority to determine the number of directors and fix the terms of office for the directors. 

Under the Intersil shareholders agreement, each of Intersils shareholders prior to its initial public offering agrees to take all
action necessary to ensure that (i) Intersils board of directors will be composed at all times of up to seven persons as follows: Intersils chief executive officer, one individual designated by Sterling, up to four

independent directors designated by Sterling and, in the event the board of directors includes four independent directors designated by Sterling, one additional individual designated by Sterling
(which position is currently vacant); (ii) any vacancy in the board of directors in a directorship subject to designation by Sterling shall be filled by Sterlings designee; and (iii) upon Sterlings written request, any director
designated by Sterling shall be removed (with or without cause) from the board of directors. Intersil expects that its shareholders agreement will be amended prior to completion of the merger to allow Intersils board of directors to
include Richard M. Beyer and James V. Diller from Elantecs board of directors. See Shareholders Agreement. 

Elantec.
    The bylaws of Elantec provide that the board of directors shall consist of one or more members as fixed from time to time by resolution of the board of directors. The term of each member of the board
of directors expires at each annual shareholders meeting. 

Removal of Directors; Vacancies

Intersil
.    The Intersil bylaws and certificate of incorporation are silent with respect to the removal of directors and the
filling of vacancies. Delaware law provides that any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors, except that if less
than the entire board is to be removed, no director may be removed without cause if the votes cast against such directors removal would be sufficient to elect such director if then cumulatively voted at an election of the entire board of
directors. Delaware law also provides that vacancies and newly created directorships may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office. These provisions of Delaware law control removal and vacancies except to the extent limited by the
Intersil shareholders agreement. See Size of the Board of Directors. 

Elantec
.    The Elantec bylaws provide that any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of
directors and any vacancy occurring in the board of directors for any cause, and any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors to be elected by all shareholders having the right to vote as a single
class, shall be filled only by a majority vote of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and any director so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of shareholders
and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. 

Meetings of Shareholders 

Intersil
.    The bylaws of Intersil provide that an annual meeting of shareholders shall be held at a time and place as may be designated by the board of
directors. The Intersil bylaws also provide that a special meeting of shareholders may be called at any time by the chief executive officer, the board of directors, or the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Intersil common stock
entitled to vote at the meeting. 

Elantec
.    The Elantec bylaws provide that each year an annual
meeting of shareholders shall be held at a time and place as may be designated by the board of directors. The Elantec bylaws also provide that a special meeting of shareholders may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the chief
executive officer, the president, or by a majority of the board of directors. If a special meeting of shareholders is called by any person or persons other than by a majority of the members of the board of directors, then such person or persons
shall call such meeting by delivering a written request to call such meeting to each member of the board of directors, and the board of directors shall then determine the time, date and place of such special meeting, which shall be held not more
than one hundred twenty (120) nor less than thirty-five (35) days after the written request to call such special meeting was delivered to each member of the board of directors. 

Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Intersil.
    The
bylaws of Intersil provide for indemnification of directors and officers, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law. In addition, the Intersil bylaws provide that Intersil will pay any expenses incurred

in defending any indemnified action, in advance, if a determination is made (i) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the
proceeding that resulted in the indemnification claim or (ii) by independent legal counsel if such quorum is not obtainable that idemnification or advancement of fees is permissible. 

Elantec.
    The certificate of incorporation of Elantec provides for indemnification of directors to the fullest extent permitted by existing or future law.

The bylaws of Elantec provide for indemnification of directors and officers and that Elantec will pay any expenses incurred in
defending any indemnified action, in advance; provided, however, that if Delaware law requires, the payment of expenses in advance shall be made only upon delivery of an undertaking by or on behalf of the indemnified party to repay all amounts
advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the indemnified party is not entitled to indemnification. Furthermore, Elantec is not required to advance any expenses to a person against whom the company brings a claim alleging that such person
has breached his or her duty of loyalty to the company, committed an act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or derived an improper personal benefit from a transaction. 

Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 

Intersil
.    The bylaws of Intersil provide that Intersil is not subject to the provisions of Section 203 of Delaware law regulating takeovers. 

Elantec
.    Elantec is subject to the provisions of Section 203 of Delaware law. Section 203 generally makes it more
difficult for a third party to take control of a company by prohibiting a third party owning more than 15% of the companys stock from entering into transactions with the company unless the board of directors or shareholders unaffiliated with
the third party approve either the third party becomes a 15% owner or the third party acquires at least 85% of the companys stock. 

Rights Plan

Intersil
.    Intersil does not have a shareholder rights plan and will not have a rights plan
after the merger is consummated. The Intersil certificate of incorporation provides that a shareholder rights plan can be adopted with the consent of a majority of the board of directors or the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Elantec
.    Elantec has entered into a rights agreement
with Mellon Investor Services LLC as rights agent pursuant to which each share of Elantec common stock is entitled to a right to purchase one two-hundredth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the company exercisable at
such time when a person or group of persons or the company publicly (i) announces that such person or persons have acquired or intend to acquire 20% or more of Elantec common stock or (ii) discloses facts indicating such acquisition. In connection
with the proposed merger, Elantec has amended its rights agreement to except Intersil from triggering such rights and to provide for the termination of such rights at the effective time of the merger. 

Action by Written Consent of Shareholders Without a Meeting 

Intersil.
    The certificate of incorporation of Intersil provides that any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders of the company may be taken by
written consent, without a meeting and without notice or a vote. 

Elantec.
    The Elantec bylaws
provide that any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders of the company may be taken by written consent, without a meeting or prior notice, and without a vote. Any shareholder seeking to take such action must
first, by written notice to the secretary of Elantec, request that the board fix a record date for such consent and provide a brief description of the proposed action. 

Amendment 

Intersil.
    Delaware law provides that Intersils certificate of incorporation may be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to
vote thereon. 

Under the provisions of Intersils certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the bylaws may be amended by the
affirmative vote of a majority of all directors in office or the holders of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote. 

Elantec.
    Delaware law provides that Elantecs certificate of incorporation may be amended by the affirmative vote of a holders of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote thereon. 

Under the provisions of Elantecs certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the board of directors and the shareholders of the company
holding a majority of the outstanding voting stock shall have the power to amend the bylaws. 

OTHER INTERSIL PROPOSALS FOR SHAREHOLDER ACTION 

Item 1

Approval of Amendment to Intersils Certificate of Incorporation 

Intersil shareholders are
being asked to approve an amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation. 

The Intersil board of directors has
approved an amendment to the Intersil certificate of incorporation that would increase the maximum size of the board from seven directors to eight. Approval of this amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation is conditioned on
completion of the merger between Intersil and Elantec. The board recommends that the shareholders vote to adopt this amendment. The proposed amendment will leave two vacancies on the Intersil board and will allow Intersil to add Messrs. Beyer and
Diller to the board to fill those vacancies. The text of the proposed amendment is included in the form of certificate of amendment to the certificate of incorporation attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex D. 

Purpose of the Increase in the Maximum Size of the Board 

The purpose of the increase in the maximum size of the board is to enable Intersil to appoint Messrs. Beyer and Diller to the Intersil board at the effective time of the merger. The Intersil board believes that adding
Messrs. Beyer and Diller to the Intersil board will assist in the integration of the two companies and serve to strengthen the Intersil board. In the merger agreement, Intersil agreed to take all action required to add Messrs. Beyer and Diller to
its board. 

In order to add both Messrs. Beyer and Diller to the Intersil board, without the resignation of one of the current
Intersil directors, an additional vacancy in the board must be created because the Intersil certificate of incorporation provides that the maximum size of the board is seven directors and, with six directors currently in office, there is currently
only one vacancy. An additional vacancy may be created either by increasing the maximum size of the board to eight directors or through the resignation of one of the current Intersil directors. The current vacancy in the Intersil board and this new
vacancy may then be filled by a nominee approved by a majority of the Intersil directors now in office. If this proposal is not approved, then upon completion of the merger, Intersils board of directors will consist of seven directors, two of
whom will be Messrs. Beyer and Diller. 

Effectiveness of the Amendment 

If this proposal is approved by holders of Intersil Class A common stock, the officers of Intersil will be authorized to file the certificate of amendment upon the completion of the
merger with Elantec. The amendment would become effective as soon as practicable after Intersil files the amendment to Intersils certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

Appraisal Rights of Dissenting Shareholders 

Shareholders have no right under Delaware law or Intersils certificate of incorporation or bylaws to exercise dissenters rights of appraisal with respect to the increase in the maximum size of the board. 

The Intersil board of directors has unanimously determined that the amendment to the certificate of incorporation is advisable and in the
best interests of Intersils shareholders and recommends that the Intersil shareholders vote FOR the proposal to amend Intersils certificate of incorporation. 

Item 2Election of Directors 

Intersils directors are elected at each annual
meeting and hold office until the next election. Intersils certificate of incorporation, and bylaws currently allow for a board of directors of not fewer than three and not more than seven members. Intersil is proposing to increase the maximum
number of directors to eight. The board has currently fixed the number of directors at six. Each of the six nominees is currently a director of Intersil. The person named on the accompanying form of proxy will vote the shares FOR the nominees,
unless you instruct otherwise. Each nominee has consented to stand for election, and the board does not anticipate that any nominee will be unavailable to serve. In the event that the proposal to amend Intersils certificate of incorporation to
increase the maximum number of directors to eight is not approved by Intersils Class A common shareholders, one of these directors may resign to permit Messrs. Beyer and Diller to become directors. However, there is no understanding regarding
which director might resign. In the event that one or more of the nominees should become unavailable to serve at the time of the annual meeting, the shares represented by proxy will be voted for the remaining nominees and any substitute nominee(s)
designated by the board. Shareholders may cumulate their votes for directors, and the director elections are then determined by a plurality of the votes cast. 

The following biographies provide a brief description of each nominees principal occupation and business experience, age (as of February 28, 2002) and directorships held in other
public corporations. 

Nominees

Positions and Offices held with Intersil

Gregory L. Williams

President, Chief Executive Officer, Director

Robert W. Conn

Director

Gary E. Gist

Director

Jan Peeters

Director

Robert N. Pokelwaldt

Director

James A. Urry

Director

Business Experience of Directors 

Gregory L. Williams, President, Chief Executive Officer, Director.
 Mr. Williams has been president and chief executive officer, and a
director, since Intersils inception in August 1999. From October 1998 to August 1999, Mr. Williams was president of the semiconductor business of Harris Corporation. From January 1998 to October 1998, Mr. Williams was vice president and
general manager of the Power Products Division of Harris. From 1984 to 1998, Mr. Williams served as vice president and assistant general manager of the Semiconductor Components Group, vice president and general manager of the Power Products
Division, and vice president and director of Automotive World Marketing of Motorola Semiconductor, and from 1977 to 1984, Mr. Williams served with General Electric Company. Mr. Williams is vice chairman of the Semiconductor Industry Association.
Age: 48 

Robert W. Conn, Director.
 Dr. Conn has been one of Intersils directors since April 2000. Dr. Conn
has been the dean of the Jacobs School of Engineering, University of California, San Diego, and the Walter J. Zable Endowed Chair in Engineering since 1994. Prior to joining the University of California, San Diego, Dr. Conn served as professor of
engineering and applied sciences and founding director of the Institute of Plasma and Fusion Research at the University of California, Los Angeles. Dr. Conn co-founded a semiconductor equipment company in 1986, Plasma & Materials Technologies,
now Trikon Technologies, and was chairman of the board through 1993. Dr. Conn is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, and recently served as a member of the Presidents Committee of Advisors on Science and Technology Panel on Energy
R&D Policy for the 21st Century, which service ended in 1998. Age: 59 

Gary E. Gist, Director.
 Mr. Gist has
been one of Intersils directors since Intersils inception in August 1999. Since 1995, Mr. Gist has served as the president and chief executive officer of Palomar Companies, LLC, a corporation made up of a diverse group of companies that
focus on designing and manufacturing electronic products including the following companies: Palomar Display Products, Inc., Palomar Products, Inc. and Palomar Technologies, Inc. From mid-1993 to 1995, he was division manager of the Technology
Products Division of Hughes Industrial Electronics Company. Prior to that, he was president of Transworld Communications. Age: 55 

Jan Peeters, Director.
 Mr. Peeters has been one of Intersils directors since
April 2000. Mr. Peeters is the founder, chairman, president, chief executive officer and a major shareholder of Olameter Inc., a data communications and site management provider, which he formed in 1998. Mr. Peeters was a founder of Fonorola Inc.,
where he held the position of president and chief executive officer since 1990 and the position of vice-chairman since 1994, until that company was sold to Call-Net Enterprises in June 1998. Mr. Peeters serves on the board of directors of Cogeco,
Inc. Age: 50 

Robert N. Pokelwaldt, Director.
 Mr. Pokelwaldt has been one of Intersils directors since
April 2000. Mr. Pokelwaldt retired in November 1999 as the chairman and chief executive officer of YORK International Corporation, an independent supplier of heating, ventilating, air conditioning and refrigeration products in the U.S. and
internationally. He became president and chief executive officer of YORK in 1991, and chairman of YORK in January 1993. Mr. Pokelwaldt joined YORK as president of Applied Systems Worldwide, a YORK Division, in 1988, and two years later was appointed
president and chief operating officer of YORK International. Mr. Pokelwaldt serves on the board of directors of Mohawk Industries, First Energy and Carpenter Technology. Age: 65 

James A. Urry, Director.
 Mr. Urry has been one of Intersils directors since Intersils inception in August 1999. Mr. Urry is a partner at Citicorp Venture Capital
Ltd., which is an affiliate of Intersil. He has been with Citicorp Venture Capital Ltd. since 1989. Prior to 1989, he was with Citibank, N.A. He is also a director of Airxcel, Inc., AMI Semiconductor and YORK International Corporation. Age: 48

Intersils board of directors recommends a vote FOR each of the nominees listed. 

Meetings of the Board 

The board of directors met 12 times and acted five times by unanimous written consent. Each director attended 75% or more of the total number of meetings of the board and committees on which he served. 

Committees of the Board 

The
Intersil board of directors has established two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. 

Audit Committee.
    The audit committee recommends the independent accountants to conduct the annual audit of the books and accounts of Intersil, and reviews the adequacy of the Intersils financial
reporting, accounting systems and controls. The audit committee also evaluates the Intersil internal and external auditing procedures. The audit committee met seven times during fiscal year 2001. The members of the audit committee from January 1,
2001 through April 6, 2001 were Chairman Gary E. Gist, Jan Peeters and Robert N. Pokelwaldt. From April 6, 2001 through the balance of fiscal year 2001, the members of the audit committee were Chairman Gary E. Gist, Robert W. Conn and Robert N.
Pokelwaldt. 

Compensation Committee.
    The compensation committee reviews and approves
salary and other compensation of officers and administers certain benefit plans. The compensation committee also has the authority to administer grant and make awards under Intersils equity compensation plans. The compensation committee met
three times during fiscal year 2001. The members of the compensation committee from January 1, 2001 through April 6, 2001 were Chairman James A. Urry, Gary E. Gist and Robert W. Conn. From April 6, 2001 through the balance of fiscal year 2001, the
members of the compensation committee were Chairman, James A. Urry, Gary E. Gist and Jan Peeters. 

Director Compensation and Other Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Directors who are also officers of Intersil or Citicorp Venture Capital Ltd. do not receive compensation for their services as directors. All other directors receive cash compensation in
the amount of $2,000 per board meeting and $1,000 per committee meeting physically attended or $500 per board or committee meeting telephonically attended, except for Gary E. Gist who, as committee chairman, receives $2,500 per audit committee
meeting physically attended and $750 per audit committee meeting telephonically attended. Directors also receive non-cash compensation of a one-time appointment grant of options to purchase 7,500 shares of Intersil Class A common stock (except for
Messrs. Urry and Gist) as well as an annual grant of options to purchase 7,500 shares of Intersil Class A common stock. All directors will be reimbursed for travel and other expenses incurred in attending meetings of the board of directors or its
committees. 

Item 3Ratification of Appointment of Independent Accountants 

The board of directors,
acting upon the recommendation of the audit committee, asks that the shareholders ratify the Boards reappointment of the firm of Ernst & Young LLP as independent accountants to examine the financial statements of Intersil for fiscal year
2002. 

Ernst & Young LLP has served as Intersils independent accountants since Intersils inception on
August 13, 1999. Services provided to Intersil in fiscal year 2001 include the examination of Intersils consolidated financial statements, reviews of quarterly reports, statutory audits of foreign subsidiaries, audits of benefit plans,
services related to the filings with the SEC and consultations on various tax, accounting, business combination analyses and business process matters. 

Ratification requires the affirmative vote of a majority of eligible shares present at the annual meeting, in person or by proxy, and voting thereon. Unless otherwise specified by the shareholders, the shares of stock
represented by the proxy will be voted FOR ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent accountants to audit and report upon the financial statements of Intersil for fiscal year 2002. If this appointment is not ratified by
shareholders, the Audit Committee may reconsider its recommendation. 

One or more representatives of Ernst & Young
LLP are expected to be at the annual meeting. They will have an opportunity to make a statement and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. 

The board of directors recommends a vote FOR ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the independent accountants for Intersil for fiscal year 2002.

Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors on the Financial Statements of the Company 

and the Independence of Intersils Auditors 

The following report of the audit committee does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
except to the extent that Intersil specifically incorporates this report by reference therein. 

The Audit Committee
(the Committee) oversees Intersils financial reporting process on behalf of Intersils board of directors. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process including the systems
of internal controls. 

In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Committee reviewed the audited financial
statements in the 2001 Annual Report with management, including a discussion of the quality, not just the acceptability, of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments and the clarity of disclosures in the financial
statements. 

The Committee reviewed with the independent auditors, who are responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those
financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, their judgments as to the quality, not just the acceptability, of Intersils accounting principles and such other matters as are required to be discussed
with the Committee under auditing standards generally accepted in the United States. In addition, the Committee has discussed with the independent auditors disclosures required by the Independence Standards Board and considered the
compatibility of nonaudit services with the auditors independence. 

The Committee discussed with Intersils
independent auditors the overall scope and plans for their audit. The Committee met with the independent auditors, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examination, their evaluation of Intersils internal
controls, and the overall quality of Intersils financial reporting. The Committee met seven times during fiscal year 2001 to carry out its responsibilities. The Committee schedules its meetings with a view to ensuring that it devotes
appropriate attention to all of its tasks. 

In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Committee
recommended to the Board of Directors (and the Board approved) that the audited financial statements be included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 52 weeks ended December 28, 2001 for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The
Committee and the Board have also recommended, subject to shareholder approval, the selection of Intersils independent auditors. 

ME

MBERS OF THE 2001 AUDIT COMMITTEE 

Ga

ry E. Gist, Chairman 

Ro

bert W. Conn 

Ro

bert N. Pokelwaldt 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed by Ernst & Young LLP for professional services
rendered for the audit of Intersils annual financial statements for the 52 weeks ended December 28, 2001 and the reviews of the financial statements included in the Intersils Forms 10-Q for that year were approximately $265,000.

Financial Information Systems Design and Implementation Fees 

No professional services were rendered or fees billed by Ernst & Young LLP for financial information systems design and implementation during the fiscal year. 

All Other Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed by Ernst & Young LLP for professional services rendered to Intersil, other than audit fees, for the 52 weeks ended December 28, 2001 were approximately $997,000, including audit related services of approximately $895,000
and nonaudit services of approximately $102,000. Audit related services generally include fees for business acquisitions and divestitures, accounting consultations and SEC registration statements. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION OF INTERSIL 

Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Intersil
Corporation For 

Fiscal Year 2001 

The
following report of the Intersil compensation committee does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing by Intersil under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, except to the extent that Intersil specifically incorporates this report by reference therein. 

Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation 

No member of the compensation committee during fiscal year 2001 was an
officer or employee of Intersil, or any of its subsidiaries, or was formerly an officer of Intersil or any of its subsidiaries. No member of the compensation committee had any relationship requiring disclosure by Intersil under any paragraph of Item
404 of Regulation S-K. Furthermore, no member of the compensation committee had a relationship that requires disclosure under Item 402(j)(3) of Regulation S-K. 

Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on Executive Compensation 

Role of Committee. 
The compensation committee of the board of directors establishes, oversees and directs Intersils executive compensation programs and policies and administers Intersils equity compensation plans. The
committee seeks to align executive compensation with Intersils objectives and strategies, management programs and business financial performance in order to enhance shareholder value. 

The committees objectives include (i) attracting and retaining exceptional individuals as senior executives and (ii) providing key executives with the incentive to perform
to the full extent of their abilities in an effort to maximize Intersils performance to deliver enhanced value to Intersils shareholders. The committee believes it is important to place a greater percentage of senior executives
compensation at risk than that of non-executives by tying senior executives compensation directly to the performance of the business and value of the common stock. Accordingly, executive compensation consists primarily of an annual salary,
bonuses linked to Intersils performance and long-term equity-based compensation. The committee considers the compensation programs impact on each operating business unit as well as the effect on growth, profitability, market position and
goals set for each year as well as changes in corporate market focus, strategic goals and key results expected (KREs) set for the next fiscal year. The committee reviews with management the business plans for the new fiscal year
and compares them to the prior year. 

Compensation. 
The annual salaries of Intersils senior executives are
set at levels designed to attract and retain exceptional individuals by rewarding them for individual and company achievements. The committee reviews the annual salary of each senior executive in relation to such executives performance,
previous salaries, general market and industry conditions or trends and makes appropriate adjustments. The committee reviews senior executives salaries annually to adjust such salaries based on each senior executives past performance,
expected future contributions, scope and nature of responsibilities, including changes in such responsibilities, and competitive compensation data relating to such senior executive. 

The committee believes that a portion of the executives compensation should be tied to the financial results of Intersils in order to reward individual performance and
overall company success. Each year, objective targets are established for each executive including Intersils financial targets, such as revenue, earnings and return on assets, as well as individual strategic and operating targets.

Intersil has employee stock option plans in order to offer key employees the opportunity to
acquire an equity interest in Intersil, thereby aligning the interests of these employees more closely with the long term interests of shareholders. Awards under these employee stock option plans may be in the form of options, restricted stock or
stock appreciation rights. Options, which have a fixed exercise price, vest over a four- or five-year period and have an exercise price equal to the market value of Intersil Class A common stock on the date of grant, were granted to senior
executives and other key employees in 1999. Similar options which vest over a four-year period were granted in 2000 and 2001. 

Fiscal Year 2001 President and Chief Executive Officer.
 The committee determined the fiscal year 2001 compensation of Mr. Williams, Intersils president and chief executive officer, in accordance with the above discussion.
Specifically, the committee utilized a base salary and an incentive bonus, with the bonus being based on his individual performance and his overall leadership and management of Intersil. The committee also issued Mr. Williams stock options which
vest over a period of four years. 

Deductibility of Compensation. 
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code
provides that publicly held companies may not deduct, in any taxable year, compensation paid to any of the individuals named in the Summary Compensation Table in excess of one million dollars that is not performance-based. The committee
believes that all of the compensation awarded to Intersils senior executives will be fully deductible in accordance with this limit. 

ME

MBERS OF THE 2001 

CO

MPENSATION COMMITTEE 

Jam

es A. Urry, Chairman 

Ga

ry E. Gist 

Jan

 Peeters 

Compensation Tables 

Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth, for fiscal year 2001,
for the six-month transition period ended December 29, 2000 and for fiscal year 2000, information regarding the cash compensation paid by Intersil, as well as other compensation paid or accrued for such year, to each of the executive officers of
Intersil named below, in all capacities in which they served. 

Summary Compensation Table

Dollars in thousands

Long-Term
Compensation

Name and Principal Position

Fiscal Year*

Annual Compensation

Awards

Payouts

All Other Compensation (6)

Salary

Bonus (1)

Other Annual Compensation (2)(3)(4)

Securities
Underlying Options(5)

LTIP Payouts

Gregory L. Williams

$

550.0

$

770.5

  

250,000

  

$

98.3

President and Chief

(S)

$

270.2

$

274.2

$

17.9

100,000

  

$

52.1

Executive Officer

$

399.6

$

577.7

$

430.1

140,000

  

$

29.3

Daniel J. Heneghan

$

300.0

$

348.2

  

100,000

  

$

45.1

Vice President, Chief

(S)

$

150.0

$

83.1

$

273.6

40,000

  

$

20.7

Financial Officer and

$

179.7

$

212.6

  

63,334

$

17.2

$

10.4

Assistant Secretary

Larry J. Ciaccia

$

225.0

$

165.4

  

80,000

  

$

30.4

Vice President and

(S)

$

110.4

$

105.8

  

25,000

  

$

15.9

General Manager,

$

147.4

$

149.6

  

63,334

  

$

0.3

Wireless Networking

Rick E. Furtney

$

205.3

$

204.7

  

80,000

  

$

30.3

Vice President and

(S)

$

98.6

$

85.5

  

25,000

  

$

3.9

General Manager,

$

121.7

$

31.3

  

23,334

  

$

13.5

High Performance Analog

Steven M. Moran

$

227.7

$

177.3

$

71.1

47,500

  

$

5.2

Vice President and

(S)

$

100.0

$

42.3

  

17,500

  

$

1.7

General Counsel and

$

83.1

$

50.0

$

68.0

23,334

  

$

0.2

Secretary

*

2001 is the fiscal year ended December 28, 2001, 2000(S) is the transition period which extended from July 1, 2000 through December 29, 2000 and 2000 is the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2000. 

(1)

This category includes the Executive Incentive Plan bonus for all officers. It also includes additional bonuses paid in fiscal year 2001 to Mr. Williams ($300,000), Mr.
Heneghan ($160,000), Mr. Ciaccia ($28,000), Mr. Furtney ($32,000) and Mr. Moran ($81,250). Fiscal year 2000 amounts reflect a disruption bonus for Mr. Heneghan of $25,000 and a signing bonus for Mr. Moran of $50,000. 

(2)

Except for Mr. Moran, none of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table received personal benefits in excess of $50,000 or 10% of annual salary and bonus
for fiscal year 2001. Mr. Morans personal benefit included a tax equalization payment ($68,136) and estate planning fees ($3,000). 

(3)

Except for Mr. Heneghan, none of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table received personal benefits in excess of $50,000 or 10% of annual salary and
bonus for the 2000(S) reporting period. Mr. Heneghans personal benefit included relocation expenses and applicable taxes associated with his relocation to the corporate offices in Irvine, CA. 

(4)

Except for Mr. Williams, none of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table received personal benefits in excess of $50,000 or 10% of annual salary and
bonus for fiscal year 2000. Mr. Williamss personal benefit included relocation expenses and applicable taxes associated with his relocation to the corporate offices in Irvine, CA. 

(5)

All stock options were granted under the Intersil Corporation 1999 Equity Compensation Plan. The stock option grants terminate ten years from date of grant. Grants issued prior
to August 2000 vest over a five year period20% upon each of the first five anniversary dates of the grant. Grants issued from August 2000 to date, including those reflected in the table for fiscal year 2001, vest over a four year
period25% upon each of the first four anniversary dates of the grantas authorized by the Compensation Committee of the Intersil Board of Directors. 

(6)

Amounts reported reflect contributions and allocations to defined contribution retirement plans and the value of insurance premiums for term life insurance and disability
insurance. 

Stock Options 

The
following table provides information concerning stock options granted to the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table during fiscal year 2001. 

Fiscal Year 2001 Option/SAR Grants 

Individual Grants

Potential Realizable Value at Assumed Annual Rates of Stock Price Appreciation for Option Term (4)

Number of Securities Underlying Options (1)

Percentage
of All Options Granted to All Employees
in Period (2)

Exercise
Price

Expiration
Date (3)

5%

10%

Gregory L. Williams

50,000

2.3

%

$

21.25

01/02/2011

$

668,201

$

1,693,351

50,000

2.3

%

$

15.00

04/02/2011

$

471,671

$

1,195,307

75,000

3.4

%

$

34.50

07/02/2011

$

1,627,265

$

4,123,809

75,000

3.4

%

$

26.29

10/01/2011

$

1,240,023

$

3,142,462

Daniel J. Heneghan

20,000

0.9

%

$

21.25

01/02/2011

$

267,280

$

677,341

20,000

0.9

%

$

15.00

04/02/2011

$

188,668

$

478,123

30,000

1.4

%

$

34.50

07/02/2011

$

650,906

$

1,649,523

30,000

1.4

%

$

26.29

10/01/2011

$

496,009

$

1,256,985

Larry J. Ciaccia

12,500

0.6

%

$

21.25

01/02/2011

$

167,050

$

423,338

12,500

0.6

%

$

15.00

04/02/2011

$

117,918

$

298,827

27,500

1.3

%

$

34.50

07/02/2011

$

596,664

$

1,512,063

27,500

1.3

%

$

26.29

10/01/2011

$

454,675

$

1,152,236

Rick E. Furtney

12,500

0.6

%

$

21.25

01/02/2011

$

167,050

$

423,338

12,500

0.6

%

$

15.00

04/02/2011

$

117,918

$

298,827

27,500

1.3

%

$

34.50

07/02/2011

$

596,664

$

1,512,063

27,500

1.3

%

$

26.29

10/01/2011

$

454,675

$

1,152,236

Stephen M. Moran

8,750

0.4

%

$

21.25

01/02/2011

$

116,935

$

296,336

8,750

0.4

%

$

15.00

04/02/2011

$

82,542

$

209,179

15,000

0.7

%

$

34.50

07/02/2011

$

325,453

$

824,762

15,000

0.7

%

$

26.29

10/01/2011

$

248,005

$

628,492

(1)

These options vest in twenty-five percent increments on the first four anniversaries of the grant date. 

(2)

A total of 2,197,575 options were granted to Intersil employees under the Intersil 1999 Equity Compensation Plan during the fiscal year ended December 28, 2001. 

(3)

The options will expire ten years after the grant date. 

(4)

Represents the potential realizable value of the underlying shares of Intersil common stock at the expiration date based on an assumed annual appreciation rate of 5% and 10%,
set by the SEC. The amounts shown are not intended to forecast future appreciation in the price of Intersil Class A common stock. 

The following table sets forth information regarding the number and value of options held
by the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table at the end of fiscal year 2001. 

Aggregated Option/SAR
Exercises in Last Fiscal Year 

and Fiscal Year-End Option/SAR Values* 

Number of Securities
Underlying Unexercised
Options at Year-End

Net Value of Unexercised
In-the-Money Options at
Year-End (1)

Exercisable

Unexercisable

Exercisable

Unexercisable

Gregory L. Williams

68,142

437,000

$

648,951

$

3,087,650

Daniel J. Heneghan

25,695

180,668

$

191,281

$

1,286,112

Larry J. Ciaccia

18,916

149,418

$

110,194

$

1,033,962

Rick E. Furtney

10,916

117,418

$

40,594

$

755,562

Stephen M. Moran

9,040

79,294

$

40,594

$

546,124

*

Columns for Shares Acquired on Exercise and Value Realized are not applicable and have been omitted. 

(1)

Reflects net pre-tax amounts determined by subtracting the exercise price from $33.70 per share, the fair market value of common stock at the end of fiscal year 2001.

Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment and Change in Control Arrangements 

Employment Agreement with Gregory L. Williams
.  Intersil entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Williams for him to serve as Intersils chief executive officer. His employment agreement provides for an
annual base salary of $550,000, subject to increases and annual performance bonuses at the discretion of the Intersil board of directors, and reimbursement for reasonable business expenses, legal expenses and tax and estate planning expenses. The
agreement also provides for Mr. Williams to receive Intersils standard benefits. The term of the agreement is for 60 months from August 13, 1999, subject to automatic renewal for successive one year terms unless either Intersil or Mr. Williams
gives prior notice of non-renewal. However, Mr. Williams may in his sole discretion resign upon 90 days notice. Mr. Williams is subject to a non-competition covenant during the term of the agreement and for a period of one year following termination
or expiration of the agreement. Mr. Williams is not required to relocate to a place of employment more than 20 miles from Irvine, California without his written consent. 

If Mr. Williams is terminated without cause (which includes resignation after a demotion), he will receive: 



full vesting of his stock options (with the full option term to exercise such options); 



a payment equal to 100% of his base salary and target performance bonus for the year of termination, which is to be paid within 14 days of the termination; and 



continued participation in the Intersil group insurance plans for him and his eligible family members for one year after the termination. 

Following a change in control of Intersil, if Mr. Williams employment is terminated by Intersil or Mr. Williams in connection with the change in
control, or he notifies Intersil of his resignation within 90 days after the change in control, he will receive: 



full vesting of his stock options (with the full option term to exercise such options); and 



a payment equal to 300% of his base salary and target performance bonus for the year of termination or resignation, which is to be paid within 14 days of the later of the
change in control or Intersils receipt of Mr. Williams notice of resignation. 

Furthermore, if Mr. Williams is employed by Intersil at the time of a change in control, or was terminated without
cause (which includes a demotion) within the preceding six months before a change in control, his stock options will immediately vest. A change in control means: 



the sale or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or more transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of Intersil or its
affiliates to any person or group; 



the consummation of any transaction or transactions (including any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person or group, other than Citicorp Venture Capital
Ltd., CCT Partners VI, LP and their affiliates, becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more (A) than 50% of the voting stock of Intersil or (B) of the common stock of Intersil than Citicorp Venture Capital Ltd., CCT Partners
VI, LP and their affiliates; or 



the adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of Intersil. 

If Mr. Williams resigns within 30 days of a demotion in connection with a significant acquisition or business combination transaction (including any merger or consolidation) that does
not result in a change in control, he will receive: 



full vesting of his stock options (with the full option term to exercise such options); and 



a payment equal to 300% of his base salary and target performance bonus for the year of resignation, which is to be paid in three installments over two years 

If any of the benefits Mr. Williams would receive under this agreement are subject to excise tax, then
Mr. Williams will receive an additional amount equal to the excise tax and any tax owed by Mr. Williams on this additional amount. 

Employment Agreement with Daniel J. Heneghan
.  Intersil entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Heneghan for him to serve as Intersils vice president and chief financial officer. His
employment agreement provides for an annual base salary of $300,000, subject to increases and annual performance bonuses at the discretion of the Intersil board of directors, and reimbursement for reasonable business expenses, legal expenses and tax
and estate planning expenses. The agreement also provides for Mr. Heneghan to receive Intersils standard benefits. The term of the agreement is for 36 months from March 16, 2001, subject to automatic renewal for successive one year terms
unless either Intersil or Mr. Heneghan gives prior notice of non-renewal. Mr. Heneghan also has the option to extend his employment term for an additional year if a change in control of Intersil occurs within three months before or after the
end of his employment term. Furthermore, Mr. Heneghan may in his sole discretion resign upon 90 days notice. Mr. Heneghan is subject to a non-competition covenant during the term of the agreement and for a period of one year following termination or
expiration of the agreement. Mr. Heneghan is not required to relocate to a place of employment more than 20 miles from Irvine, California without his written consent. 

If Mr. Heneghan is terminated without cause (which includes resignation after a demotion), he will receive: 



full vesting of his stock options (with the full option term to exercise such options); 



a payment equal to 200% of his base salary and target performance bonus for the year of termination, which is to be paid over 24 months; and 



continued participation in the Intersil group insurance plans for him and his eligible family members for one year after the termination. 

However, if Mr. Heneghan is terminated without cause (which includes a demotion) within six months before or 12 months after a change in control, he will receive
this cash amount within 14 days of the later of such termination or change in control. Furthermore, in the event of a change in control, if Mr. Heneghan is employed by Intersil at the time of the change in control, or was terminated without cause
(which includes a demotion)

within the preceding six months before the change in control, his stock options will vest and he will have the full option term to exercise such options. In Mr. Heneghans agreement, a
change in control has the same definition as in Mr. Williams agreement. However, Intersil is preparing to enter into an amendment to Mr. Heneghans employment agreement that would also state that any change in control under the executive
change in control severance benefits agreements to be entered into with certain other named executive officers of Intersil would be a change in control under Mr. Heneghans employment agreement. The terms of these agreements have not yet been
finalized. If any of the benefits Mr. Heneghan would receive under this agreement are subject to excise tax, then Mr. Heneghan will receive an additional amount covering the excise tax and any tax owed by Mr. Heneghan on this additional amount.

Other Change in Control Arrangements
.  Intersil has an equity compensation plan and related stock
option agreements with Messrs. Ciaccia, Furtney and Moran that provide for full vesting of all of the executive's stock options if within six months before or 12 months after a change in control the executive's employment is involuntarily terminated
without cause or the executive voluntarily terminates his employment for good reason. The executive will also then have the shorter of a period of 24 months or the remaining term of the option to exercise such options. Good reason means
a termination of employment at the executives initiative following the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 



a material diminution of the executives duties, responsibilities, title or reporting lines as they existed immediately prior to the change of control; 



a reduction in the executives annual salary, incentive compensation or other employee benefits; 



any failure to secure the agreement of any successor corporation or other entity to Intersil to fully assume Intersils obligations under these agreements or the Intersil
1999 Equity Compensation Plan; 



a relocation of the executives principal place of employment to a location that increases by more than 50 miles the distance the executive is required to commute from his
primary residence immediately prior to the change in control, unless such relocation is to Intersils west coast headquarters located in Irvine, California; or 



any material unremedied breach by Intersil of the terms and conditions of these agreements or the Intersil 1999 Equity Compensation Plan. 

Change in control means the happening of any of the following: 



any person, other than (a) Intersil or any of its subsidiaries, (b) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of Intersil or any of its
subsidiaries, (c) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, (d) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of Intersil in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of
stock of Intersil, (e) a participant or any group, or (f) Intersil's original shareholders or their affiliates is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of Intersil (not including in the securities beneficially owned
by such person any securities acquired directly from the Intersil or its subsidiaries) representing more than 25% of either the then outstanding shares of Intersil common stock or the combined voting power of Intersil's then outstanding securities;



the incumbent directors, which are the individuals who serve on Intersils board of directors as of the effective date of Intersils 1999 Equity Compensation Plan or
individuals whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the incumbent directors then constituting the board, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the board; 



the consummation of a merger or consolidation of Intersil in which the shareholders of Intersil immediately prior to such merger or consolidation, would not, immediately after
the merger or consolidation, beneficially own, directly or indirectly, shares representing in the aggregate 50% or more of the combined voting power of the securities of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the merger or consolidation (or
of its ultimate parent corporation, if any); or 



the Intersil shareholders approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Intersil, or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the
Intersil of all or substantially all of Intersil's assets, other than a sale or disposition by Intersil of all or substantially all of Intersil's assets to an entity, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are
owned by persons in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of Intersil immediately prior to such sale. 

Retirement and Savings Program 

Intersil provides retirement benefits to substantially all employees
primarily through a retirement plan having profit-sharing and savings elements. Contributions by Intersil to the retirement plan are based on profits and employees savings with no other funding requirements. Intersil is able to make additional
contributions to the fund at its discretion. 

The savings element of the retirement plan is a defined contribution
plan, which is qualified under Internal Revenue Service Code Section 401(k). All employees of Intersil may elect to participate in the 401(k) retirement plan (the 401(k) plan). Under the 401(k) plan, participating employees may defer a
portion of their pretax earnings up to certain limits prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service. Intersil provides matching contributions under the provisions of the plan. Employees fully vest in Intersils matching contributions upon the
completion of seven years of service. 

Retirement benefits also include an unfunded limited healthcare plan for
U.S.-based retirees and employees on long-term disability. Intersil accrues the estimated cost of these medical benefits, which are not material, during an employees active service life. 

Stock Performance Graph 

Comparison of
Seven Quarter Cumulative Total Return Among Intersil Corporation, The Nasdaq Composite and The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index 

The following graph presents a comparison of Intersils Class A common stock performance with that of the NASDAQ Composite and the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index from February 24, 2000 through December 28,
2001. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL 

OWNERS AND DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF INTERSIL 

The following table sets forth information as of March 1, 2002 with respect to shares of each class of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each
person or group that is known to Intersil to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of each class of outstanding common stock, (ii) each director and named executive officer of Intersil and (iii) all directors and executive officers of Intersil as
a group. Unless otherwise specified, all shares are directly held. In general, each share of Intersil Class A common stock is convertible into one share of Intersil Class B Common Stock, and each share of Intersil Class B common stock is convertible
into one share of Intersil Class A common stock. This table does not include shares of Intersil Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the warrants issued in connection with the 13.5% Subordinated Holding PIK Note. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person owning more than 5% of the Intersils outstanding shares is c/o Intersil
Corporation, 7585 Irvine Center Drive, Suite 100, Irvine CA 92618. 

Class A
Common Stock (1)

Class B
Common Stock (2)

Combined

Shares Owned

Percent (3)

Shares
Owned

Percent (3)

Shares
Owned

Percent (4)

FMR Corp. (5)

13,560,004

14.96

%

  

  

13,560,004

12.68

%

Sterling Holding Company, LLC (6)

2,004,244

2.21

%

16,282,475

%

18,286,719

17.11

%

Gregory L. Williams (7)

1,667,482

1.84

%

  

  

1,667,482

1.56

%

Daniel J. Heneghan (8)

307,449

*

  

  

307,449

*

Lawrence J. Ciaccia (9)

274,488

*

  

  

274,488

*

Rick Furtney (10)

107,098

*

  

  

107,098

*

Stephen M. Moran (11)

35,708

*

  

  

35,708

*

James A. Urry (12)

39,524

*

  

  

39,524

*

Gary E. Gist (13)

49,674

*

  

  

49,674

*

Robert W. Conn (14)

15,000

*

  

  

15,000

*

Jan Peeters (14)

15,000

*

  

  

15,000

*

Robert N. Pokelwaldt (14)

15,000

*

  

  

15,000

*

All directors and executive officers
as a group (13 persons)

2,701,475

2.98

%

  

  

2,701,475

2.53

%

  * 

 Represents less than 1% 

  (1)

Does not include shares of Intersil Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Intersil Class B common stock. A holder of Intersil Class B common stock may convert any or
all of his shares into an equal number of shares of Intersil Class A common stock, provided that such conversion would be permitted only to the extent that the holder of shares to be converted would be permitted under applicable law to hold the
total number of shares of Intersil Class A common stock which would be held after giving effect to the conversion. 

  (2)

Does not include shares of Intersil Class B common stock issuable upon conversion of Intersil Class A common Stock. A holder of Intersil Class A common stock may convert any or
all of his shares into an equal number of shares of Intersil Class B common stock. 

  (3)

Percentages are derived using the number of shares of Intersil Class A or Intersil Class B common stock and all common stock outstanding as of February 28, 2002. 

  (4)

Percentages are derived using the total number of shares of Intersil Class A and Intersil Class B common stock outstanding as of February 28, 2002. 

  (5)

Based solely on information obtained from a Schedule 13G amendment filed by FMR Corp. on February 14, 2002. The address of FMR Corp. is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, MA 02109.

  (6)

Citicorp Venture Capital Ltd. owns an interest in Sterling, but disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares reported herein. The address of Sterling Holding Company, LLC is
c/o Citicorp Venture Capital Ltd., 399 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022 

  (7)

Includes 1,577,542 shares owned by Gregory L. Williams and Linda M. Williams. Includes 21,798 shares owned by DLJSC, as Trustee for Gregory L. Williams IRA Account. Includes
currently exercisable options to purchase 68,142 shares of our Class A common stock. 

  (8)

Includes 281,754 shares owned by Daniel J. Heneghan and Barbara Heneghan. Includes currently exercisable options to purchase 25,695 shares of Intersil Class A common stock.

  (9)

Includes 185,570 shares owned by Lawrence J. Ciaccia and Marcia R. Ciaccia, 66,668 shares owned by the Lawrence J. Ciaccia and Marcia R. Ciaccia Trust dated 1/20/00 and 3,334
shares owned by Joseph Ciaccia. Includes currently exercisable options to purchase 18,916 shares of Intersil Class A common stock. 

(10)

Includes currently exercisable options to purchase 10,916 shares of Intersil Class A common stock. 

(11)

Includes currently exercisable options to purchase 9,040 shares of Intersil Class A common stock. 

(12)

James A. Urry, a director of Intersil, is affiliated with Sterling in the capacities described under Election of directorsNominees and footnote 5 above. Mr.
Urry disclaims beneficial ownership of all shares held by Sterling, which he may be deemed to beneficially own as a result of his affiliation with Sterling, except for those shares reported for Mr. Urry. Includes currently exercisable options to
purchase 7,500 shares of Intersil Class A common stock. 

(13)

Includes 37,825 shares owned by Gary E. Gist and Kristin Gist. Includes currently exercisable options to purchase 7,500 shares of Intersil Class A common stock. 

(14)

Includes currently exercisable options to purchase 15,000 shares of Intersil Class A common stock. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND KEY EMPLOYEES OF INTERSIL 

The executive officers and key employees
of Intersil are as follows: 

Gregory L. Williams, President, Chief Executive Officer, Director. 
Mr. Williams is
described above as a nominee for director. 

Daniel J. Heneghan, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Assistant Secretary. 
From 1996 to August 1999, Mr. Heneghan was vice president and controller of the semiconductor business at Harris Corporation. From 1994 to 1996, Mr. Heneghan was vice president of digital products of the semiconductor
business at Harris. Mr. Heneghan also served at various times as division controller of the semiconductor business at Harris, director of planning at Harris, director of finance at Harris and senior financial analyst with Royal Crown Cola. Age: 46

Lawrence J. Ciaccia, Vice President, General Manager, Wireless Access. 
From February 1998 to December
1999, Mr. Ciaccia was vice president and director of engineering for the PRISM

 Wireless Products business at Harris.
From 1997 to 1998, Mr. Ciaccia was director of strategic and product marketing for the multimedia products business at Harris. Mr. Ciaccia also served at various times from 1993 to 1997 as director of engineering for several different semiconductor
businesses at Harris. Age: 43 

Rick E. Furtney, Vice President, General Manager, High Performance Analog.

From 1999 until July 2000, Mr. Furtney was vice president for power management products. From 1997 until 1999 Mr. Furtney was director of marketing for Harris. From 1985 through 1997, Mr. Furtney held numerous management positions in engineering
and marketing at Harris. Age: 42 

Frank J. Effler, Jr., Vice President, Worldwide Sales. 
Mr. Effler
joined Intersil January 2002. Prior to joining Intersil, Mr. Effler was the vice president of worldwide sales for ESS Technology. Since 1982, Mr. Effler has served in various other sales and marketing positions at Hitachi America, Toshiba America
Electronic Components, International Microelectronic Products, Signetics and National Semiconductor. Age: 55 

Julie B. Forbes, Vice President, Human Resources. 
Ms. Forbes joined Intersil in August 1999. Prior to joining Intersil, Ms. Forbes was the vice president and director of human resources for the Satellite Communications Group of
Motorola from 1998 to 1999. From 1992 until 1998, Ms. Forbes served in various other human resources positions in the Semiconductor Products Sector of Motorola. Age: 44 

Stephen M. Moran, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. 
Mr. Moran joined Intersil in January of 2000. Prior to joining Intersil, Mr. Moran served with Toshiba America,
Inc. from September 1996 until January 2000 and served as the vice president and general counsel for Toshiba America Electronic Components, Inc. (Toshiba Americas Semiconductor Company) from January 1998 to January 2000. From March 1992 until
September 1996, Mr. Moran was the general counsel of ITT Cannon, Inc., an ITT Industries corporation. Age: 45 

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE OF INTERSIL 

The rules of the SEC
require Intersil to disclose late filings of stock transaction reports by its executive officers and directors. Based solely on a review of reports filed by Intersil on these individuals behalf and written representations from them that no
other reports were required, all Section 16(a) filing requirements have been met during the fiscal year ended December 28, 2001. 

SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT 

The Intersil board of directors currently consists of up to
seven directors, determined as follows: the chief executive officer who is currently Gregory L. Williams, one individual designated by Sterling Holding Company, LLC (Sterling) who is currently James A. Urry, up to four independent
directors designated by Sterling (to the extent permitted by applicable law as determined in Sterlings sole discretion) who are currently Robert W. Conn, Gary E. Gist, Jan Peeters and Robert N. Pokelwaldt and, in the event the board includes
four independent directors designated by Sterling, one additional individual designated by Sterling which position is currently vacant. The shareholders agreement will be amended, effective upon completion of the merger, to allow for an
increase in the maximum number of directors to eight, by increasing the number of independent directors designated by Sterling to five. The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Intersil Class A common stock (including any shares of
Intersil Class A common stock held by Sterling) have the right to veto the election of any independent directors designated by Sterling. Under the shareholders agreement, each of the companies shareholders prior to the initial public
offering (owning in the aggregate as of March 1, 2002 about 13,230,000 shares, or about 19% of the outstanding Intersil Class A common stock, our only class of voting stock, and 16,282,475 shares, or 100%, of Intersil Class B common stock which
are convertible into shares of Intersil Class A common stock on a one-to-one basis) agrees to take all action necessary (including voting his, her or its shares, calling special meetings and executing and delivering written consents) to ensure that
the board of directors will be composed at all times as described in this paragraph. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS OF INTERSIL 

In June 2000, Intersil
sold its assembly and test facilities in Malaysia along with related intellectual property to ChipPAC in exchange for $52.5 million in cash and preferred stock of ChipPAC that has an aggregate liquidation preference of $17.5 million. Intersil also
assigned to ChipPAC patents, copyrights and technical information used exclusively in or associated exclusively with the assembly and test facilities in Malaysia and granted ChipPAC a worldwide, nonexclusive, royalty-free license under other of our
patents, copyrights and technical information that is also used in or related to the operation of the assembly and test facilities in Malaysia. Any intellectual property rights in the bonding diagrams, test programs, mask works and test boards
uniquely related to Intersils products for which ChipPAC will provide packaging and test services under the supply agreement are licensed to ChipPAC only for use in providing those services. Intersil also entered into a long term joint
services agreement with ChipPAC in connection with the sale under which each party is required to assist the other in a smooth transition of each partys operations following the sale. 

Under Intersils supply agreement with ChipPAC, Intersil has agreed to continue to use the Malaysian facility to provide 100% (until June 30, 2003), 90% (from July 1, 2003
to June 30, 2004) and 80% (from July 1, 2004 to June 30, 2005) of Intersils semiconductor package configuration assembly and test requirements for all products assembled and tested at the Malaysian facility on the date of the supply agreement
and any new or additional products Intersil may develop after that date. In addition, ChipPAC will ensure that Intersil is allocated 100% of the utilized capacity that was in place on the date of the supply agreement. One of the principal
shareholders of ChipPAC is an affiliate of Sterling, one of Intersils principal shareholders. The terms of the agreements listed above were the result of arms-length negotiations and in Intersils opinion are no less favorable to Intersil
than those that could be obtained from non-affiliated parties. 

On March 16, 2001, Intersil sold the assets of its discrete power products business to
Fairchild Semiconductor, Inc. for approximately $338 million in cash and the assumption by Fairchild of certain liabilities of the product group. An affiliate of Sterling is the beneficial owner of approximately 25.3% of the outstanding capital
stock of Fairchild. The terms of this transaction were the result of arms-length negotiations and in Intersils opinion are no less favorable to Intersil than those that could be obtained from a non-affiliated party. 

OTHER BUSINESS 

Intersil is not aware of any other matters that will be presented for
shareholder action at the annual meeting. If other matters are properly introduced, the person named in the accompanying proxy will vote the shares they represent in accordance with their judgment. 

SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 

Future Shareholder Proposals of Intersil 

Shareholders interested in submitting a proposal for inclusion in the proxy materials for Intersils annual meeting of shareholders in 2003 may do so by following the
procedures prescribed in SEC Rule 14a-8. To be eligible for inclusion, Intersils Secretary must receive shareholder proposals no later than December 5, 2002. 

For any proposal that is not submitted for inclusion in Intersils proxy material for the 2003 annual meeting of shareholders but is instead sought to be presented directly at that
meeting, Rule 14a-4(c) under the Exchange Act permits Intersils management to exercise discretionary voting authority under proxies it solicits unless Intersil is notified about the proposal on or before 45 days prior to April 8, 2003, if the
proposal relates to the nomination of one or more persons for election as a director, or on or before 30 days prior to April 8, 2003, if the proposal relates to any other matter, and in each case if the shareholder satisfies the other requirements
of Rule 14a-4(c). 

Future Shareholder Proposals of Elantec 

If the merger is not completed, Elantec will convene a 2003 annual meeting of shareholders. Shareholder proposals for inclusion in Elantecs proxy statement and form of proxy
relating to Elantecs annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2003 must be received by September 1, 2002. Shareholders wishing to bring a proposal before the annual meeting for 2003 (but not include it in the Elantecs proxy
materials) must provide written notice of such proposal to the Secretary of Elantec at the principal executive offices of the company after September 17, 2002 but no later than October 17, 2002. 

LEGAL MATTERS 

The validity of the shares of Intersil Class A common stock offered by this joint
proxy statement/prospectus will be passed upon for Intersil by Dechert, counsel for Intersil. It is a condition to the completion of the merger that Elantec receive an opinion from Fenwick & West LLP and that Intersil receive an opinion from
Dechert to the effect that, among other things, the merger will be a reorganization for federal income tax purposes. 

EXPERTS 

The consolidated financial statements and the related financial statement schedule appearing
in Intersil Corporations Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2001, incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent certified public accountants, as set forth
in their report thereon and incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Such consolidated financial statements and related financial statement schedule are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in
reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 

The consolidated financial
statements and the related consolidated financial statement schedule of Elantec Semiconductor, Inc. incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference from Elantec Semiconductor, Inc.s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended September 30, 2001 have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their report dated October 22, 2001, which is incorporated herein by reference, and have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of
such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. 

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 

Intersil and Elantec file annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Copies of the reports, proxy statements and other information may be inspected and copied at the following public reference facilities maintained by the SEC: 

Judiciary Plaza

Citicorp Center

Room 1024

500 West Madison Street

450 Fifth Street, NW

Suite 1400

Washington, D.C. 20549

Chicago, Illinois 60661

Copies of these materials can also be obtained by mail at prescribed rates
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20549 or by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a Web site that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding Intersil. The
address of the SEC Web site is www.sec.gov. These materials may also be inspected at the offices of the National Association of Securities Dealers, 1735 K Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20006. 

Intersil filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the SEC the issuance of Intersil Class A common stock in the merger. This joint proxy statement/prospectus
is a part of that registration statement and constitutes a prospectus of Intersil in addition to being a proxy statement of Intersil and Elantec for their shareholder meetings. As permitted by SEC rules, this joint proxy statement/prospectus does
not contain all the information that you can find in the registration statement or the exhibits to that registration statement. 

The SEC allows Intersil and Elantec to incorporate by reference information into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed
separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this document, except for any information superseded by information in this document. This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the
documents set forth below that Intersil and Elantec has previously filed with the SEC. These documents contain important information about Intersil and Elantec and their financial performance. 

Intersil SEC Filings (File No. 000-29617)

Period

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 (filing dated March 8, 2002)

Current Reports on Form 8-K

Filing dated March 12, 2002

Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A

Filing dated April 27, 2001

Description of Intersil Capital Stock included in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on February 18, 2000 under Section
12(g) of the Exchange Act including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description

Filing dated February 18, 2000

Elantec SEC Filings (File No. 000-26690)

Period

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 (filing dated December 26, 2001)

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

Quarter ended December 30, 2001 (filing dated February 13, 2002)

Current Reports on Form 8-K

Filing dated March 13, 2002

Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A

Filing dated December 28, 2001

Description of Elantec Common Stock on Form 8-A

Filing dated August 29, 1995

Description of Elantec Preferred Stock purchase rights on Form 8-A

Filing dated September 16, 1998

Intersil and Elantec are also incorporatin