URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1082506/000095016802001664/0000950168-02-001664.txt

:		1495 CANYON BLVD
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3033813000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1495 CANYON BLVD
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80302

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OPENWAVE SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001082506
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				943219054
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 CHESAPEAKE DRIVE
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505620200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 CHESAPEAKE DRIVE
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHONE COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990504

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNWIRED PLANET INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990324

SC TO-T

dsctot.htm

SCHEDULE TO-T

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- SCHEDULE TO-T

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549 

SCHEDULE TO 

(Rule 14d-100) 

Tender Offer Statement Under Section 14(d)(1) 

or Section 13(e)(1)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION 

(Name of Subject Company
(Issuer)) 

SAPPHIRE ACQUISITION CORP., 

a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Openwave Systems Inc. 

and 

OPENWAVE
SYSTEMS INC. 

(Name of Filing Persons (Offeror)) 

COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.001 PER SHARE 

(Title of Class of Securities) 

82668M 10 2 

(CUSIP Number of Class of Securities) 

Steve Peters, Esq. 

Vice President, General Counsel 

Openwave Systems Inc. 

1400 Seaport Boulevard 

Redwood City, CA 94063 

(650) 480-8000 

(Name, address and telephone number of person authorized to receive 

notices and communications on behalf of filing persons)

With Copy to: 

Kenton J. King, Esq. 

Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP

525 University Avenue 

Palo Alto, California 94301

(650) 470-4500 

CALCULATION OF FILING FEE 

Transaction Valuation*:

Amount of Filing Fee**:

$58,410,111.42

$11,682.02

*

Estimated for purposes of calculating the amount of the filing fee only. The calculation of the transaction valuation assumes the purchase of 25,307,436
outstanding shares of common stock of SignalSoft Corporation at a purchase price of $2.26 per share. The transaction valuation also includes the offer price of $2.26 less $0.71, which is the average exercise price per share for those options with
exercise prices of less than the offer price multiplied by 782,335, the estimated number of options with exercise prices less than the offer price. 

**

The amount of the filing fee calculated in accordance with Rule 0-11(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, equals 1/50 of 1% of the transaction
value. 

 

Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was previously paid.
Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. 

Amount previously paid:

Form or registration no.:

Filing Party:

Date Filed:

 

Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications made before the commencement of a tender offer. Check the appropriate boxes below to
designate any transactions to which the statement relates: 

x

third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1. 

 

issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4. 

 

going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3. 

 

amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2. 

Check

the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results of the tender offer:    
 

This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this Statement) relates
to the offer by Sapphire Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Openwave Systems Inc., a Delaware Corporation (the Parent), to purchase all the issued and outstanding shares
of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares), of SignalSoft Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), at a purchase price of $2.26 per share, net to the seller in cash. The terms and conditions of the
offer are described in the Offer to Purchase, dated June 11, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase), a copy which is attached hereto as Exhibit (a)(1)(A), and the related Letter of Transmittal and the instructions thereto, a copy of which is
attached hereto as Exhibit (a)(1)(B) (which, as they may be amended or supplemented from time to time, together constitute the Offer). 

Pursuant to General Instruction F to Schedule TO, the information contained in the Offer to Purchase, including all schedules and annexes thereto, is hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference
in response to Items 1 through 11 of this Statement and is supplemented by the information specifically provided herein. 

ITEM
1.    SUMMARY TERM SHEET. 

The information set forth in the section of the Offer to
Purchase entitled Summary Term Sheet is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 2.    SUBJECT COMPANY
INFORMATION. 

(a)    The subject company and the issuer of the securities subject
to the Offer is SignalSoft Corporation, a Delaware corporation. Its principal executive office is located at 5665 Flatiron Parkway, Boulder, Colorado 80301 and its telephone number is (303) 381-3000. 

(b)    This Statement relates to the Offer by the Purchaser to purchase all issued and outstanding Shares for $2.26
per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal. The information set forth in the introduction to the Offer to Purchase (the
Introduction) is incorporated herein by reference. 

(c)    The information
concerning the principal market in which the Shares are traded and certain high and low sales prices for the Shares in such principal market is set forth in Price Range of the Shares; Dividends on the Shares in the Offer to Purchase and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 3.    IDENTITY AND BACKGROUND OF THE FILING PERSON. 

(a), (b), (c)  The information set forth in the section of the Offer to Purchase entitled Certain Information
Concerning Parent and the Purchaser and Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
4.    TERMS OF THE TRANSACTION. 

(a)(1)(i)(viii), (x), (xii)  The
information set forth in the Introduction and in the sections of the Offer to Purchase entitled Terms of the Offer, Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares, Procedure for Tendering Shares, Withdrawal
Rights, Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences and Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Stock Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin Regulations is incorporated herein by reference.

(a)(1)(ix), (xi)  Not applicable. 

(a)(2)(i)(v), (vii)  The information set forth in the Introduction and in the sections of the Offer to Purchase entitled Effect of the Offer on the
Market for the Shares; Stock Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin Regulations, Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences, Background of the Offer, Purpose of the Offer; Plans for the
Company and The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements is incorporated herein by reference. 

(a)(2)(vi)  Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.    PAST CONTACTS, TRANSACTIONS, NEGOTIATIONS AND
AGREEMENTS. 

(a), (b)  The information set forth in the sections of the Offer to Purchase entitled
Certain Information Regarding Parent and the Purchaser, Background of the Offer, Purpose of the Offer; Plans for the Company and The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements is incorporated herein by
reference. 

ITEM 6.    PURPOSES OF THE TRANSACTION AND PLANS OR PROPOSALS. 

(a), (c)(1), (3-7)  The information set forth in the Introduction and in the sections of the Offer to Purchase
entitled Purpose of the Offer; Plans for the Company and The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements is incorporated herein by reference. 

(c)(2)  None. 

ITEM 7.    SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS OR
OTHER CONSIDERATION. 

(a), (b)  The information set forth in the section of the Offer to Purchase
entitled Source and Amount of Funds is incorporated herein by reference. 

(c)  Not
applicable. 

ITEM 8.    INTEREST IN SECURITIES OF THE SUBJECT COMPANY. 

(a), (b)  The information set forth in the Introduction and in the sections of the Offer to Purchase entitled Certain
Information Concerning Parent and the Purchaser, Background of the Offer and The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9.    PERSONS/ASSETS, RETAINED, EMPLOYED, COMPENSATED OR USED. 

(a), (b)  The information set forth in the Introduction and in the sections of the Offer to Purchase entitled Certain Information Concerning Parent and the Purchaser,
Background of the Offer, Fees and Expenses and The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 10.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

Not applicable.

ITEM 11.    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. 

(a)(1)  The information set forth in the sections of the Offer to Purchase entitled Certain Information Concerning Parent and the Purchaser and
The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements is incorporated herein by reference. 

(a)(2),
(3)  The information set forth in the section of the Offer to Purchase entitled Certain Conditions of the Offer, Certain Legal Matters, and The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements is incorporated
herein by reference. 

(a)(4)  The information set forth in the section of the Offer to Purchase entitled
Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Stock Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin Regulations and Certain Legal Matters is incorporated herein by reference. 

(a)(5)  None. 

(b)  The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
12.    EXHIBITS. 

(a)(1)(A)

Offer to Purchase.

(a)(1)(B)

Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(1)(C)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(1)(D)

Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(E)

Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(F)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) on Substitute W-9.

(a)(5)(A)

Press Release issued by Openwave Systems Inc. on May 29, 2002, filed as Exhibit (a)(5) to the Schedule TO filed by Openwave Systems Inc. on May 29, 2002 and
incorporated herein by reference.

(a)(5)(B)

Summary Advertisement as published in the Wall Street Journal on June 11, 2002.

(a)(5)(C)

Joint Press Release issued by Openwave Systems Inc. and SignalSoft Corporation on June 11, 2002.

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 28, 2002, by and among Openwave Systems Inc., Sapphire Acquisition Corp. and SignalSoft
Corporation.

(d)(2)

Stockholders Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2002, by and among Openwave Systems Inc., Sapphire Acquisition Corp. and certain stockholders of SignalSoft
Corporation set forth in Schedule 1 thereto.

(d)(3)

Letter Agreement, dated May 28, 2002, by and between Openwave Systems Inc. and David Hose.

(d)(4)

Mutual Confidentiality Agreement, dated February 28, 2002, by and between Openwave Systems Inc. and SignalSoft Corporation.

(d)(5)

Exclusivity Agreement, dated May 13, 2002, by and between Openwave Systems Inc. and SignalSoft Corporation.

ITEM 13.    INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE 13E-3.

Not applicable. 

SIGNATURE 

After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct. 

O
PENWAVE
 S
YSTEMS
 I
NC
.

By:

    /s/    A
LAN
 J.
B
LACK                    

Name:  Alan J. Black

Title:  Chief Financial Officer and Senior

Vice President, Corporate Affairs

S
APPHIRE
 A
CQUISITION
 C
ORP
.

By:

    /s/    J
ON

S
HANTZ                

Name:  Jon Shantz

Title:  President and Chief Executive
Officer

Date: June 11, 2002 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

EXHIBIT NO.

DESCRIPTION

(a)(1)(A)

Offer to Purchase.

(a)(1)(B)

Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(1)(C)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(1)(D)

Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(E)

Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(F)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) on Substitute W-9.

(a)(5)(A)

Press Release issued by Openwave Systems Inc. on May 29, 2002, filed as Exhibit (a)(5) to the Schedule TO filed by
Openwave Systems Inc. on May 29, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference.

(a)(5)(B)

Summary Advertisement as published in the Wall Street Journal on June 11, 2002.

(a)(5)(C)

Joint Press Release issued by Openwave Systems Inc. and SignalSoft Corporation on June 11, 2002.

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 28, 2002, by and among Openwave Systems Inc., Sapphire Acquisition
Corp. and SignalSoft Corporation.

(d)(2)

Stockholders Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2002, by and among Openwave Systems Inc., Sapphire Acquisition Corp. and
certain stockholders of SignalSoft Corporation set forth in Schedule 1 thereto.

(d)(3)

Letter Agreement, dated May 28, 2002, by and between Openwave Systems Inc. and David Hose.

(d)(4)

Mutual Confidentiality Agreement, dated February 28, 2002, by and between Openwave Systems Inc. and SignalSoft
Corporation.

(d)(5)

Exclusivity Agreement, dated May 13, 2002, by and between Openwave Systems Inc. and SignalSoft
Corporation.

EX-99.(A)(1)(A)

dex99a1a.htm

OFFER TO PURCHASE

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- OFFER TO PURCHASE



EXHIBIT 99(a)(1)(A)

OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

OF 

SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION

AT 

$2.26 NET PER SHARE 

BY 

SAPPHIRE ACQUISITION CORP. 

A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF 

OPENWAVE SYSTEMS INC. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JULY 10, 2002, UNLESS THE
OFFER IS EXTENDED.

THE OFFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED AS OF MAY 28, 2002 (THE
MERGER AGREEMENT), BY AND AMONG OPENWAVE SYSTEMS INC., SAPPHIRE ACQUISITION CORP. AND SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION (THE COMPANY). THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAS UNANIMOUSLY (1) DETERMINED THAT THE OFFER AND THE MERGER
ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, THE COMPANY AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS, (2) APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE OFFER AND THE MERGER, AND (3) RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES
(AS DEFINED HEREIN) PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. 

THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, (1) THERE
BEING VALIDLY TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN ON OR PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER, THAT NUMBER OF SHARES THAT, WHEN ADDED TO THE SHARES THEN BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY PARENT OR THE PURCHASER, IF ANY, REPRESENTS AT LEAST TWO-THIRDS OF THE SHARES
OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS (AS DEFINED HEREIN) ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE AND (2) THE EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF ANY APPLICABLE WAITING PERIOD UNDER THE HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976, AS AMENDED. 

IMPORTANT 

Any stockholder who desires to tender all or any portion of such stockholders shares should either (i) complete and sign the Letter
of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof) in accordance with the instructions in the Letter of Transmittal, mail or deliver it and any other required documents to the Depositary (as defined herein) and either deliver the certificates for such shares to
the Depositary or tender such shares pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 or (ii) request such stockholders broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to effect the transaction for such
stockholder. Any stockholder whose shares are registered in the name of a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee must contact such person to tender their shares. 

Any stockholder who desires to tender shares and whose certificates representing such shares are not immediately available, or who cannot comply with the procedures for
book-entry transfer on a timely basis, may tender such shares by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery set forth in Section 3  Procedure for Tendering Shares. 

Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. (the Information Agent) at its location and telephone numbers
set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. Requests for additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be directed to the Information Agent or to brokers, dealers,
commercial banks or trust companies. Any stockholder also may contact brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies for assistance concerning the Offer to Purchase. 

JUNE 11, 2002 



 

PAGE

SUMMARY TERM SHEET 

INTRODUCTION 

THE TENDER OFFER 

1.      
Terms of the Offer

2.      
Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares

3.      
Procedure for Tendering Shares

4.      
Withdrawal Rights

5.      
Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences

6.      
Price Range of the Shares; Dividends on the Shares

7.      
Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Stock Listing;

   Exchange Act Registration; Margin Regulations

8.      
Certain Information Concerning the Company

9.      
Certain Information Concerning Parent and the Purchaser

10.    
Source and Amount of Funds

11.    
Background of the Offer

12.    
Purpose of the Offer; Plans for the Company

13.    
The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements

14.    
Certain Conditions of the Offer

15.    
Certain Legal Matters

16.    
Fees and Expenses

17.    
Miscellaneous

SCHEDULE I 

Directors and Executive Officers of Parent and 
the Purchaser



SUMMARY TERM SHEET 

Sapphire Acquisition Corp. is offering to purchase all of the
outstanding shares of common stock of SignalSoft Corporation for $2.26 per share in cash. The following are some of the questions you, as a stockholder of SignalSoft, may have and answers to those questions. We urge you to carefully read the
remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal because the information in this summary is not complete. Additional important information is contained in the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal.

Who is offering to buy my shares? 

Our name is Sapphire Acquisition Corp. We are a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of making a tender offer for all of the common stock of SignalSoft. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of
Openwave Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation. See Introduction to this Offer to Purchase and Section 9  Certain Information Concerning Parent and the Purchaser. 

What are the classes and amounts of securities being sought in the offer? 

We are seeking to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of SignalSoft. See Introduction to this Offer to Purchase and Section 1  Terms of the Offer.

How much are you offering to pay? What is the form of payment? Will I have to pay any fees or commissions? 

We are offering to pay $2.26 per share, net to you, in cash. If you are the record owner of your shares and you tender your
shares to us in the offer, you will not have to pay brokerage fees or similar expenses. If you own your shares through a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders your shares on your behalf, your broker or nominee may charge you a fee for
doing so. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine whether any charges will apply. See the Introduction to the Offer to Purchase. 

Do you have the financial resources to make payment? 

Openwave, our parent
company, will provide us with sufficient funds to purchase all shares validly tendered and not withdrawn in the offer and to provide funding for the merger, which is expected to follow the successful completion of the offer. Openwave will use
generally available corporate funds for this purpose. The offer is not conditioned upon any financing arrangements. See Section 10  Source and Amount of Funds. 

Is your financial condition relevant to my decision to tender in the offer? 

We do not think that our financial condition is relevant to your decision to tender shares and accept the offer because: 



the offer is being made for all outstanding shares solely for cash; 



the offer is not subject to any financing condition; and 



if we consummate the offer, we will acquire all remaining shares for the same cash price as in the merger. 

See Section 10  Source and Amount of Funds. 



How long do I have to decide whether to tender in the offer? 

You will have at least until 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Wednesday, July 10, 2002, to decide whether to tender your shares in
the offer. Further, if you cannot deliver everything that is required in order to make a valid tender by that time, you may be able to use a guaranteed delivery procedure, which is described later in this Offer to Purchase. See Section 1 
Terms of the Offer and Section 3  Procedure for Tendering Shares. 

Can the offer be extended and under
what circumstances? 

The offer may be extended for varying lengths of time depending on the circumstances.
Specifically, we have agreed in the merger agreement that: 



We may, at our discretion, extend the expiration date of the offer if any of the conditions to our obligation to accept for payment and pay for shares tendered
into the offer have not been satisfied or waived by us. 



We may, at our discretion, elect under Rule 14d-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide a subsequent offering period of three to 20 business days,
beginning after we have purchased shares during the offer, during which stockholders may tender, but not withdraw, their shares and receive the offer consideration. 



We may extend the expiration date of the offer upon an increase in the offer price for the shares as provided under federal securities laws. 

See Section 1  Terms of the Offer. 

How will I be notified if the offer is extended? 

If we extend the offer, we will inform U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation, the depositary for the offer, of that fact and will make a public announcement of the extension, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the business
day after the day on which the offer was scheduled to expire. See Section 1  Terms of the Offer. 

What are the most
significant conditions to the offer? 



We are not obligated to purchase any shares which are validly tendered unless that number of shares is validly tendered which, when added to the shares then
owned by us or Openwave, if any, represents at least two-thirds of the shares of SignalSoft outstanding on a fully diluted basis (but not giving effect to outstanding options to purchase shares with a per share exercise price equal to or greater
than $2.26.) We call this condition the Minimum Condition. 



We are not obligated to purchase any shares that are validly tendered if, among other things, there is a material adverse change in SignalSoft or its business.



We are not obligated to purchase shares which are validly tendered if the board of directors of SignalSoft has withdrawn its recommendation of the offer and
merger. 



We are not obligated to purchase any shares unless and until the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act. 

The offer is subject to a number of other conditions. We can waive
some of the conditions to the offer without SignalSofts consent. See Section 14  Certain Conditions of the Offer. 



How do I tender my shares? 

To tender shares, you must deliver the certificates representing your shares, together with a completed Letter of Transmittal, to U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation, the
depositary for the offer, not later than the time the tender offer expires. If your shares are held in street name, the shares can be tendered by your nominee through U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation. If you cannot get something that is required to
the depositary by the expiration of the tender offer, you may get a little extra time to do so by having a broker, a bank or other fiduciary which is a member of the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or other eligible institution
guarantee that the missing items will be received by the depositary within three Nasdaq Stock Market trading days. However, the depositary must receive the missing items within that three trading day period or else your shares will not be validly
tendered. See Section 3  Procedure for Tendering Shares. 

Until what time can I withdraw previously tendered shares?

You can withdraw shares at any time until the offer has expired. In addition, if we have not agreed to accept
your shares for payment by August 10, 2002, you can withdraw them at any time after such time until we accept them for payment. This right to withdraw will not apply to any subsequent offering period. See Section 1  Terms of the
Offer and Section 4  Withdrawal Rights. 

How do I withdraw previously tendered shares? 

To withdraw shares, you must deliver a written notice of withdrawal, or a facsimile of one, with the required information to
the depositary while you still have the right to withdraw the shares. See Section 4  Withdrawal Rights. 

What does
the board of directors of SignalSoft think of the offer? 

We are making the offer pursuant to the merger
agreement with SignalSoft, which has been approved by the board of directors of SignalSoft. The board of directors of SignalSoft unanimously approved the merger agreement, our tender offer and the proposed merger of us with and into SignalSoft. The
board of directors of SignalSoft also has unanimously determined that the merger agreement, the tender offer and the proposed merger are in the best interests of stockholders and has recommended that stockholders tender their shares. See
Introduction to this Offer to Purchase and Section 11  Background of the Offer. 

Have any SignalSoft
stockholders agreed to tender their shares? 

Yes. Certain stockholders who own approximately 30% of the
Companys outstanding shares have agreed to tender their shares in the offer. See Introduction to this Offer to Purchase and Section 13  The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements. 

If two-thirds of the shares are tendered and accepted for payment, will SignalSoft continue as a public company? 

No. If the merger takes place, SignalSoft no longer will be publicly owned. Even if the merger does not take place, if we purchase all the
tendered shares, there may be so few remaining stockholders and publicly held shares that SignalSoft common stock will no longer be eligible to be traded through a Nasdaq market or on a securities exchange, there may not be a public trading market
for SignalSoft stock, and SignalSoft may cease making filings with the SEC or otherwise being required to comply with the SEC rules relating to publicly held companies. See Section 7  Effect of the Offer on the Market for Shares; Stock
Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin Regulations. 



Will the tender offer be followed by a merger if all the SignalSoft Shares are not tendered in the
offer? 

If we accept for payment and pay for shares of SignalSoft, we will be obliged to complete the merger,
subject to stockholder approval and the other terms of the Merger Agreement. If we acquire at least a majority of the outstanding shares of SignalSoft, we will be able to complete the merger without the vote of other stockholders. If that merger
takes place, Openwave will own all of the shares of SignalSoft and all remaining stockholders of SignalSoft (other than us) will receive $2.26 per share in cash (or any other higher price per share which may be paid in the offer). See
Introduction to this Offer to Purchase. 

If I decide not to tender, how will the offer affect my shares? 

If the merger described above takes place, stockholders not tendering their shares in the offer will receive the same amount of
cash per share which they would have received had they tendered their shares in the offer. Therefore, if the merger takes place, the only difference to you between tendering your shares and not tendering your shares is that you will be paid earlier
if you tender your shares and that, in connection with the merger, you may have dissenters rights under Delaware corporate law. However, if we decide to purchase the shares tendered, even though they represent less than a majority of the
Shares outstanding and therefore the merger is not assured, the number of stockholders and number of shares of SignalSoft which are still in the hands of the public may be so small that there no longer may be an active public trading market (or,
possibly, any public trading market) for the SignalSoft common stock. Also, as described above, SignalSoft may cease making filings with the SEC or otherwise being required to comply with the SEC rules relating to publicly held companies. See
Introduction to this Offer to Purchase and Section 7  Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Stock Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin Regulations. 

What is the market value of my shares as of a recent date? 

On May 28, 2002, the last trading day before we announced the tender offer and the possible subsequent merger, the last sale price of SignalSoft common stock reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $1.06 per share. On June 10,
2002, the last full day prior to commencement of the offer, the last reported sales price of the shares of the Company on the Nasdaq National Market was $2.21 per share of common stock. We advise you to obtain a recent quotation for shares of
SignalSoft common stock in deciding whether to tender your shares. See Section 6  Price Range of the Shares; Dividends on the Shares. 

Who can I talk to if I have questions about the tender offer? 

You may call Georgeson
Shareholder Communications Inc. at (800) 818-2996 (toll free). Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. is acting as the information agent for our tender offer. See the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. 



To the Holders of Common Stock of 

SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION: 

INTRODUCTION 

Sapphire Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the
Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Openwave Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), hereby offers to purchase all issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Common Stock), $0.001 par value
(the Shares), of SignalSoft Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), at a price of $2.26 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase and in
the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto, collectively constitute the Offer). 

Tendering stockholders whose Shares are registered in their own names and who tender directly to the Depositary (as defined below) will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions or, except
as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the sale of Shares pursuant to the Offer. The Purchaser will pay all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Offer of Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc.,
which is acting as the Information Agent (the Information Agent), and U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation, which is acting as the Depositary (the Depositary). See Section 16  Fees and Expenses. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of
the Offer, that number of Shares which when added to the Shares then beneficially owned by the Parent or the Purchaser, if any, represents at least two-thirds of the Shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date of purchase (the
Minimum Condition). See Section 14  Certain Conditions of the Offer. 

The Offer
is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 28, 2002 (the Merger Agreement), by and among the Parent, the Purchaser and the Company pursuant to which, as soon as practicable after the completion of the Offer and
satisfaction or waiver, if permissible, of all conditions to the Merger (as defined below), the Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent (the
Merger). The Company, as the surviving corporation of the Merger, is sometimes herein referred to as the Surviving Corporation. At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each Share then outstanding
(other than Shares held by Parent, the Purchaser, the Company, or any wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent or the Company) will be converted into the right to receive $2.26 per Share, net to the seller in cash, or any higher price per Share paid in the
Offer (such price, being referred to herein as the Offer Price), without interest. The Merger Agreement is more fully described in Section 13  The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements. 

As used in this Offer to Purchase, fully diluted basis refers to the number of Shares issued and outstanding at any time after
taking into account all Shares issuable upon the conversion of convertible securities or upon the exercise of any options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of either Common Stock or preferred stock, $0.001 par value, of the Company (for which
the applicable per share exercise price is less than the Offer Price). The Company has informed the Purchaser that, as of May 26, 2002, there were 25,307,436 Shares issued and outstanding, and as of May 28, 2002, there were outstanding options to
purchase an aggregate of 3,075,297 Shares under the Companys stock plans, of which 782,335 options had a per share exercise price of less than $2.26. Based on the foregoing, and assuming that no Shares were issued after May 26, 2002, the
Minimum Condition will be satisfied if at least 17,393,181 Shares are validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer. If the Minimum Condition is satisfied and the Purchaser accepts for payment the Shares tendered pursuant
to the Offer, the Purchaser will be able to elect a majority of the members of the Companys board of directors and to effect the merger without the affirmative vote of any other stockholder of the Company. See Section 12  Purpose
of the Offer; Plans for the Company. As a condition and inducement to Parents and



the Purchasers willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company (each, a Stockholder), who in the aggregate hold dispositive power with
respect to 7,428,126 Shares and hold options to purchase 67,500 Shares, immediately following the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement entered into a Stockholders Agreement (the Stockholders Agreement), dated May 28, 2002, with
Parent and the Purchaser. Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, the Stockholders have agreed, among other things, to tender the Shares held by them in the Offer, and to grant Parent a proxy with respect to the voting of their Shares in favor of
the Merger. In addition, in the Stockholders Agreement, each Stockholder has granted Parent an option (the Stockholder Option) to purchase all Shares beneficially owned by such Stockholder as of the date of the Stockholders Agreement, or
beneficially owned by such Stockholder at any time following such date (including, without limitation, by way of exercise of options, warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or by way of dividend, distribution, exchange, merger, consolidation,
recapitalization, reorganization, stock split or otherwise), which option is exercisable at any time, subject to certain conditions. See Section 13  The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements. 

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAS UNANIMOUSLY (1) DETERMINED THAT THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO, AND IN
THE BEST INTERESTS OF, THE COMPANY AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS, (2) APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE OFFER AND THE MERGER, AND (3) RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES TO THE PURCHASER PURSUANT TO THE
OFFER. 

RBC Dain Rauscher Inc., a member company of RBC Capital Markets, the Companys financial advisor
(RBC), has delivered to the Companys board of directors its written opinion, dated May 28, 2002, to the effect that, as of such date, the consideration to be received by the stockholders pursuant to the Offer and under the terms of
the Merger Agreement, is fair from a financial point of view to such holders (other than Parent and its affiliates). The full text of RBCs opinion is set forth as an annex to the Companys Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule
14D-9 (the Schedule 14D-9) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), which is being mailed to stockholders of the Company with this Offer to Purchase. Stockholders are urged to read the
Schedule 14D-9 and such opinion carefully in their entirety. 

Consummation of the Merger is subject to a number of
conditions, including the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares, if required by applicable law in order to consummate the Merger. See Section 15 
Certain Legal Matters. If the Purchaser acquires at least 90% of the outstanding Shares, the Purchaser would be able to consummate the Merger without a vote of the stockholders. In such event, Parent, the Purchaser and the Company have
agreed in the Merger Agreement to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable after the acceptance and payment for Shares by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer without a meeting of the
stockholders. 

THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND
SHOULD BE READ IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE ANY DECISION IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER. 



THE TENDER OFFER 

1.     TERMS OF THE OFFER. 

Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer, the Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date and not theretofore withdrawn in accordance with Section 4  Withdrawal Rights. The term
Expiration Date means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Wednesday, July 10, 2002, unless and until, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser extends the period of time for which the Offer is open, in which
event the term Expiration Date means the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, expires. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, the satisfaction of the Minimum Condition, the expiration or termination of all waiting periods imposed by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended, and the regulations thereunder (the HSR Act) and any comparable provisions under any applicable pre-merger notification laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions and the other conditions set forth in Section 14 
Certain Conditions of the Offer. If such conditions are not satisfied prior to the Expiration Date, the Purchaser reserves the right, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, to (i) decline to purchase any of the Shares tendered and
terminate the Offer, (ii) waive any of the conditions to the Offer, to the extent permitted by applicable law, and, subject to complying with applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and its
staff applicable to the Offer, purchase all Shares validly tendered, (iii) extend the Offer and, subject to the right of stockholders to withdraw Shares, retain the Shares which will have been tendered during the period or periods for which the
Offer is open or extended or (iv) amend the Offer. 

Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser
may (i) extend the Offer and thereby delay acceptance for payment of, and the payment for, any Shares, by giving oral or written notice of such extension to the Depositary and (ii) amend the Offer by giving oral or written notice of such amendment
to the Depositary. Any extension, amendment or termination of the Offer will be followed as promptly as practicable by public announcement thereof, the announcement in the case of an extension to be issued no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City
time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date in accordance with the public announcement requirements of Rule 14d-4(c) under the Exchange Act. Without limiting the obligation of the Purchaser under such Rule or the
manner in which the Purchaser may choose to make any public announcement, the Purchaser currently intends to make announcements by issuing a press release to the Dow Jones News Service. 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE OFFER
PRICE TO BE PAID BY THE PURCHASER FOR THE SHARES, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY DELAY IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT.

The Merger Agreement provides that, except as described below, the Purchaser will not (i) decrease the Offer Price or change the form of consideration payable in the Offer, (ii) decrease the number of Shares sought to be
purchased in the Offer, (iii) impose additional conditions to the Offer, or (iv) amend any condition of the Offer described in Section 14  Certain Conditions of the Offer in any manner adverse to the holders of the Shares without
the prior written consent of the Company,
 provided, however
, that (a) if on the Expiration Date, all Offer Conditions required by the Merger Agreement will not have been satisfied or waived, the Purchaser may, from time to time, in its sole
discretion, extend the Offer for such period as the Purchaser may determine and (b) the Purchaser may, in its sole discretion, provide a Subsequent Offering Period in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act. 

A Subsequent Offering Period would be an additional period of time from three to twenty business days in length, following the
expiration of the Offer, during which stockholders may tender Shares for the Offer Price. Rule 14d-11 provides that the Purchaser may include a Subsequent Offering Period so long as, among other things, (i) the Offer remains open for a minimum of 20
business days and has expired, (ii) all conditions to the Offer are deemed satisfied or waived by the Purchaser on or before the Expiration Date, (iii) the Purchaser accepts and promptly pays for all Shares tendered during the Offer prior to the
Expiration Date, (iv) the



Purchaser announces the results of the Offer, including the approximate number and percentage of Shares deposited in the Offer, no later than 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the next business day
after the Expiration Date and immediately begins the Subsequent Offering Period, and (v) the Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for Shares as they are tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period. 

In a public release, the SEC has expressed the view that the inclusion of a Subsequent Offering Period would constitute a material change
to the terms of the Offer requiring the Purchaser to disseminate new information to stockholders in a manner reasonably calculated to inform them of such change sufficiently in advance of the Expiration Date (generally five business days). The SEC,
however, has recently stated that such advance notice may not be required under certain circumstances. In the event the Purchaser elects to include a Subsequent Offering Period, it will notify stockholders of the Company consistent with the
requirements of the SEC. The Purchaser does not currently intend to include a Subsequent Offering Period in the Offer, although it reserves the right to do so in its sole discretion.

Pursuant to Rule 14d-7 under the Exchange Act, no
withdrawal rights apply to Shares tendered during a Subsequent Offering Period, and no withdrawal rights apply during the Subsequent Offering Period with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. During a Subsequent Offering
Period, the Purchaser will promptly purchase and pay for all Shares tendered at the same price paid in the Offer. In addition, the Purchaser may increase the Offer Price and extend the Offer to the extent required by law in connection with such
increase, in each case in its sole discretion and without Companys consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may, without the consent of the Company, extend the Offer for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or
position of the SEC or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer. 

If the Purchaser extends the Offer, or if the
Purchaser (whether before or after its acceptance for payment of Shares) is delayed in its purchase of or payment for Shares or is unable to pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to the Purchasers rights
under the Offer, the Depositary may retain tendered 

Shares on behalf of the Purchaser, and such Shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent tendering stockholders are
entitled to withdrawal rights as described in Section 4  Withdrawal Rights. However, the ability of the Purchaser to delay the payment for Shares which the Purchaser has accepted for payment is limited by Rule 14e-l(c) under the
Exchange Act, which requires that a bidder pay the consideration offered or return the securities deposited by or on behalf of holders of securities promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer. 

If the Purchaser makes a material change in the terms of the Offer or the information concerning the Offer or waives a material condition
of the Offer, the Purchaser will disseminate additional tender offer materials and extend the Offer to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(c), 14d-6(d) and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act. The minimum period during which the Offer must remain open
following material changes in the terms of the Offer or information concerning the Offer, other than a change in price or a change in percentage of securities sought, will depend upon the facts and circumstances then existing, including the relative
materiality of the changed terms or information. In the SECs view, an offer should remain open for a minimum of five business days from the date a material change is first published, sent or given to security holders and that, if material
changes are made with respect to information not materially less significant than the offer price and the number of shares being sought, a minimum of ten business days may be required to allow adequate dissemination and investor response. The
requirement to extend an offer will not apply to the extent that the number of business days remaining between the occurrence of the change and the then-scheduled expiration date equals or exceeds the minimum extension period that would be required
because of such amendment. As used in this Offer to Purchase, business day has the meaning set forth in Rule 14d-1 under the Exchange Act. 

PURSUANT TO RULE 14D-7 UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT, NO WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS APPLY DURING THE SUBSEQUENT OFFERING PERIOD. FURTHERMORE, THE SAME CONSIDERATION, THE OFFER PRICE, WILL BE PAID TO STOCKHOLDERS
TENDERING SHARES IN THE OFFER OR IN A SUBSEQUENT OFFERING PERIOD, IF ONE IS INCLUDED. 



The Company has provided the Purchaser with the Companys stockholder lists
and security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of Shares. This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal will be mailed by the Purchaser to record holders of Shares and will be furnished by the
Purchaser to brokers, dealers, banks and similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the stockholder lists or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agencys security position listing, for
subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares. 

2.    ACCEPTANCE FOR PAYMENT AND PAYMENT FOR SHARES. 

Upon the
terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or amendment), the Purchaser will accept for payment and will pay, promptly after the Expiration Date,
for all Shares validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date and not properly withdrawn in accordance with Section 4  Withdrawal Rights. Subject to the Merger Agreement and compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, the
Purchaser expressly reserves the right to delay acceptance for payment for Shares in order to comply with any applicable law, including, without limitation, the HSR Act and any comparable provisions under any applicable pre-merger notification laws
or regulations of foreign jurisdictions. See Section 15  Certain Legal Matters. 

In all cases,
payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates for evidencing Shares (the Share Certificates) or confirmation (a Book-Entry
Confirmation) of a book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositarys account at The Depositary Trust Company (the Book-Entry Transfer Facility) pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3  Procedure
for Tendering Shares, (ii) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message (as defined below) in
lieu of the Letter of Transmittal, and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. The per share consideration paid to any holder of Common Stock pursuant to the Offer will be the highest per Share consideration paid to any
other holder of such Shares pursuant to the Offer.

For purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed
to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, Shares properly tendered to the Purchaser and not withdrawn as, if and when the Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of the Purchasers acceptance for payment of such
Shares pursuant to the Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the Offer Price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent
for tendering stockholders for the purpose of receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting payment to tendering stockholders. 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE OFFER PRICE TO BE PAID BY THE PURCHASER FOR THE SHARES,
REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY DELAY IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT.

If the Purchaser is delayed in
its acceptance for payment of, or payment for, Shares or is unable to accept for payment or pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to the Purchasers rights under the Offer (including such rights as are set
forth in Section 1  Terms of the Offer and Section 14  Certain Conditions of the Offer) (but subject to compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act), the Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of the
Purchaser, retain tendered Shares, and such Shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent tendering stockholders are entitled to exercise, and duly exercise, withdrawal rights as described in Section 4  Withdrawal Rights.

If any tendered Shares are not purchased pursuant to the Offer for any reason, Share Certificates will be
returned, without expense to the tendering stockholder (or, in the case of Shares delivered by book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositarys account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section
3  Procedure for Tendering Shares, such Shares will be credited to an account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility), as promptly as practicable after the expiration or termination of the Offer. 



The Purchaser reserves the right to transfer or assign, in whole or in part, to
Parent or to any affiliate of Parent, the right to purchase Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, but any such transfer or assignment will not relieve the Purchaser of its obligations under the Offer and will in no way prejudice the rights of
tendering stockholders to receive payment for Shares validly tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer. 

3.    PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING SHARES. 

Valid
Tender.
    For a stockholder to validly tender Shares pursuant to the Offer, either (i) the Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees
(or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message (as defined below) in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal), and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary at its address set forth
on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date (unless such tender is made during a Subsequent Offering Period, if one was provided) and either certificates for tendered Shares must be received by the Depositary at its
address or such Shares must be delivered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer set forth below and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined below) must be received by the Depositary, in each case prior to the Expiration Date or (ii) the
tendering stockholder must, prior to the Expiration Date, comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below. 

Book-Entry Transfer.
    The Depositary will establish an account with respect to the Shares at The Depository Trust Company (the Book-Entry Transfer Facility) for purposes of the Offer within
two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any financial institution that is a participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys systems may make book-entry delivery of Shares by causing the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to
transfer such Shares into the Depositarys account in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedure for such transfer. However, although delivery of Shares may be effected through book-entry transfer into the
Depositarys account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, the Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message in lieu of the Letter of
Transmittal, and any other required documents must, in any case, be received by the Depositary at its address set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date (except with respect to a Subsequent Offering Period, if
one is provided), or the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described below. 

The term Agents Message means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry Confirmation, that states that the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the Shares that such participant has received and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that the Purchaser
may enforce such agreement against the participant. For Shares to be validly tendered during any Subsequent Offering Period, the tendering stockholder must comply with the foregoing procedures except that the required documents and certificates must
be received during the Subsequent Offering Period. 

THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF SHARES, THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, IS AT THE ELECTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER FACILITYS PROCEDURES DOES NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY. SHARES WILL BE DEEMED DELIVERED ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY (INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, BY BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATION). IF
DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY. 



Signature Guarantees
.    No signature guarantee is
required on the Letter of Transmittal (i) if the Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this Section 3 includes any participant in the Book Entry Transfer Facilitys systems whose name appears
on a security position listing as the owner of the Shares) of Shares tendered therewith and such registered holder has not completed either the box entitled Special Delivery Instructions or the box entitled Special Payment
Instructions on the Letter of Transmittal or (ii) if such Shares are tendered for the account of a financial institution (including most commercial banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the
Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, or by any other eligible guarantor institution, as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act (each, an Eligible Institution and, collectively, Eligible
Institutions). In all other cases, all signatures on Letters of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal. If a Share Certificate is registered in the name of a person
other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made, or a Share Certificate not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be returned, to a person other than the registered holder of the certificates surrendered, then
the tendered Share Certificate must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names of the registered holders or owners appear on the Share Certificate, with the signature(s) on the
certificates or stock powers guaranteed by an Eligible Institution as provided in the Letter of Transmittal. See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

Guaranteed Delivery
.    If a stockholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Share Certificates are not immediately available
or the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis or time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, such stockholders tender may be effected if all the following
conditions are met: 

(a)    such tender is made by or through an Eligible
Institution; 

(b)    a properly completed and duly executed Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by the Purchaser, is received by the Depositary, as provided below, prior to the Expiration Date; and 

(c)    the Share Certificates (or a Book-Entry Confirmation), in proper form for transfer, together with a properly completed and duly
executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message in lieu of a Letter of Transmittal), and any other documents required by the Letter of
Transmittal are received by the Depositary within three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. A trading day is any day on which the National Association of Security Dealers Automated Quotation
System, Inc. (the NASDAQ) is open for business. 

The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by
hand or transmitted by telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary and must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery made available by the Purchaser. 

Other Requirements
.    Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, payment for Shares accepted for
payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) Share Certificates (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation), (ii) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly
executed, with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message in lieu of a Letter of Transmittal) and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering
stockholders may be paid at different times depending upon when Share Certificates or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary. 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE OFFER PRICE TO BE
PAID BY THE PURCHASER FOR THE SHARES, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY DELAY IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT.



Appointment
.    By executing the Letter of Transmittal
(or facsimile thereof) (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message in lieu of a Letter of Transmittal), the tendering stockholder will irrevocably appoint designees of the Purchaser, and each of them, as such
stockholders attorneys-in-fact and proxies in the manner set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, each with full power of substitution, to the full extent of such stockholders rights with respect to the Shares tendered by such stockholder
and accepted for payment by the Purchaser and with respect to any and all other Shares or other securities or rights issued or issuable in respect of such Shares. All such proxies will be considered coupled with an interest in the tendered Shares.
Such appointment will be effective when, and only to the extent that, the Purchaser accepts for payment Shares tendered by such stockholder as provided herein. Upon the effectiveness of such appointment, all prior powers of attorney, proxies and
consents given by such stockholder with respect to such Shares or other securities or rights will, without further action, be revoked and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be given by such stockholder (and, if
given, will not be deemed effective). The designees of the Purchaser will thereby be empowered to exercise all voting and other rights with respect to such Shares and other securities or rights, including, without limitation, in respect of any
annual, special or adjourned meeting of the Companys stockholders, actions by written consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise, as they in their sole discretion deem proper. The Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order
for Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchasers acceptance for payment of such Shares, the Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights with respect to such Shares and other related
securities or rights, including voting at any meeting of stockholders. 

Determination of
Validity
.    All questions as to the validity, form, eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance of any tender of Shares will be determined by the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, which determination will be
final and binding. The Purchaser reserves the absolute right to reject any or all tenders of any Shares determined by it not to be in proper form or the acceptance for payment of, or payment for which may, in the opinion of the Purchasers
counsel, be unlawful. The Purchaser also reserves the absolute right, subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement, to waive any of the conditions of the Offer or any defect or irregularity in the tender of any Shares of any particular
stockholder, whether or not similar defects or irregularities are waived in the case of other stockholders. No tender of Shares will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects or irregularities relating thereto have been cured or waived.
None of the Purchaser, Parent, the Depositary, the Information Agent, the Company or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or incur any liability for failure to give any such
notification. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchasers interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and the instructions thereto and any other related documents) will be final
and binding. 

Backup Withholding
.    Under the backup withholding
provisions of United States federal income tax law, unless a tendering holder of Shares, or his assignee (in either case, the Payee), satisfies the conditions described in Instruction 8 of the Letter of Transmittal or is otherwise
exempt, the cash payable as a result of the Offer may be subject to backup withholding tax at a rate of 30% of the gross proceeds. To prevent backup withholding, each Payee should provide the Depository with such holders correct taxpayer
identification number (TIN) and certify that such holder is not subject to backup withholding by completing and signing the Substitute Form W-9 provided in the Letter of Transmittal. See Instruction 8 of the Letter of Transmittal.

4.    WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS. 

Except as provided below with respect to
a Subsequent Offering Period, tenders of Shares are irrevocable. Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures set forth below at any time prior to the Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for payment
and paid for by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after August 10, 2002. 

For
a withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at its address set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase and must



specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the Shares to be withdrawn, if different from
the name of the person who tendered the Shares. If certificates representing Shares have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such
certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such Shares have been tendered by an Eligible Institution, the signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant
to the procedures for book-entry transfer as set forth in Section 3  Procedure for Tendering Shares, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the appropriate Book-Entry Transfer Facility to
be credited with the withdrawn Shares and otherwise comply with such Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedures. Withdrawals of tenders of Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not validly
tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be retendered by again following one of the procedures described in Section 3  Procedure for Tendering Shares any time prior to the Expiration Date. 

No withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered into a Subsequent Offering Period under Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act, and
no withdrawal rights apply during a Subsequent Offering Period under Rule 14d-11 with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. See Section 1  Terms of the Offer. 

All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser, in its
sole discretion, which determination will be final and binding. None of the Purchaser, Parent, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of
withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. 

5.    CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES. 

The
following is a general summary of certain United States federal income tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger to holders of Shares whose Shares are, respectively, sold pursuant to the Offer or converted into the right to receive cash in the
Merger. This discussion is for general information purposes only and does not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be relevant to particular holders of Shares in light of their specific investment or tax
circumstances. The discussion is based on current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), Treasury regulations issued thereunder, and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all as in effect
as of the date hereof and all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. This discussion applies only to holders who hold Shares as capital assets within the meaning of section 1221 of the Code, and may not apply
to holders who acquired their Shares pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation. In addition, this discussion does not apply to certain types of holders subject to special tax rules including, but not limited to,
insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions, and broker dealers, or persons who held their Shares as a part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, or other integrated investment. The tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger
to holders who hold their shares through a partnership or other pass-through entity generally will depend upon such holders status for United States federal income tax purposes. This discussion does not address the United States federal income
tax consequences to a holder that, for United States federal income tax purposes, is a non-resident alien individual, a foreign corporation, a foreign partnership or a foreign estate or trust, nor does it consider the effect of any state, local or
foreign income tax or other tax laws. 

EACH HOLDER IS URGED TO CONSULT SUCH HOLDERS TAX ADVISOR REGARDING
THE SPECIFIC UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER IN LIGHT OF SUCH HOLDERS SPECIFIC TAX SITUATION. 

The receipt of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and may also be a taxable
transaction under state, local, or foreign tax laws. In



general, a holder who receives cash in exchange for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes equal to the difference,
if any, between the amount of cash received and the holders tax basis in the Shares exchanged. Gain or loss will be determined separately for each block of Shares (i.e., Shares acquired at the same time and price) exchanged pursuant to the
Offer or the Merger. Such gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss and will generally be long-term capital gain or loss if such Shares have been held for more than one year at the time of disposition. The claim of a deduction in respect
of a capital loss is subject to limitations. 

A stockholder who perfects his, her or its appraisal rights, if any,
under the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL) will probably recognize gain or loss at the Effective Time in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and such stockholders adjusted tax basis of
such Shares. For this purpose, although there is no authority to this effect directly on point, the amount realized should generally equal the trading value per share of the Shares at the Effective Time. Ordinary interest income and/or capital gain
(or capital loss), assuming that the Shares were held as capital assets, should be recognized by such stockholder at the time of actual receipt of payment, to the extent that such payment exceeds (or is less than) the amount realized at the
Effective Time. 

6.    PRICE RANGE OF THE SHARES; DIVIDENDS ON THE SHARES. 

The
Shares have been traded through the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol SGSF since August 3, 2000. The following table sets forth, for each of the periods indicated, the high and low reported sales price per Share on the Nasdaq
National Market based on published financial sources. 

HIGH

LOW

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000

Third Quarter

$

  49.56

$

  20.50

Fourth Quarter

40.94

4.63

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001

First Quarter

14.69

5.88

Second Quarter

13.00

3.75

Third Quarter

10.26

3.80

Fourth Quarter

5.00

1.72

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2002

First Quarter

4.65

1.73

Second Quarter (through June 10, 2001)

2.21

1.05

On May 28, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the execution of the Merger Agreement, the last reported sales price of the Shares on the Nasdaq National Market was $1.06 per Share. On June 10, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the commencement of the Offer, the last
reported sales price of the Shares on the Nasdaq National Market was $2.21 per Share. Stockholders are urged to obtain a current market quotation for the Shares. 

The Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends since its initial public offering. In addition, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company is not permitted to declare or pay dividends
with respect to the Shares without the prior written consent of Parent. Specifically, the Merger Agreement provides that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will: (i) declare, set aside, or pay any dividends on or make any other
distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property) in respect of any capital stock; (ii) split, combine or reclassify any capital stock; (iii) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital
stock of the Company or its subsidiaries, or any instrument or security that consists of a right to acquire such shares (except repurchases of unvested shares at cost in connection with the termination of the employment relationship with any
employee pursuant to stock option or purchase agreements in effect on the date hereof); or (iv) issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber any shares of capital stock or



any securities convertible into shares of capital stock, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of capital
stock, or enter into other agreements or commitments of any character obligating it to issue any such shares or convertible securities, other than the issuance, delivery and/or sale of shares of the Company Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of
stock options therefor outstanding as of May 28, 2002. 

7.     EFFECT OF THE OFFER ON THE MARKET FOR THE SHARES; STOCK LISTING; EXCHANGE ACT REGISTRATION; MARGIN REGULATIONS. 

Market for the Shares
.    The purchase of Shares by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer will reduce the number of holders of Shares and the
number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly and could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares held by the public. 

NASDAQ Listing
.    Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the Shares may no longer meet the requirements of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. (the NASD) for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq National Market. Inclusion on the Nasdaq requires that an issuer either (i) have at least 750,000 publicly held shares, held by at least 400 round-lot
stockholders, with a market value of at least $5,000,000, net tangible assets (total assets (excluding goodwill) less total liabilities) of at least $4,000,000, have two market makers for the shares, and have a minimum bid price of $1.00 or (ii)
have at least 1,100,000 publicly held shares, held by at least 400 round-lot stockholders, with a market value of at least $15,000,000, have a minimum bid price of $5, have four market makers for the shares, and have either (A) a market
capitalization of at least $50,000,000 or (B) total assets and revenues each of at least $50,000,000. 

If the
Nasdaq National Market and the NASDAQ Smallcap Market were to cease to publish quotations for the Shares, it is possible that the Shares would continue to trade in the over-the-counter market and that price or other quotations would be reported by
other sources. The extent of the public market for such Shares and the availability of such quotations would depend, however, upon such factors as the number of stockholders and/or the aggregate market value of such securities remaining at such
time, the interest in maintaining a market in the Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination of registration under the Exchange Act as described below, and other factors. 

Exchange Act Registration
.    The Shares are currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such registration may be terminated upon
application of the Company to the SEC if the Shares are neither listed on a national securities exchange nor held by 300 or more holders of record. Termination of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act, assuming there are no other
securities of the Company subject to registration, would substantially reduce the information required to be furnished by the Company to its stockholders and to the SEC and would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act no longer applicable to
the Company, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b), the requirement of furnishing a proxy statement pursuant to Section 14(a) or 14(c) in connection with stockholders meetings and the related requirement of
furnishing an annual report to stockholders. Furthermore, the ability of affiliates of the Company and persons holding restricted securities of the Company to dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 144A
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), may be impaired or eliminated. The Purchaser intends to seek to cause the Company to apply for termination of registration of the Shares under the Exchange
Act as soon after the completion of the Offer as the requirements for such termination are met. If the Nasdaq National Market listing and the Exchange Act registration of the Shares are not terminated prior to the Merger, then the Shares will be
delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and the registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act will be terminated following the consummation of the Merger. 

Margin Regulations
.    The Shares currently are margin securities under the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve Board), which status has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of the Shares. Depending upon factors similar to those described above regarding listing and market quotations, it is
possible that, following the Offer, the



Shares would no longer constitute margin securities for the purposes of the margin regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral for
loans made by brokers. 

8.    CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY. 

The Company is
a Delaware corporation with its principal executive office at 5665 Flatiron Parkway, Boulder, Colorado 80301. The telephone number of the Company at such office is (303) 381-3000. Founded in 1995, with additional offices in Sweden and the United
Kingdom, the Company offers mobile operators worldwide various software products and solutions needed to effectively implement location-based services. The companys Wireless Location Services software suite provides operators the ability to
deliver new services to their subscribers, differentiate their offerings, increase revenues, reduce churn and build subscriber loyalty. Some of the largest U.S. mobile operators, including AT&T Wireless, Cingular, Sprint PCS and VoiceStream, and
leading operators in Europe, such as Cegetel/SFR, Libertel-Vodafone, Orange and Telia, use the Companys products. 

Selected Financial Information
.    Set forth below is certain selected consolidated financial information with respect to the Company, excerpted or derived from the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001. More comprehensive financial information is included in such reports and in other documents filed by the Company with the SEC. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to such
reports and other documents and all of the financial information (including any related notes) contained therein. Such reports and other documents may be inspected and copies may be obtained from the SEC in the manner set forth below. 

SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31,

Operating Data:

Net sales

$

20,382

$

13,649

$

1,956

Operating loss

(32,382

)

(16,332

)

(7,605

)

Net loss
attributable to common stockholders

(29,052

)

(15,480

)

(8,616

)

Net loss per share

(1.18

)

(1.14

)

(1.35

)

Balance Sheet Data (at end of period):

Total assets

$

88,242

$

103,871

$

19,438

Total liabilities

4,732

5,096

2,525

Mandatorily redeemable, convertible preferred stock

32,205

Stockholders equity

83,510

98,775

(15,292

)

Certain Company Projections
.    Prior to
entering into the Merger Agreement, representatives of Parent conducted a due diligence review of the Company, and in connection with such review received certain projections of the Companys future operating performance. To the knowledge of
Parent and the Purchaser, the Company does not as a matter of course, make public forecasts as to its future financial performance. Parent analyzed the information in the projections, certain publicly available information and additional information
obtained in Parents due diligence review of the Company, along with Parents own estimates of potential cost savings and benefits, in evaluating the Offer and the Merger. The financial projections provided to Parent by the Company
included, among other things, the following forecasts of the Companys total revenues, gross profit, total operating expenses, net income and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (in



thousands): $22,587, $16,252, $35,151, $(18,069) and $(16,030) in fiscal 2002; and $31,500, $25,661, $30,023, $(3,843) and $(1,465) in fiscal 2003. The financial projections contained therein are
based on numerous assumptions, including assumptions concerning product demand, customer growth, product mix among license fees, maintenance fees, professional services and other revenue, channel mix between direct and reseller sales, expense
levels, cost savings, industry performance, and general business, economic, market and financial conditions. 

The
Company has advised Parent that the financial projections contained therein were prepared for the limited purpose of managing the operating plan of the Company for fiscal year 2002. They do not reflect recent developments which have occurred since
they were prepared or give effect to the Offer and the Merger, the potential combined operations of the Company and Parent and its affiliates or changes that may be made to the Companys operations or strategy after the consummation of the
Offer. This reference to the projections is provided solely because such projections have been provided to Parent and the Purchaser and none of the Purchaser, Parent, the Company or any of their respective affiliates or representatives believes that
such projections should be relied upon. 

THE PROJECTIONS WERE NOT PREPARED WITH A VIEW TO PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OR
COMPLIANCE WITH PUBLISHED GUIDELINES OF THE SEC OR THE GUIDELINES ESTABLISHED BY THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS REGARDING PROJECTIONS OR FORECASTS. THE COMPANYS INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS HAVE NOT EXAMINED OR COMPILED ANY
OF THESE PROJECTIONS OR EXPRESSED ANY CONCLUSION OR PROVIDED ANY ASSURANCE WITH RESPECT TO THE PROJECTIONS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS (AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995) ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE PROJECTIONS. THE COMPANY HAS ADVISED THE PURCHASER AND PARENT THAT ITS INTERNAL FINANCIAL FORECASTS (UPON WHICH THE PROJECTIONS PROVIDED TO PARENT WERE BASED IN
PART) ARE, IN GENERAL, PREPARED SOLELY FOR INTERNAL USE AND CAPITAL BUDGETING AND OTHER MANAGEMENT DECISIONS, AND ARE SUBJECTIVE IN MANY RESPECTS AND THUS SUSCEPTIBLE TO INTERPRETATIONS AND PERIODIC REVISION BASED ON ACTUAL EXPERIENCE AND BUSINESS
DEVELOPMENTS. THE PROJECTIONS ALSO REFLECT NUMEROUS ASSUMPTIONS (NOT ALL OF WHICH WERE PROVIDED TO PARENT), ALL MADE BY MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY, WITH RESPECT TO INDUSTRY PERFORMANCE, GENERAL BUSINESS, ECONOMIC, MARKET AND FINANCIAL CONDITIONS,
COMPETITION AND OTHER MATTERS THAT ARE INHERENTLY SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT ECONOMIC AND COMPETITIVE UNCERTAINTIES, ALL OF WHICH ARE DIFFICULT TO PREDICT, MANY OF WHICH ARE BEYOND THE COMPANYS CONTROL AND NONE OF WHICH WERE SUBJECT TO APPROVAL BY
PARENT OR THE PURCHASER. ACCORDINGLY, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE IN PREPARING THE PROJECTIONS WILL PROVE ACCURATE, AND ACTUAL RESULTS MAY BE MATERIALLY GREATER OR LESS THAN THOSE CONTAINED IN THE PROJECTIONS. THE INCLUSION
OF THE PROJECTIONS HEREIN SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS AN INDICATION THAT ANY OF PARENT, THE PURCHASER, THE COMPANY OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES CONSIDERED OR CONSIDER THE PROJECTIONS TO BE A RELIABLE PREDICTION OF FUTURE EVENTS,
AND THE PROJECTIONS SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON AS SUCH. NONE OF PARENT, THE PURCHASER, THE COMPANY OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES HAS MADE, OR MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION TO ANY PERSON REGARDING THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE
PROJECTIONS AND NONE OF THEM INTENDS TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE REVISE THE PROJECTIONS TO REFLECT CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING AFTER THE DATE WHEN MADE OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF FUTURE EVENTS EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE ASSUMPTIONS
UNDERLYING THE PROJECTIONS ARE SHOWN TO BE IN ERROR. IT IS EXPECTED THAT THERE WILL BE



DIFFERENCES BETWEEN ACTUAL AND PROJECTED RESULTS, AND ACTUAL RESULTS MAY BE MATERIALLY HIGHER OR LOWER THAN THOSE PROJECTED. 

Available Information
.    The Company is subject to the informational filing requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is
obligated to file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC relating to its business, financial condition and other matters. Information as of particular dates concerning the Companys directors and officers, their
remuneration, options granted to them, the principal holders of the Companys securities and any material interests of such persons in transactions with the Company is required to be disclosed in proxy statements distributed to the
Companys stockholders and filed with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements and other information should be available for inspection at the public reference facilities of the SEC at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of
such information should be obtainable by mail, upon payment of the SECs customary charges, by writing to the SECs principal office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov
that contains reports, proxy statements and other information relating to the Company that have been filed via the EDGAR System. 

The information concerning the Company contained in this Offer to Purchase, including that set forth below under the caption Selected Financial Information, has been furnished by the Company or has been taken from or
based upon publicly available documents and records on file with the SEC and other public sources. Neither Parent nor the Purchaser assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Company contained in such
documents and records or for any failure by the Company to disclose events which may have occurred or may affect the significance or accuracy of any such information but which are unknown to Parent or the Purchaser. 

9.    CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING PARENT AND THE PURCHASER. 

 Parent and Purchaser.
    Parent is a Delaware corporation. Openwave develops and distributes open Internet Protocol (IP)-based communication infrastructure software and applications, and provides
communication service providers, including wireless and wireline carriers, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), portals and broadband providers worldwide, with the software and services to build boundary-free, multi-network communication services for
their subscribers. The Purchaser is a Delaware corporation which was recently formed at the direction of Parent for the purpose of effecting the Offer and the Merger. Parent owns all of the outstanding capital stock of the Purchaser. It is
anticipated that, prior to the consummation of the Offer, the Purchaser will not have any significant assets or liabilities or engage in any activities other than those incident to the Offer and the Merger. Parents principal executive offices
are located at 1400 Seaport Boulevard, Redwood City, California 94063 and its telephone number is (650) 480-8000. The Purchasers principal executive offices are located at c/o Openwave Systems Inc., 1400 Seaport Boulevard, Redwood City,
California 94063 and its telephone number is (650) 480-8000. 

The name, citizenship, business address, present
principal occupation or employment and five-year employment history of each of the directors and executive officers of the Purchaser and Parent are set forth in Schedule I hereto. 

Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, Parent may be deemed to beneficially own 7,495,626 Shares constituting approximately 30% of the total currently outstanding Shares.
See Section 13  The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements.

Except as set forth elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase or Schedule I hereto: (a) neither Parent, the Purchaser nor, to the knowledge of Parent or the Purchaser, any
of the persons listed in Schedule I or any associate or majority-owned subsidiary of Parent or of any of the persons so listed, beneficially owns or has a right to acquire any Shares or any other equity securities of the Company; and (b) neither
Parent, the Purchaser, nor, to the knowledge of Parent or the Purchaser, any of the persons or entities referred to in clause (a) above or any of their executive officers, directors or subsidiaries has effected any transaction in the Shares or any
other equity securities of the Company during the past 60 days. Except as provided by the Merger Agreement or as described in this Offer to Purchase, neither Parent, the Purchaser nor, to the knowledge of Parent or the



Purchaser, any of the persons listed in Schedule I, has any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship with any other person with respect to any securities of the Company (including,
but not limited to, any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship concerning the transfer or the voting of any such securities, joint ventures, loan or option arrangements, puts or calls, guaranties of loans, guaranties against loss or
the giving or withholding of proxies, consents or authorizations). Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase or in Item 3 of the Schedule TO (as defined below) to which this Offer to Purchase is an exhibit, none of Parent, the Purchaser nor, to
the best knowledge of Parent and the Purchaser, any of the persons listed on Schedule I has had any business relationship or transaction with the Company or any of its executive officers, directors or affiliates that is required to be reported under
the rules and regulations of the SEC applicable to the Offer. Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase, there have been no contracts, negotiations or transactions between Parent or any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of Parent, any of
the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a merger, consolidation or acquisition, tender offer or other acquisition of
securities, an election of directors or a sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets. None of the persons listed in Schedule I has, during the past five years, been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or
similar misdemeanors). None of the persons listed in Schedule I has, during the past five years, been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement) that resulted in a
judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws. 

Available Information.
    Pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act, Parent and the Purchaser filed with
the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (the Schedule TO), of which this Offer to Purchase forms a part, and exhibits to the Schedule TO. 

Additionally, Parent is subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and is required to file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC relating
to its business, financial condition and other matters. Certain information, as of particular dates, concerning Parents business, principal physical properties, capital structure, material pending legal proceedings, operating results,
financial condition, directors and officers (including their remuneration and stock options granted to them), the principal holders of Parents securities, any material interests of such persons in transactions with Parent and certain other
matters is required to be disclosed in proxy statements and annual reports distributed to Parents stockholders and filed with the SEC. The Schedule TO and the exhibits thereto, as well as these other reports, proxy statements and other
information, may be inspected and copied at the SECs public reference facilities in the same manner as set forth above with respect to the Company in Section 8  Certain Information Concerning the Company. 

10.    SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS. 

The Offer is not conditioned
upon any financing arrangements. Parent and Purchaser estimate that the total amount of funds required to consummate the Offer and the Merger will be approximately $59 million plus any related transaction fees and expenses. The Purchaser will
acquire all such funds from Parent, which currently intends to use generally available corporate funds for this purpose. 

Because the only consideration in the Offer and Merger is cash and the Offer is to purchase all outstanding Shares, and in view of the absence of a financing condition and the amount of consideration payable in relation to the
financial capacity of Parent and its affiliates, the Purchaser believes the financial condition of Parent and its affiliates is not material to a decision by a holder of Shares whether to sell, tender or hold Shares pursuant to the Offer.



11.    BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER. 

The following information was
prepared by Parent, the Purchaser and the Company. Information about the Company was provided by the Company, and neither Purchaser nor Parent takes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any information regarding meetings or
discussions in which Parent or its representatives did not participate. 

Parent continually explores and conducts
discussions with regards to acquisitions and other strategic corporate transactions that are consistent with its corporate strategies. Parent and the Company previously entered into a reseller OEM agreement dated February 9, 2001, under which the
Company licensed its Wireless Location Services software to Parent for sublicensing by Parent to its customers. 

On February 14, 2002, representatives of Broadview International LLC (Broadview), financial advisor to the Company, contacted senior management of Parent to arrange for a meeting between Parent and the Company to discuss
a possible strategic transaction. 

On February 20, 2002, at a meeting at the 2002 3GSM World Congress in Cannes,
France, Donald Listwin, Chairman, CEO and President of Parent, David A. Hose, CEO and President of the Company, had initial general discussions regarding a possible strategic business relationship between the parties that would extend beyond the
scope of the existing reseller agreement. 

On February 28, 2002, Parent and the Company executed a mutual
confidentiality agreement in order to facilitate the disclosure of confidential business information. 

On March
14, 2002, representatives of Broadview delivered an information package regarding the Company in advance of a same-day conference call to discuss a potential transaction between Parent and the Company. Participating on the conference call were
members of senior management of Parent and the Company and representatives of Broadview. During this conference call, the parties reviewed the information package and discussed business, operating and financial aspects of the Company. 

On April 14, 2002, senior executives of the Company visited the offices of Parent and met with members of senior management of
Parent. During this meeting the Companys executives answered questions from Parent management about business, operating and financial aspects of the Company. 

Between April 15, 2002 and April 30, 2002, senior management of Parent and the Company and representatives of Broadview continued to communicate regarding the terms,
structure and valuation of a potential transaction, and the Company and Broadview continued to provide certain limited business, operating and financial information to Parent. 

On May 3, 2002, Parent submitted a non-binding outline of proposed acquisition terms to the Company. The outline reflected a proposed acquisition by Parent of the Company
at a price of $1.45 to $2.00 per Share in a cash tender offer for all outstanding Shares, subject to due diligence, board approval and other customary conditions. 

On May 8, 2002, the Company notified Parent that it was considering another acquisition proposal that was financially superior to the proposal made by Parent on May 3,
2002. 

On May 10, 2002, Parent submitted a revised outline of proposed acquisition terms to the Company at a per
Share price of $2.30. The proposal remained subject to due diligence, board approval and other customary conditions. Later that same day, senior management of Parent called the Company and reviewed this outline of proposed acquisition terms. Later
that same day, the board of directors of Parent approved the proposed acquisition of the Company at a special meeting and authorized Parent management to proceed with the proposed acquisition, to conduct further due diligence, and to negotiate
definitive agreements. 

On May 11, 2002, Parent delivered a preliminary, non-binding term sheet and an agreement
providing for exclusive negotiations between the two parties to reach a definitive acquisition agreement no later than June 15, 2002. The exclusivity agreement provided that the Company would negotiate exclusively with Openwave



concerning a potential transaction until June 15, 2002, subject to a standard fiduciary out provision which would permit SignalSoft to engage in discussions with respect to any
unsolicited bona fide written acquisition proposal if the Board deemed it necessary in order for it to discharge properly its duties under applicable law. The exclusivity agreement also provided for a termination fee of $2.3 million to be paid to
Parent if the Company breached the exclusivity provisions on or prior to June 15, 2002, and provided for such termination fee (plus up to $750,000 in expenses) to be paid to Parent if the Company was acquired by another company as a result of a
solicitation made prior to the end of such exclusivity period. A copy of the exclusivity agreement is filed as Exhibit (d)(5) to the Schedule TO. The description of the exclusivity agreement herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
exclusivity agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference. The exclusivity agreement was unanimously approved by the board of directors of the Company and entered into between Parent and the Company on May 13, 2002. On May 13, 2002, counsel
for Parent provided a preliminary legal due diligence request list to counsel for the Company. 

Beginning on May
13, 2002 and continuing through the execution of definitive agreements on May 28, 2002, Parent and its representatives conducted a full due diligence review with respect to the Companys business. The review included due diligence in areas
relating to technology, engineering, products, finance, operations, accounting, legal and others. During this period, Parent and its representatives held meetings to review and discuss with management and representatives of the Company the business,
operating and financial condition of the Company, as well as other functional areas covered by the due diligence effort. 

On May 17, 2002, counsel for Parent provided a draft of a merger agreement to counsel for the Company. On May 18, 2002, counsel for Parent provided a draft of a stockholders agreement to counsel for the Company. Between May 20 and
May 28, 2002, representatives of Parent and the Company negotiated the terms of the proposed merger agreement, and representatives of Parent, the Company and certain stockholders of the Company negotiated the terms of the proposed stockholders
agreement. 

On May 24, 2002, representatives of Parent and the Company held a conference call to discuss issues
relating to due diligence, deal pricing and legal documentation. During this call, management of Parent indicated that as a result of Parents further review of the business and prospects of the Company over the preceding ten-day period, it was
no longer willing to pay the $2.30 per Share price that Parent had most recently proposed in its term sheet, but that Parent was still prepared to move forward with an acquisition at a revised purchase price of $2.26 per Share. 

In response, the Company indicated that it had received an oral offer from another party with an aggregate value of $65 million
(or approximately $2.49 per Share). Representatives of the Company asked Parent to reconsider its valuation of the Company in view of this higher indication of interest from a third party. Parent advised the Company that day that it would not raise
its price above $2.26 per Share and that it would withdraw its interest if the Company engaged in further negotiations with the other party. 

On May 28, 2002, the board of directors of the Company held a special meeting at which it considered and unanimously approved the proposed transaction with Parent at a price per Share of $2.26 and
authorized proceeding with the Offer, the Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby and by the Merger Agreement, and determined to recommend that SignalSofts stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares in the Offer.

Subsequent to these board meetings, on May 28, 2002, Parent, the Purchaser and the Company executed the Merger
Agreement, and Parent and certain stockholders of the Company executed the Stockholders Agreement. Additionally on May 28, 2002, Parent and Mr. Hose executed the Employment Offer Letter. 

Prior to the opening of trading of the common stock of the Company on the Nasdaq National Market on May 29, 2002, Parent issued a press release announcing the definitive
Merger Agreement and Stockholders Agreement. 



On June 11, 2002, the Purchaser commenced the Offer. 

During the course of the Offer, Parent and the Purchaser intend to have ongoing contacts with the Company and its directors, officers,
stockholders and representatives. 

12.    PURPOSE OF THE OFFER; PLANS FOR THE COMPANY. 

Purpose
of the Offer.
    The purpose of the Offer is to enable Parent to acquire control of, and the entire equity interest in, the Company. The Offer is being made pursuant to the Merger Agreement and is intended to increase the
likelihood that the Merger will be effected. The purpose of the Merger is to acquire all outstanding Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer. The transaction is structured as a merger in order to ensure the acquisition by Parent of all the
outstanding Shares. 

If the Merger is consummated, Parents common equity interest in the Company would
increase to 100% and Parent would be entitled to all benefits resulting from that interest. These benefits include complete management with regard to the future conduct of the Companys business and any increase in its value. Similarly, Parent
will also bear the risk of any losses incurred in the operation of the Company and any decrease in the value of the Company. 

Stockholders of the Company who sell their Shares in the Offer will cease to have any equity interest in the Company and to participate in its earnings and any future growth. If the Merger is consummated, the stockholders will no
longer have an equity interest in the Company and instead will have only the right to receive cash consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement. See Section 13  The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements. Similarly, the
stockholders of the Company will not bear the risk of any decrease in the value of the Company after selling their Shares in the Offer or the subsequent Merger. 

The primary benefits of the Offer and the Merger to the stockholders of the Company are that such stockholders are being afforded an opportunity to sell all of their Shares for cash at a price which
represents a premium of approximately 113% over the closing market price of the Common Stock on the last full trading day prior to the public announcement that the Company, Parent and the Purchaser executed the Merger Agreement. 

Plans for the Company
.
    Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, promptly upon the
purchase of and payment for any Shares by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, Parent currently intends to seek the maximum representation on the Company Board, subject to the requirement in the Merger Agreement that if Shares are purchased pursuant
to the Offer, there will be until the Effective Time at least two members of the Company Board who qualify as independent directors and who are not current or former executive officers of the Company, and at least one incumbent member of the Company
Board (who may be a current or former executive officer of the Company). 

Parent intends to continue to evaluate
the business and the operations of the Company during the pendency of the Offer. After consummation of the Offer, Parent intends to conduct a detailed review of the Company and its assets, corporate structure, dividend policy, capitalization,
operations, properties, policies, management and personnel and will consider, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, what, if any, changes would be desirable in light of the circumstances which exist upon completion of the Offer. Such changes
could include changes in the Companys business, corporate structure, certificate of incorporation, by-laws, capitalization, board of directors, management or dividend policy, although, except as disclosed above, Parent has no current plans
with respect to any of such matters. 

The Merger Agreement provides that the directors of the Purchaser and the
officers of the Company at the Effective Time of the Merger will, from and after the Effective Time, be the initial directors and officers, respectively, of the Surviving Corporation. 



Except as disclosed in this Offer to Purchase, neither Parent nor the Purchaser
has any present plans or proposals that would result in an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization, liquidation, sale or transfer of material amounts of assets, relocation of operations, involving the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, or any material changes in the Companys corporate structure, business or composition of its management or personnel. 

13.    THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND OTHER AGREEMENTS. 

Merger Agreement 

The following summary of certain provisions of the Merger Agreement is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Merger Agreement has been filed by Parent and the Purchaser, pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act, as Exhibit (d)(1) to
the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (together with any amendments, supplements, schedules, annexes and exhibits thereto, the Schedule TO). The Merger Agreement may be examined and copies may be obtained at the places and in the
manner set forth in Section 8  Certain Information Concerning the Company. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement. 

The Offer
.    The Merger Agreement provides for the making of the Offer. The terms of the Offer are described
in Section 1  Terms of the Offer. The obligation of the Purchaser to accept for payment and pay for Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer is subject to the satisfaction of the Minimum Condition and certain other conditions
described in Section 14  Certain Conditions of the Offer. 

The
Merger
.    The Merger Agreement provides that, following the consummation of the Offer, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, at the Effective Time of the Merger (i) the Purchaser will be merged with and into the
Company and, as a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of the Purchaser will cease, (ii) the Company will be the successor or surviving corporation (sometimes referred to as the Surviving Corporation) in the Merger and
will continue to be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, (iii) the separate corporate existence of the Company with all its rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises will continue unaffected by the Merger, and (iv) the Company
will succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of the Purchaser. 

The respective obligations of Parent
and the Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of each of the following conditions: (i) the Merger
Agreement will have been approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the holders of the Shares, to the extent required by the Companys certificate of incorporation and the DGCL, in order to consummate the Merger; (ii) no law will have been
enacted or promulgated by any United States or other governmental entity which prohibits the consummation of the Merger, and there will be no order or injunction of a court of competent jurisdiction in effect preventing the consummation of the
Merger, (iii) the Purchaser will have purchased, or caused to be purchased, the Shares pursuant to the Offer, unless such failure to purchase is a result of a breach of the Purchasers obligation to accept for payment or pay for Shares validly
tendered pursuant to the Offer in violation of the terms of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, and (iv) the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act and any comparable provisions under any applicable foreign pre-merger notification laws or
regulations will have expired or been terminated. 

At the Effective Time of the Merger (i) each issued and
outstanding share of Purchaser Common Stock will be converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, and (ii) each Share that is owned by the Company as treasury stock and each Share
owned by Parent, the Purchaser or any other wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent will be automatically cancelled and retired and will cease to exist, and no consideration will be delivered in exchange therefor, and (iii) each issued and



outstanding Share will be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, without interest, paid pursuant to the Offer. From and after the Effective Time, all such Shares will no longer be
outstanding and will automatically be cancelled and retired and will cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such Shares will cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger
Consideration therefore upon the surrender of such certificate without interest thereon. 

 Company Option
Plans
.    As of the Effective Time, each outstanding stock option, stock equivalent right or right to acquire Shares (a Company Option or Company Options) granted under the Companys 1995
Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, the 2000 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2000 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (collectively, the Option Plans), whether or not then exercisable or vested, will be (i) deemed to be one hundred percent (100%)
vested and exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time; and (ii) immediately prior to the Effective Time, cancelled. In consideration of such cancellation, Parent will, or will cause the Surviving Corporation to, promptly following the
Effective Time, pay to such holders of Company Options, an amount equal to the product of (x) the excess, if any, of the Offer Price over the exercise price of each such Option and (y) the number of unexercised Shares subject to such Options. As of
the Effective Time, the Option Plans will terminate and all rights under any provision of any other plan, program or arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any other interest in respect of the capital stock of the Company or any Company
subsidiary will be cancelled. 

The Companys Board of Directors
.    The Merger
Agreement provides that effective upon the purchase of and payment for any Shares by Parent or the Purchaser or any of their affiliates pursuant to the Offer, Parent will be entitled to elect or designate such number of directors, rounded up to the
next whole number, on the Companys board of directors as is equal to the product of the total number of directors on the Companys board of directors multiplied by the percentage that the aggregate number of Shares beneficially owned by
the Purchaser, Parent and any of their affiliates bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding. The Company will, upon Parents request, use its reasonable efforts either to promptly increase the size of the Companys board of
directors, including by amending the Bylaws of the Company if necessary so as to increase the size of the Companys board of directors, or promptly secure the written resignations of such number of its incumbent directors, or both, as is
necessary to enable Parents designees to be so elected or designated to the Companys board of directors, and will use its reasonable efforts to cause Parents designees to be so elected or designated at such time. At such time, the
Company will, upon Parents request, also cause persons elected or designated by Parent to constitute the same percentage (rounded up to the next whole number) as is on the Companys board of directors of (i) each committee of the
Companys board of directors, (ii) each board of directors (or similar body) of each Company subsidiary, and (iii) each committee (or similar body) of each such board, in each case only to the extent permitted by applicable law or the rules of
any stock exchange on which the Company Common Stock is listed. The Companys obligations with respect to this section of the Merger Agreement are subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 General Rules and Regulations under
the Exchange Act. 

In the event that Parents designees are elected or designated to the Company Board of
Directors, then, until the Effective Time, the Company will cause the Company Board of Directors to have at least three directors who are directors on the date hereof including at least two members who are independent directors for purposes of the
continued listing requirements of Nasdaq (the Independent Directors), provided, however, that if any Independent Director is unable to serve due to death or disability, the remaining Independent Director(s) will be entitled to elect or
designate another person (or persons) who serves as a director on the date hereof to fill such vacancy, and such person (or persons) will be deemed to be an Independent Director for purposes of the Merger Agreement. If no Independent Director then
remains, the other directors will designate two persons who are directors on the date hereof (or, in the event there will be less than two directors available to fill such vacancies as a result of such persons deaths, disabilities or refusals
to serve, such smaller number of persons who are directors on the date hereof) to fill such vacancies and such persons will be deemed Independent Directors for purposes of the Merger Agreement. If Parents designees constitute a majority of the
Company Board of Directors after the acceptance for payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer and prior to the Effective Time, then the affirmative vote of a majority of the Independent Directors (or if only one exists, then the vote of such



Independent Director) will be required to (i) amend or terminate the Merger Agreement by the Company; (ii) exercise or waive any of the Companys rights, benefits or remedies hereunder, if
such action would substantially and adversely affect holders of Shares other than Parent or Purchaser; (iii) amend the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company if such action would substantially and adversely affect holders of Shares
other than Parent or Purchaser; or (iv) take any other action of the Company Board of Directors under or in connection with the Merger Agreement if such action would substantially and adversely affect holders of Shares other than Parent or
Purchaser; provided, however, that if there are no Independent Directors as a result of such persons deaths, disabilities or refusal to serve, then such actions may be effected by majority vote of the entire Company Board of Directors.

 Stockholders Meeting
.    Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, if required by
applicable law in order to consummate the Merger, the Company will promptly (i) duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a special meeting of its stockholders to consider the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the approval of the
Merger (the Special Meeting) as soon as reasonably practicable following the acceptance for payment and purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer for the purpose of considering and taking action upon the Merger Agreement,
(ii) prepare and file with the SEC under the Exchange Act a preliminary proxy or information statement relating to the Merger and the Merger Agreement and use all reasonable efforts to obtain and furnish the information required to be included by
the SEC in the definitive proxy or information statement (the Proxy Statement) and, after Parent and its counsel have had a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Proxy Statement, respond promptly to any comments made by the
SEC with respect to the preliminary proxy or information statement and cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to its stockholders as promptly as practicable, (iii) include in the Proxy Statement the recommendation of the Company Board of Directors
that stockholders of the Company vote in favor of the approval of the Merger and the adoption of the Merger Agreement, and (iv) use its reasonable efforts to solicit from holders of Shares proxies in favor of the Merger and take all other action
reasonably necessary or advisable to secure the approval of stockholders required by the DGCL and any other applicable law and the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws (if applicable) to effect the Merger. 

The Merger Agreement provides that Parent will vote, or cause to be voted, all of the Shares then owned by it, the Purchaser or any of its
other subsidiaries in favor of the approval of the Merger and adoption of the Merger Agreement. 

Interim
Operations; Covenants
.    Until the earlier of the termination of the Merger Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, the Company and each of its subsidiaries have agreed, except to the extent that Parent
otherwise consents in writing, to carry on its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course, in substantially the same manner as previously conducted and in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations; pay its
debts and taxes when due subject to good faith disputes over such debts; pay or perform other material obligations when due; and use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and policies to (i) preserve intact its present
business organization, (ii) keep available the services of its present officers, employees and contractors and (iii) preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees and others with which it has business dealings.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, without the prior written consent of Parent, during the period from the date of
the Merger Agreement and continuing until the earlier of its termination or the Effective Time, the Company will not do any of the following and will not permit its subsidiaries to do any of the following (except as may be expressly contemplated or
specifically permitted by the Merger Agreement): 

(a)        Waive any
stock repurchase rights, accelerate, amend or change the period of exercisability of options or restricted stock, or reprice options granted under any employee, consultant, director or other stock plans or authorize cash payments in exchange for any
options granted under any of such plans; 

(b)        Adopt a plan of
complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization (other than the Merger); 



(c)        Grant any severance or
termination pay to any officer or employee except pursuant to written agreements in effect, or policies existing, on the date hereof and as previously disclosed in writing to Parent, or adopt any new severance, retention or change in control plan;

(d)        Transfer or license to any person or entity or otherwise
extend, amend or modify in any material respect any rights to intellectual property of the Company, other than nonexclusive licenses in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 

(e)        Declare, set aside, or pay any dividends on or make any other distributions (whether in
cash, stock, equity securities or property) in respect of any capital stock or split, combine or reclassify any capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for any capital
stock; 

(f)        Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or
indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company or its subsidiaries, or any instrument or security that consists of a right to acquire such shares except repurchases of unvested shares at cost in connection with the termination of the
employment relationship with any employee pursuant to stock option or purchase agreements in effect on May 28, 2002; 

(g)        Issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of capital stock, or subscriptions, rights,
warrants or options to acquire any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of capital stock, or enter into other agreements or commitments of any character obligating it to issue any such shares or convertible securities,
other than the issuance, delivery and/or sale of shares of the Company Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options or warrants therefor outstanding as of May 28, 2002; 

(h)        Split, combine or reclassify any class of capital stock; 

(i)        Cause, permit or propose any amendments to its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or other charter documents (or
similar governing instruments of any of its subsidiaries); 

(j)        Acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing any equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any
corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof; or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets which are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the business of the Company; or enter into any
joint ventures, strategic partnerships or alliances, other than content alliance, reseller and distribution agreements in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 

(k)        Sell, transfer, lease, license (outside of the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), mortgage,
pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of any properties or assets which are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the business of the Company; 

(l)        Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or options,
warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of the Company, enter into any keep well or other agreement to maintain any financial statement condition, incur or modify any other material liability or enter into any
arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing other than (i) in connection with the financing of ordinary course trade payables consistent with past practice or (ii) pursuant to existing credit facilities as in effect on the date
hereof in the ordinary course of business; 

(m)        Adopt or amend any
employee benefit plan or employee stock purchase or employee stock option plan, or enter into any employment contract, consulting agreement or collective bargaining agreement (other than offer letters and letter agreements entered into in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice with employees who are terminable at will), pay any special bonus or special remuneration to any director, officer, consultant or employee, or increase the salaries or wage rates
or fringe benefits (including rights to severance or indemnification) of its directors, officers, employees or consultants other than increases to employees who are not directors or affiliates in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
practice or make any loans to any of its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents or consultants or make any change in



its existing borrowing or lending arrangements for or on behalf of any of such persons pursuant to an employee benefit plan or otherwise; 

(n)        Pay or make any accrual or arrangement for payment of any pension, retirement allowance or other employee benefit
pursuant to any existing plan, agreement or arrangement to any officer, director, employee or affiliate or pay or agree to pay or make any accrual or arrangement for payment to any officers, directors, employees or affiliates of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries of any amount relating to unused vacation days, except payments and accruals made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; adopt or pay, grant, issue, accelerate or accrue salary or other payments or
benefits pursuant to any pension, profit-sharing, bonus, extra compensation, incentive, deferred compensation, stock purchase, stock option, stock appreciation right, group insurance, severance pay, retirement or other employee benefit plan,
agreement or arrangement, or any employment or consulting agreement with or for the benefit of any Company or Company subsidiary director, officer, employee, agent or consultant, whether past or present, or amend in any material respect any such
existing plan, agreement or arrangement in a manner inconsistent with the foregoing; 

(o)        Modify, amend or terminate any material contract or agreement to which the Company or any subsidiary thereof is a party, including any joint venture agreement, or waive, release or
assign any material rights or claims thereunder; 

(p)        Pay,
discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of any such claims, liabilities or obligations, in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, or of claims, liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in, or contemplated by, the consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company; 

(q)        Except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, enter into any
licensing, distribution, sponsorship, advertising, merchant program, encoding services, hosting or other similar contracts, agreements, or obligations which may not be canceled without penalty by the Company or its subsidiaries upon notice of thirty
(30) days or less or which provide for payments by or to the Company or its subsidiaries in an amount in excess of $45,000 over the term of any single agreement or $100,000 in the aggregate over the term of all such agreements or which involve any
exclusive terms of any kind; 

(r)        Permit any insurance policy
naming it as a beneficiary or a loss payee to be cancelled or terminated without notice to Parent; 

(s)        Revalue any of its assets or, except as required by generally accepted accounting principles, make any change in accounting methods, principles or practices; 

(t)        Make or change any election relating to taxes, adopt or change any accounting method
relating to taxes, enter into any closing agreement relating to taxes, file any amended tax return, settle or consent to any claim or assessment relating to taxes, incur any obligation to make any payment of, or in respect of, any taxes, except in
the ordinary course of business, or agree to extend or waive the statutory period of limitations for the assessment or collection of taxes; 

(u)        Fail to make in a timely manner any filings with the SEC required under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act or the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder; 

(v)        Take any action that would
or is reasonably likely to result in any of the conditions to the Merger or any of the conditions to the Offer not being satisfied, or would make any representation or warranty of the Company contained in the Merger Agreement inaccurate in any
material respect at, or as of any time prior to, the Effective Time, or that would materially impair the ability of the Company to consummate the Merger or materially delay such consummation; or 

(w)        Enter into any written agreement, contract, commitment or arrangement to do any of the foregoing, or authorize,
recommend, propose, in writing or otherwise or announce an intention to do any of the foregoing. 

No
Solicitation.
    Each of the Company and its Representatives (as defined below) has ceased and caused to be terminated all existing solicitations, initiations, encouragements, discussions, negotiations and



communications with any persons or entities with respect to any offer or proposal relating to any transaction or series of related transactions other than the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement involving: (A) any acquisition or purchase from the Company by any person or group (as defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) of more than a fifteen percent (15%)
interest in the total outstanding voting securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in any person or group (as defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) beneficially owning fifteen percent (15%) or more of the total outstanding voting securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any merger, (B) any consolidation, business combination or
similar transaction involving the Company pursuant to which the stockholders of the Company immediately preceding such transaction hold less than eighty-five percent (85%) of the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such
transaction; (C) any sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of business), exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of business), acquisition or disposition of more than fifteen percent (15%) of the assets of the
Company; or (D) any recapitalization, restructuring, liquidation or dissolution of the Company (each, an Acquisition Proposal). Except as provided in the next paragraph, until the earlier of termination of the Merger Agreement or the
Effective Time, the Company will not and will not authorize or permit its officers, directors, employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants or other agents or those of its subsidiaries (collectively, Representatives) to directly
or indirectly (i) initiate, solicit or knowingly encourage, or knowingly take any action to facilitate the making of, any offer or proposal which constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) enter into any agreement
with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) in the event of an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal for the Company, engage in negotiations or discussions with, or provide any information or data to, any person (other than Parent or any of its
affiliates or representatives) relating to any Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in the Merger Agreement will prohibit the Company or the Company Board of Directors from (x) taking and disclosing to the
Companys stockholders its position with respect to any tender or exchange offer by a third party pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act, or (y) making such disclosure to the Companys stockholders as in the
good faith judgment of the Company Board of Directors, only after receipt of advice from outside legal counsel to the Company that such disclosure is required under applicable law and that the failure to make such disclosure is reasonably likely to
cause the Company Board of Directors to violate its fiduciary duties to the Companys stockholders under applicable law, is required. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the acceptance of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Company may furnish information concerning its business, properties or assets to any person pursuant to a confidentiality agreement
with terms (other than any standstill arrangement) no less favorable to the Company than those contained in the confidentiality agreement, dated as of February 28, 2002, entered into between Parent and the Company (the Confidentiality
Agreement), and may negotiate and participate in discussions and negotiations with such person concerning an Acquisition Proposal if, but only if, (x) such Acquisition Proposal provides for consideration to be received by the holders of all,
but not less than all, of the issued and outstanding Shares (a Takeover Proposal); (y) such person has in the absence of any violation of the Merger Agreement by the Company, submitted a bona fide written proposal to the Company relating
to any such Takeover Proposal which at least a majority of the full Board of Directors determines in good faith, after receiving advice from a nationally recognized investment banking firm and advice from its outside legal counsel, involves
consideration to the holders of the Shares that is superior to the consideration offered pursuant to the Offer, otherwise represents a superior transaction to the Offer and the Merger, is reasonably capable of being completed by no later than the
Termination Date and which is not conditioned upon obtaining additional financing, or any regulatory approvals beyond or in addition to those regulatory approvals provided for in the Merger Agreement, in the good faith opinion of the Company Board
of Directors, only after consultation with outside legal counsel to the Company, providing such information or access or engaging in such discussions or negotiations is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and the failure to
provide such information or access or to engage in such discussions or negotiations would cause the Company Board of Directors to violate its fiduciary duties to the Companys stockholders under applicable law (a Takeover Proposal which
satisfies clauses (x), (y) and (z) being referred to herein as a Superior Proposal). The Company has agreed to promptly, and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of a Superior Proposal and prior to providing any
such party with any



material non-public information, notify Parent orally and in writing of such Superior Proposal, including the identity of the other party and its material terms. The Company has agreed to
promptly, and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours following a determination by the Company Board of Directors that a Takeover Proposal is a Superior Proposal and prior to providing any such party with any material non-public information,
notify Parent of such determination. The Company will promptly provide to Parent any material non-public information regarding the Company provided to any other party which was not previously provided to Parent, no later than the date of provision
of such information to such other party. 

The Merger Agreement provides that neither the Company Board of
Directors nor any committee thereof will (i) withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, to Parent or to Purchaser, the approval or recommendation by the Company
Board of Directors or any such committee of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger, (ii) approve or recommend or propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal or (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition
Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the time of acceptance for payment of Shares in the Offer, the Company Board of Directors may withdraw or modify its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger,
approve or recommend a Superior Proposal, or enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal, in each case at any time after the third business day following the Companys delivery to Parent of written notice advising Parent that
the Company Board of Directors has received a Superior Proposal, specifying the material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal, identifying the Person making such Superior Proposal and advising Parent that the Company intends to withdraw or
modify its approval or recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger, approve or recommend a Superior Proposal, or enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal (specifying which course of action the Company intends
to take); provided, however, that the Company will not enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal unless the Company will also have terminated the Merger Agreement as provided for in the next paragraph. Any such withdrawal,
modification or change of the recommendation of the Company Board of Directors, the approval or recommendation or proposed approval or recommendation of any Superior Proposal or the entry by the Company into any agreement with respect to any
Superior Proposal will not change the approval of the Company Board of Directors for purposes of causing any state takeover statute or other state law to be inapplicable to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including each of the
Offer, the Merger, and the Stockholders Agreement. 

The Company may terminate the Merger Agreement and enter into
a letter of intent, agreement-in-principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement (each, an Acquisition Agreement) with respect to a Superior Proposal, provided that, prior to any such termination, (i) the Company has provided
Parent written notice that it intends to terminate the Merger Agreement, identifying the Superior Proposal then determined to be more favorable and the parties thereto and delivered a copy of the related Acquisition Agreement in the form to be
entered into, (ii) during the period following the delivery of the notice referred to in clause (i) above, during which Parent has the right to propose adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement and the Company will have caused
its financial and legal advisors to negotiate with Parent in good faith such proposed adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, (iii) at least three (3) full business days after the Company has provided the notice referred to
in clause (i) above, the Company delivers to Parent (A) a written notice of termination of the Merger Agreement, and (B) a wire transfer of immediately available funds in the amount of $2,300,000 (the Termination Fee) plus the documented
out-of-pocket expenses of Parent and Purchaser incurred in connection with the Offer, the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the other contemplated transactions, up to $750,000 (the Expense Fee), as the same may have
been estimated by Parent in good faith prior to the date of such delivery (subject to an adjustment payment between the parties upon Parents definitive determination of such expenses), and (C) a written acknowledgment from each other party to
such Superior Proposal that it waives any right it may have to contest the validity or enforceability of any of the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement or the Stockholders Agreement. 

Indemnification and Insurance.
    The Merger Agreement provides that for a period of six years after the Effective Time (or, in the case of
matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time for which a claim is asserted



within the six-year period, until such matters are finally resolved), Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of the Company pursuant to
any indemnification agreements dated prior to the date hereof and set forth in the disclosure schedule to the Merger Agreement, between the Company and its directors and officers as of the Effective Time (the Indemnified Parties) and any
indemnification provisions under the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws as in effect on the date hereof. The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation will contain provisions with respect to exculpation,
indemnification and advancement of expenses that are at least as favorable to the Indemnified Parties as those contained in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company as in effect on the date hereof, which provisions will not be
amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six years from the Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of individuals who, at any time on or following the date hereof to immediately prior to the
Effective Time, were directors or officers of the Company, unless such modification is required by applicable law. 

The Merger Agreement provides that for a period of six years after the Effective Time, Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in effect, if available, directors and
officers liability insurance covering those persons who are currently covered by the Companys directors and officers liability and fiduciary insurance policy on terms no less favorable than those applicable to the current
directors and officers of the Company; with an amount of coverage of not less than 100% of the amount of coverage maintained by the Company as of the date of the Merger Agreement, with respect to matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time
(including, without limitation, the Transactions); provided, however, that in no event will the Surviving Corporation be required to expend annually in excess of one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the annual premium currently paid by the
Company for such coverage (or such coverage as is available for such one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of such annual premium). 

Representations and Warranties
.    Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has made customary representations and warranties to Parent and the Purchaser with respect to, among other things,
its organization, capitalization, authority relative to the Transactions, validity of the agreement, approvals by its board of directors, the vote of its stockholders required to approve the Transactions, consents and approvals necessary for the
Company to consummate the Transactions, the Companys financial statements and public filings, conduct of the Companys business, its liabilities, litigation involving the Company, employee benefit plans, taxes, its contracts, real and
personal property, intellectual property, labor matters, compliance with applicable laws, environmental matters, information that the Company may provide in the Proxy Statement, if any, information that the Company has provided in the Schedule 14D-9
filed by the Company in accordance with the Exchange Act, the opinion of the Companys financial advisor, insurance, brokers that may be entitled to any fees from the Company and personnel. 

Certain representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement made by the Company are qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect.
For purposes of the Merger Agreement and this Offer to Purchase, the term Material Adverse Effect with respect to any entity or group of entities, means any event, change, condition or effect, event occurrence, states of facts or
developments, individually or together with other events, changes, conditions, effects, events or developments, states of facts or developments, that (x) is materially adverse, in the short term or the long term, to the condition (financial or
otherwise), properties, assets (including intangible assets), prospects, liabilities, business, operations or results of operations of such entity and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (y) would prevent or materially alter or delay any of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement except, for each of (x) and (y) above, to the extent that no such event, change, condition or effect results principally from changes in general economic conditions, or from changes affecting the
industry generally in which the party operates and which do not affect such party disproportionately. 

Pursuant to
the Merger Agreement, each of Parent and the Purchaser has made customary representations and warranties to the Company with respect to, among other things, its organization, authority to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate the
Transactions, consents and approvals necessary to consummate the



Transactions, information that each of Parent and the Purchaser may provide in the Proxy Statement, if any, information that each of Parent and the Purchaser has provided in the Offer Documents
filed by Parent and the Purchaser in accordance with the Exchange Act and Purchasers financial ability to consummate the Offer. 

 Termination; Fees
.    The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement may be abandoned at any time before the Effective Time, whether before or
after stockholder approval thereof: 

(a)        By mutual written consent
of Parent and the Company duly authorized by the Boards of Directors of Parent and the Company, respectively; or 

(b)        By either Parent or the Company (i) if a court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity will have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action, in each
case permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting any of the Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Stockholders Agreement; (ii) if the Merger has not been consummated by September 27, 2002 (the Termination
Date) at any time following the Termination Date unless such party has expressly restricted in writing its right to terminate the Merger Agreement in accordance with this clause (b); provided, however, that the right to terminate the Merger
Agreement pursuant to this clause (b) is not available to any party whose action or failure to fulfill any obligation under the Merger Agreement has been the principal cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Merger to be consummated by such
date; or 

(c)        By Parent (i) prior to the purchase of Shares
pursuant to the Offer, if there has been a breach by the Company of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in the Merger Agreement, which breach is reasonably likely to result in any condition to the consummation of the Offer
not being satisfied (and such breach has not been cured or such condition has not been satisfied within thirty (30) days after the receipt of notice thereof or such breach is not reasonably capable of being cured or such condition is not reasonably
capable of being satisfied within such period); or (ii) if due to an occurrence or circumstance that would result in a failure to satisfy any condition to the consummation of the Offer, Purchaser will have (x) failed to commence the Offer within ten
(10) business days following the date of the Merger Agreement, (y) terminated the Offer without having accepted any Shares for payment thereunder or (z) failed to accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer prior to the Termination Date, unless
such action or inaction under clauses (x), (y) or (z) was principally caused by or resulted from the failure of Parent or Purchaser to perform, in any material respect, any of their material covenants or agreements contained in the Merger Agreement,
or the material breach by Parent or Purchaser of any of their material representations or warranties contained in the Merger Agreement; or 

(d)        By the Company if (i) there has been a material breach by Parent of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in the Merger Agreement (and such breach
has not been cured or such condition has not been satisfied within thirty days after the receipt of notice thereof or such breach is not reasonably capable of being cured or such condition is not reasonably capable of being satisfied within such
period); or (ii) Purchaser has (x) failed to commence the Offer within ten business days following the date of the Merger Agreement, (y) terminated the Offer without having accepted all Shares properly tendered for payment thereunder or (z) failed
to accept any Shares properly tendered for payment pursuant to the Offer prior to the Termination Date, unless such action or inaction under clauses (x), (y) or (z) was principally caused by or resulted from the failure of the Company to perform, in
any material respect, any of its material covenants or agreements contained in the Merger Agreement, or the material breach by the Company of any of its material representations or warranties contained in the Merger Agreement; or 

(e)        By Parent, at any time prior to the purchase of the Shares pursuant to the
Offer, if (i) the Company Board of Directors has withdrawn, modified, or changed its approval or recommendation of the Merger Agreement or the Offer in a manner adverse to the Parent or to Purchaser or failed to reaffirm its approval and
recommendation within one business day following Parents reasonable request to do so, (ii) the Company Board of Directors has recommended to the Companys stockholders any proposal other than by Parent or Purchaser in respect of an
Acquisition Proposal, (iii) the Company has exercised a right to have discussions with respect to a Superior Proposal and has, directly or through its Representatives, continued discussions with any third party concerning a Superior Proposal for
more than ten business days after the date of receipt of such Superior



Proposal, (iv) an Acquisition Proposal has been commenced, publicly proposed or communicated to the Company or its stockholders and the Company has not rejected such proposal in a manner that
becomes publicly disclosed within ten business days of its receipt or, if sooner, the date its existence first becomes publicly disclosed, or (v) the Company has violated or breached any of its non-solicitation obligations under the Merger
Agreement; or 

(f)        By the Company in the event of its termination
of the Merger Agreement and entry into an Acquisition Agreement, in accordance with which the Company has paid the Termination Fee and the Expense Fee. 

If (i) Parent has terminated the Merger Agreement pursuant to clause (e) above, or (ii) the Company has terminated the Merger Agreement pursuant to clause (f) above, then the Company will pay to Parent
promptly, but in no event later than two (2) business days after the date of such termination if pursuant to clause (c) above, or concurrently with such termination if pursuant to clause (f) above, the Termination Fee and the Expense Fee. If Parent
has terminated the Merger Agreement pursuant to clause (c) above and either (i) the Minimum Condition has not been satisfied prior to the Termination Date or (ii) the Company has willfully breached the Merger Agreement and prior to the first
anniversary of such termination of the Merger Agreement the Company enters into a written agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to an Acquisition Proposal with any party other than the Parent, or consummates such a transaction, then
the Company is required to pay to Parent promptly, but in no event later than two (2) business days after the consummation of such transaction, the Termination Fee and the Expense Fee. 

Stockholders Agreement 

The following summary of certain
provisions of the Stockholders Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Stockholders Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which has been filed with the SEC as Exhibit (d)(2) to the Schedule TO.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the Stockholders Agreement. 

As a condition and inducement to Parents and the Purchasers willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Stockholders, who in the aggregate have voting power and dispositive power with respect to an aggregate of
7,428,126 Shares and hold options to purchase 67,500 Shares as of May 28, 2002, concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, entered into the Stockholders Agreement. Three of the Stockholders are the founders of the Company,
one of whom is the President and CEO of the Company. 

Each Stockholder has agreed that he or it will tender their
Shares into the Offer as promptly as practicable and in any event no later than five business days following the commencement of the Offer, and will not withdraw such tendered Shares until the Offer has terminated or expired without Purchaser
purchasing all Shares validly tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn.

Each Stockholder has agreed that,
prior to the termination of the Stockholders Agreement pursuant to its terms, he or it will not (i) transfer, assign, sell, gift-over, pledge or otherwise dispose of, or consent to any of the foregoing (Transfer), any or all of the
Shares or any right or interest therein; (ii) enter into any contract, option or other agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to any Transfer; (iii) grant any proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to
any of the Shares; (iv) deposit any of the Shares into a voting trust, or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the Shares or (v) take any other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere with the
performance of the Stockholders obligations under the Stockholders Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby. 

Each Stockholder has granted Parent a proxy, irrevocable until termination of the Stockholders Agreement, with respect to the voting of such Shares (i) in favor of the Merger or any other transaction pursuant to which Parent proposes
to acquire the Company for which shareholders of the Company would receive consideration per share equal to or greater than the consideration to be received by such shareholders in the Offer and the Merger



and (ii) against any Acquisition Proposal not made by Parent or Purchaser and against any action or agreement which would impede, interfere with or prevent the Merger. 

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Stockholders Agreement, each Stockholder has granted to Parent a continuing option (the
Option), irrevocable until termination of the Stockholders Agreement, to purchase for cash all or any portion of the Common Stock beneficially owned by such Stockholder as of the date of the Stockholders Agreement, or beneficially owned
by such Stockholder at any time after the date of the Stockholders Agreement (including, without limitation, by way of exercise of options, warrants or other rights to purchase Company Common Stock or by way of dividend, distribution, exchange,
merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reorganization, stock split, grant of proxy or otherwise, but excluding shares owned by other Stockholders) by such Stockholder (as adjusted as set forth in the Stockholders Agreement) (the Option
Shares) at a purchase price equal to $2.26 per share or any higher price that may be paid in the Offer or the Merger. Parent may exercise the Option with respect to any Option Shares held by any Stockholder by notice given to such Stockholder
at any time prior to termination of the Stockholders Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, each
Stockholder ceased and caused to be terminated all solicitations, encouragements, discussions, negotiations and communications with any persons with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. Each Stockholder has agreed that such Stockholder will not and
will not authorize or permit its Representatives to directly or indirectly (i) solicit, initiate, encourage, discuss, negotiate, or communicate with any persons with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or knowingly take any action to facilitate the
making of any offer or proposal which constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) in the event of an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal for
the Company, engage in negotiations or discussions with, or provide any information or data to, any person (other than Parent or any of its affiliates or representatives) relating to such Acquisition Proposal. 

The Stockholders Agreement, and all rights and obligations of the parties thereunder, will terminate immediately upon the earliest of (a)
December 18, 2002, (b) six months following the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, if the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to a provision under which Parent is or may become entitled to the Termination Fee, (c)
the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, if the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to any provision under which Parent is not and will not become entitled to the Termination Fee, and (d) the Effective Time;
provided, however, that in the event that, prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement pursuant to the terms hereof, Parent has notified any Stockholder of its exercise of the Options pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, the Stockholders
Agreement will not terminate until ten business days following the date specified in such notice for the closing of the purchase of the shares Closing Date specified in such Notice, as such date may be extended pursuant to the Stockholders
Agreement; provided further, however, that, pursuant to the terms of the Stockholders Agreement, certain sections of that Agreement survive any termination of the Stockholders Agreement. The terms Acquisition Proposal, Takeover
Proposal, and Effective Time as used in the Stockholders Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement. 

Each Stockholder has the right to terminate his or its obligations under the Merger Agreement if (x) there is any material modification or waiver by the Company of the terms of the Merger Agreement and
(y) such modification or waiver is materially adverse to the rights of such Stockholder (in his or its capacity as a Stockholder) under the Merger Agreement (it being understood that any decrease in the price per share of Company Common Stock to be
received in the Merger constitutes a materially adverse modification in respect of each Stockholder). 

Employment Offer Letter

The following summary of certain provisions of the Employment Offer Letter (as defined below) is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the Employment Offer Letter, which is incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which has been filed with the SEC as Exhibit (d)(3) to the Schedule TO. 



As a condition and inducement to Parents and the Purchasers
willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, on May 28, 2002, Mr. Hose entered into an employment offer letter agreement with Parent (the Employment Offer Letter) which provides, among other things, that upon the closing of the
Merger, Mr. Hose will be employed as an at will employee of Parent in Boulder, Colorado in a position commensurate with his experience and abilities, and his salary will continue to be $220,008 per year. In his position, Mr. Hose will
report to the COO or CEO of Parent for at least two years from the date of closing of the Merger. The Employment Offer Letter also provides that Mr. Hose will be restricted in his ability to engage in a business competitive with Parent or its
subsidiaries for a period ranging from six (6) to twenty-four (24) months following the termination of his employment with Parent, depending on the timing and reason for termination. 

14.    CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER. 

Conditions of The
Offer
.    Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Offer, and in addition to (and not in limitation of) Purchasers rights to extend and amend the Offer at any time in its sole discretion (subject to the provisions of
the Merger Agreement), Purchaser is not required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to Purchasers obligation to pay for or return
tendered Shares promptly after termination or withdrawal of the Offer), pay for, and may delay the acceptance for payment of or, subject to the restriction referred to above, the payment for, any validly tendered Shares unless the Minimum Condition
has been satisfied. Furthermore, notwithstanding any other provisions of the Offer, Purchaser is not required to accept for payment or pay for any validly tendered Shares if, at the scheduled expiration date (i) any applicable waiting periods under
the HSR Act and any comparable provisions under any applicable pre-merger notification laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions have not expired or terminated prior to termination of the Offer, or (ii) any of the following events have occurred,
or are deemed by Purchaser to have occurred, and be continuing: 

(a)        there has been threatened in writing by any Governmental Entity (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or pending any suit, action or proceeding by any Governmental Entity or any third
party against Purchaser, Parent, the Company or any Company subsidiary (i) seeking to prohibit or impose any material limitations on Parents or Purchasers ownership or operation (or that of any of their respective subsidiaries or
affiliates) of all or any material portion of their businesses or assets, or to compel Parent or Purchaser or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates to dispose of or hold separate any material portion of the business or assets of the Company or
Parent or their respective subsidiaries, (ii) challenging the acquisition by Parent or Purchaser of any Shares under the Offer, seeking to delay, restrain or prohibit the making or consummation of the Offer, the exercise of the Purchaser Option (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) or the Merger or the performance of any of the other Transactions (as defined in the Merger Agreement), or seeking to obtain from the Company, Parent or Purchaser any damages that are material in relation to the
Company and the Companys subsidiaries taken as a whole, (iii) seeking to impose material limitations on the ability of Purchaser, or render Purchaser unable, to accept for payment, pay for or purchase some or all of the Shares pursuant to the
Offer, the Purchaser Option or the Merger, (iv) seeking to impose material limitations on the ability of Purchaser or Parent effectively to exercise full rights of ownership of the Shares, including, without limitation, the right to vote the Shares
purchased by it on all matters properly presented to the Companys stockholders, or (v) seeking to require divestiture by Parent or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates of any Shares; 

(b)        there has been any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order or injunction enacted, entered, enforced, promulgated or
deemed applicable, pursuant to an authoritative interpretation by or on behalf of a Government Entity, to the Offer, the Merger or any other Transaction, or any other action has been taken by any Governmental Entity, that is reasonably likely to
result, directly or indirectly, in any of the consequences referred to in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (a) above; 

(c)        there has occurred (i) any general suspension of trading in, or limitation on prices for, securities on the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock
Market for a period in excess of one full trading day, (ii) a declaration of a banking moratorium throughout the United States or any suspension of payments in respect of banks throughout the United States (whether or not mandatory) or (iii) any
decline in



either the Nasdaq Composite Index or Dow Jones Industrial Average by an amount in excess of twenty-five percent (25%) measured from the close of business on the date of the Merger Agreement;

(d)        the representations and warranties of the Company contained in
the Merger Agreement, taken together, are not true and correct in all material respects (provided that those representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement that are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, are to be true and
correct in all respects) as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of the date of any scheduled expiration of the Offer, except for representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement that relate to a specific date or time (which need only be
true and correct in all material respects as of such date or time); 

(e)        since the date of the Merger Agreement, there has occurred any events or changes which have had, which are deemed to have had, or which are reasonably likely to have or constitute,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company (excluding the effects of (i) any change in the trading price of Company Common Stock and (ii) loss of customer relationships after May 28, 2002 as a result of the
announcement or pendency of the Transactions; provided that such losses are not from customers who, over the immediately preceding 12-month period, constituted greater than 20% of the aggregate revenues from all customers in such period);

(f)        the Company Board of Directors or any committee thereof has
(i) withdrawn, or modified or changed in a manner adverse to the Transactions, to the Parent or to Purchaser (including by amendment of the Schedule 14D-9), its recommendation of the Offer, the Purchaser Option, the Merger Agreement, or the Merger
or has failed to make such favorable recommendation, (ii) approved or recommended to its stockholders any Acquisition Proposal or entered into or publicly announced its intention to enter into any agreement or agreement in principle with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal, (iii) resolved to do any of the foregoing or (iv) taken a neutral position or made no recommendation with respect to an Acquisition Proposal (other than by Parent or Purchaser) after a reasonable amount of time (and in no
event more than ten (10) business days following receipt thereof) has elapsed for the Company Board of Directors or any committee thereof to review and make a recommendation with respect thereto; 

(g)        any person or group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than Parent or any of its
subsidiaries or any party or parties as a result of such party or parties having signed the Stockholders Agreement) has become the beneficial owner (defined in Rule 13(d)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than fifteen percent (15%) of
the outstanding Shares or has acquired, directly or indirectly, more than fifteen percent (15%) of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries; 

(h)        the Company has materially breached or failed, in any material respect, to perform or to comply with any material agreement, obligation or covenant to
be performed or complied with by it under the Merger Agreement; 

(i)        Purchaser has failed to receive a certificate executed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or President on behalf of the Company, dated as of the scheduled expiration of
the Offer, to the effect that the conditions set forth in paragraphs (d), (e), (f) and (h) of these conditions have not occurred; 

(j)        any party to any Stockholder Agreement other than the Purchaser and Parent has breached or failed to perform any of its covenants or agreements under such agreement or breached any
of its representations and warranties in such agreement, or any of such agreements are not valid, binding and enforceable, except for such breaches or failures or failures to be valid, binding and enforceable that do not materially and adversely
affect the benefits expected to be received by Parent and the Purchaser under the Merger Agreement or any Stockholder Agreement; 

(k)        all consents, permits and approvals of Governmental Authorities and other persons, as required by the Merger Agreement, have not been obtained; or 

(l)        the Merger Agreement has been been terminated in accordance with its terms.

The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Parent and Purchaser, may be asserted by Parent or Purchaser
regardless of the circumstances giving rise to such condition, and may be waived by Parent or Purchaser in whole or in part at any time and from time to time prior to the Expiration Date and in the sole



discretion of Parent or Purchaser, subject in each case to the terms of the Merger Agreement. The failure by Parent or Purchaser at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights will not be
deemed a waiver of any such right and, each such right will be deemed an ongoing right which may be asserted at any time and from time to time prior to the Expiration Date. 

15.    CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS. 

Except as described in this
Section 15  Certain Legal Matters, based on information provided by the Company, none of the Company, Purchaser or Parent is aware of any license or regulatory permit that appears to be material to the business of the Company that
might be adversely affected by the Purchasers acquisition of shares as contemplated herein or of any approval or other action by a domestic or foreign governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or authority that would be required for
the acquisition and ownership of the shares by the Purchaser as contemplated herein. Should any such approval or other action be required, the Purchaser and Parent presently contemplate that such approval or other action will be sought, except as
described below under State Takeover Statutes. While, except as otherwise described in this Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser does not presently intend to delay the acceptance for payment of or payment for shares tendered pursuant to the
Offer pending the outcome of any such matter, there can be no assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed, would be obtained or would be obtained without substantial conditions or that failure to obtain any such approval or other
action might not result in consequences adverse to the Companys business or that certain parts of the Companys business might not have to be disposed of or other substantial conditions complied with in the event that such approvals were
not obtained or such other actions were not taken or in order to obtain any such approval or other action. If certain types of adverse action are taken with respect to the matters discussed below, the Purchaser could decline to accept for payment or
pay for any shares tendered. See Section 14  Certain Conditions of the Offer for certain conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to governmental actions. 

Delaware Law
.    In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prevents an interested stockholder (generally, a stockholder owning 15% or more
of a corporations outstanding voting stock or an affiliate thereof) from engaging in a business combination (defined to include a merger and certain other transactions as described below) with a Delaware corporation for a period of
three years following the time on which such stockholder became an interested stockholder unless (i) prior to such time the corporations board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in such
stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, (ii) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the corporations voting stock
outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding shares owned by certain employee stock Option Plans and persons who are directors and also officers of the corporation) or (iii) on or subsequent to such time, the business combination is
approved by the corporations board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder; such action may
not be taken by written consent. The board of directors of the Company has taken all actions necessary to exempt the Merger Agreement and the actions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, and by the Stockholders Agreement,
including the grant of the proxy and the Options from the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, and has agreed not to take any action to affect such exemption. 

State Takeover Statutes
.    A number of states have adopted laws which purport, to varying degrees, to apply to attempts to acquire corporations that are incorporated in, or
which have substantial assets, stockholders, principal executive offices or principal places of business or whose business operations otherwise have substantial economic effects in, such states. The Company, directly or through subsidiaries,
conducts business in a number of states throughout the United States, some of which have enacted such laws. Except as described herein, we do not know whether any of these laws will, by their terms, apply to the Offer or the Merger and have not
complied with any such laws. To the extent that certain provisions of these laws purport to apply to the Offer or the Merger we believe that there are reasonable bases for contesting such laws. 



In 1982, in 
Edgar v. MITE Corp.,
 the Supreme Court of the United States
invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois Business Takeover Statute which, as a matter of state securities law, made takeovers of corporations meeting certain requirements more difficult. However, in 1987 in 
CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp.
of America,
 the Supreme Court held that the State of Indiana could, as a matter of corporate law, constitutionally disqualify a potential acquirer from voting shares of a target corporation without the prior approval of the remaining
stockholders where, among other things, the corporation is incorporated, and has a substantial number of stockholders, in the state. Subsequently, in 
TLX Acquisition Corp. v. Telex Corp.,
 a Federal District Court in Oklahoma ruled that the
Oklahoma statutes were unconstitutional insofar as they apply to corporations incorporated outside Oklahoma in that they would subject such corporations to inconsistent regulations. Similarly, in 
Tyson Foods, Inc. v. McReynolds,
 a Federal
District Court in Tennessee ruled that four Tennessee takeover statutes were unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated outside Tennessee. This decision was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In
December 1988, a Federal District Court in Florida held in 
Grand Metropolitan PLC v. Butterworth,
 that the provisions of the Florida Affiliated Transactions Act and the Florida Control Share Acquisition Act were unconstitutional as applied to
corporations incorporated outside of Florida. 

Antitrust.
    Under the HSR Act, and the
rules that have been promulgated thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC), certain acquisition transactions may not be consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice (the Antitrust Division) and the FTC and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied. 

A Notification and Report Form with respect to the Offer was filed under the HSR Act on or about June 11, 2002, and the waiting period with respect to the Offer under the HSR Act will expire at 11:59 P.M., New York City time, on June
26, 2002. Before such time, however, either the FTC or the Antitrust Division may extend the waiting period by requesting additional information or material from the Purchaser. If such request is made, the waiting period will expire at 11:59 P.M.,
New York City time, on the tenth calendar day after the Purchaser has substantially complied with such request. Thereafter, the waiting period may be extended only with the Purchasers consent. 

The FTC and the Antitrust Division frequently scrutinize the legality under the antitrust laws of transactions such as the
Purchasers acquisition of shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger. At any time before or after the Purchasers acquisition of shares, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems
necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the acquisition of shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise or seeking divestiture of shares acquired by the Purchaser or divestiture of substantial assets of Parent or its
subsidiaries. Private parties, as well as state governments, may also bring legal action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances. Based upon an examination of publicly available information relating to the businesses in which Parent and
the Company are engaged, Parent and the Purchaser believe that the acquisition of shares by the Purchaser will not violate the antitrust laws. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer or other acquisition of shares by
the Purchaser on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if such a challenge is made, of the result. See Section 14  Certain Conditions of the Offer for certain conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to
litigation and certain governmental actions. 

In addition to the United States, the antitrust and competition laws
of other countries may apply to the Offer and the Merger and additional filings and notifications may be required. Parent and the Company are reviewing whether any such filings are required and intend to make such filings promptly to the extent
required. 

 Going Private Transactions
.    The SEC has adopted Rule 13e-3 under the
Exchange Act which is applicable to certain going private transactions and which may under certain circumstances be applicable to the Merger or another business combination following the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer in which
the Purchaser seeks to acquire the remaining Shares not held by it. The Purchaser believes that Rule 13e-3 will not be applicable to the Merger because it is anticipated that the Merger will be effected within one (1) year



following the consummation of the Offer and, in the Merger, stockholders will receive the same price per Share as paid in the Offer. Rule 13e-3 requires, among other things, that certain
financial information concerning the Company and certain information relating to the fairness of the proposed transaction and the consideration offered to minority stockholders be filed with the SEC and disclosed to stockholders prior to
consummation of the transaction. 

16.    FEES AND EXPENSES. 

Except as set forth below, neither
Parent nor the Purchaser will pay any fees or commissions to any broker, dealer or other person for soliciting tenders of shares pursuant to the Offer. 

The Purchaser has retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. to act as the Information Agent and U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation to act as the Depositary in connection with the Offer. Such
firms each will receive reasonable and customary compensation for their services. The Purchaser has also agreed to reimburse each such firm for certain reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify each such firm against certain liabilities in
connection with their services, including certain liabilities under federal securities laws. 

The Purchaser will
not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Information Agent) for making solicitations or recommendations in connection with the Offer. Brokers, dealers, banks and trust companies will be reimbursed by
the Purchaser for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding material to their customers. 

17.    MISCELLANEOUS. 

The Offer is being made to all holders of
Shares other than the Company. The Purchaser is not aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the tender of Shares in connection therewith would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. If the Purchaser becomes
aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer would not be in compliance with applicable law, the Purchaser will make a good faith effort to comply with any such law. If, after such good faith effort, the Purchaser cannot comply with
any such law, the Offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) the holders of Shares residing in such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a
licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of the Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. 

NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF PARENT OR THE PURCHASER NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED. 

Parent and Purchaser have filed with the SEC the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act, together with the exhibits thereto, furnishing certain additional information with respect to the
Offer and may file amendments thereto. In addition, the Company has filed the Schedule 14D-9 pursuant to Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, together with exhibits thereto, setting forth its recommendation and furnishing certain additional related
information. Such Schedule and any amendments thereto, including exhibits, may be examined and copies may be obtained in the manner set forth in Section 8  Certain Information Concerning the Company. 

Sapphire Acquisition Corp. 

June 11, 2002 



SCHEDULE I 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF 

PARENT AND THE PURCHASER 

1.    PARENT.
    The name, business address and present principal occupation or employment, and material occupations,
positions, offices or employments for the past five years, of each of the directors and executive officers of Parent are set forth below. Each such person is a citizen of the United States except for Messrs. Listwin and Black, who are citizens of
Canada, and Mr. Hedfors, who is a citizen of Sweden. The business address of each such person unless otherwise indicated is 1400 Seaport Boulevard, Redwood City, California 94063. 

Name and Position with Parent 

Present Principal Occupation or Employment;

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Donald Listwin

Chairman of the Board,

Chief Executive Officer

and President

Donald Listwin has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Parent since November 2000 and has served as Chairman of the Board since 2001. Mr.
Listwin has over 20 years of experience in the networking industry, including 10 years at Cisco Systems, Inc. where he was Executive Vice President. While at Cisco Systems from 1990 to 2000, he led many growth strategies, such as entry into IBM
Internetworking, the access market, and the service provider market. Mr. Listwin serves on the Board of Directors of MarketItRight.com. He also is Chairman of the Board of Directors for NetAid, a worldwide Internet-based program designed to empower
individuals toward the goal of eradicating poverty in developing nations.

Kevin Kennedy

Chief Operating Officer

Kevin Kennedy has served as Chief Operating Officer of Parent since August 2001. From 1994 to 2001, Mr. Kennedy was senior vice president at Cisco Systems,
Inc. with oversight over research and development. Mr. Kennedy currently serves as a Telecom Fund Technical Advisor to Pictet & Cie and a technical advisor to Cisco Systems, and sits on the Quantum Corporation Board of Directors.

Alan J. Black

Senior Vice President,

Corporate Affairs and

Chief Financial Officer

Alan Black has served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Chief Financial Officer of Parent since November 2000. Parent was formerly known as
Phone.com, Inc. Prior to the merger of Phone.com and Software.com, Inc. in November 2000, he was the Vice President of Finance and Administration, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of Phone.com. Prior to joining Phone.com in 1997, Mr. Black
served as Chief Financial Officer at Vicor, Inc. from 1992 to 1997, a provider of Internet information capture and delivery systems for financial services firms.

John MacFarlane

Chief
Technology Officer and Director

John MacFarlane has served as a Director of Parent since 2000 and is Parents Chief Technology Officer. Prior to the merger of Phone.com, Inc. and
Software.com, Inc., Mr. MacFarlane founded Software.com in 1993 and served as a director and its Chief Executive Officer.



Name and Position with Parent 

Present Principal Occupation or Employment;

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Michael Mulica

Senior Vice President,

Office of Customer

Operations, Sales

Michael Mulica has served as Senior Vice President, Office of Customer Operations, Sales of Parent since November 2000. Prior to the merger of Phone.com,
Inc. and Software.com, Inc., Mr. Mulica was the Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales, Consulting and Support for Phone.com from November 1999 to November 2000. Before joining Parent, he served as President of Global Sales and Marketing for
Adaptive Broadband, Inc. from November 1998 to October 1999 and Vice President of Worldwide Sales for Motorola, Inc.s Wireless Alliance Group from December 1996 to June 1998. Prior to Motorola, Mr. Mulica spent six years at Tandem Computers
Incorporated.

Allen Snyder

Senior Vice President,

Office of Customer

Operations, Customer

Advocacy

Allen Snyder has served as Senior Vice President, Office of Customer Operations, Customer Advocacy of Parent since December 2000. Mr. Snyder has over 25
years of experience in the high-tech industry, including 19 years of management leadership in customer service, software support, and professional services. Before joining Parent, he served as Senior Vice President from 1999 to 2000 and Vice
President from 1997 to 1999, of Oracle Support Services, Americas for Oracle Corporation. Mr. Snyder was Vice President of Operations, Worldwide Services at Digital Equipment Corporation from 1996 to 1997. Mr. Snyder serves on the Board of Directors
of Equel Corporation.

Roger Evans

    Director

Roger Evans has served as a Director of Parent since the November 2000 merger of Phone.com, Inc. and Software.com, Inc. Mr. Evans served as a director of
Phone.com since 1995. Mr. Evans has been associated with Greylock Partners venture capital firm since 1989, and has served as a general partner since January 1991. He also serves as a director of Copper Mountain Networks, Inc. and several other
privately-held companies. Mr. Evans current business address is 2929 Campus Drive, Suite 400, San Mateo, CA 94403.

Bo Hedfors

    Director

Bo Hedfors joined the Board of Directors of Parent in 2002. Mr. Hedfors has 34 years of global telecom experience in both wireline and wireless. He founded
Hedfone Consulting Inc., his telecom/Internet consulting practice, located in Chicago, in 2002. Previously, Mr. Hedfors was Executive Vice President of Motorola, Inc. and President of its global wireless infrastructure business based in Chicago. He
came to Motorola in 1998 from Ericsson, where he spent 30 years in different management positions.

Bernard Puckett

    Director

Bernard Puckett has served as a Director of Parent since 2000. Prior to the merger of Phone.com, Inc. and Software.com, Inc., Mr. Puckett was a director of
Software.com from July 1997 to 2000. From January 1994 to January 1996, Mr. Puckett was President and Chief Executive Officer of Mobile Telecommunications Technologies. Mr. Puckett currently serves on the boards of directors of IMS Health
Incorporated and Syncor International Corporation.



Name and Position with Parent 

Present Principal Occupation or Employment;

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Andrew Verhalen

    Director

Andrew Verhalen has served as a Director of Parent (serving as director of Phone.com prior to its merger with Software.com, Inc.) since 1995. Mr. Verhalen is
a general partner of Matrix Partners, a venture capital firm, which he joined in 1992. He currently is a director of Blue Martini Software, Inc., Turnstone Systems, Inc. and several private technology companies. Mr. Verhalens business address
is 2500 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200, Menlo Park, CA 94025.

2.    PURCHASER.
    The name, business address and present principal
occupation or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the past five years, of each of the directors and executive officers of the Purchaser are set forth below. Each such person is a citizen of the United States.
The business address of each such person is 1400 Seaport Boulevard, Redwood City, California 94063.

Name and Position with Purchaser 

Present Principal Occupation or Employment;

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Alan J. Black

    Director

See above.

Jon Shantz

    Director, President and

    Chief Executive
Officer

Jon Shantz has served as Senior Vice President, Business Development of Parent since December 2001. Prior to joining Parent, Mr. Shantz served as General
Manager of the Mobile Business Unit of Cisco Systems, Inc. from August 1999 to November 2001. While at Cisco Systems, he developed and led the Cisco Powered Networks, a premier industry alliance program, and spent several years developing new
markets for Cisco Systems.

Linda R. Speer

    Vice President

Linda R. Speer has served as Corporate Controller of Parent since 2001. Ms. Speer was Vice President of Finance of Parent and Phone.com, Inc. from December
1999 to May 2001. From 1996 to 1999, Ms. Speer served as Chief Financial Officer of SAE Power, Inc.

Steve Peters

    Vice President and Secretary

Steve Peters has served as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Parent since February 1999. Prior to joining Parent, Mr. Peters worked
at Baan Company N.V. (now a division of Invensys PLC) from 1997 to 1998, as Vice President of Business Development.

Douglas P. Solomon

    Vice President and

    Assistant Secretary

Douglas P. Solomon is Associate General Counsel of Parent. Prior to joining Parent in 2000, Mr. Solomon served as Associate General Counsel at SmartForce PLC
from 1998 through April 2000. Before joining SmartForce, Mr. Solomon practiced corporate law at Green Radovsky Maloney & Share LLP and Sidley & Austin (now Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP).

James F. Engle

    Vice President and Treasurer

James F. Engle is Vice President, Taxation and Treasurer of Parent. Mr. Engle previously served as Vice President and Treasurer of Macromedia, Inc. from 1999
to 2001. Mr. Engle served as Vice President and Treasurer of Informix Software, Inc. from 1997 to 1999.



Facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly signed, will be accepted. The Letter of
Transmittal, certificates for shares and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each stockholder of the Company or his broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to the Depositary, at one of the addresses
set forth below: 

Depositary for the Offer is:

U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation 

By Hand, Mail or Overnight Delivery

U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation

1745 Gardena Avenue

Glendale, California 91204

By Facsimile Transmission: (For Eligible Institutions Only)

(818) 502-1737

Confirm Receipt of Facsimile by Telephone:

(818) 502-1404

Questions and requests for assistance or additional copies of this
Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification on Substitute Form W-9 may be directed to the Information Agent at the location and telephone numbers set
forth below. Stockholders may also contact their broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company for assistance concerning the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is:

17 State Street 

New York, New York 10004 

Banks and Brokers call collect: (212) 440-9800 

All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 818-2996 

EX-99.(A)(1)(B)

dex99a1b.htm

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

EXHIBIT 99(a)(1)(B) 

LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL 

To Tender Shares of Common Stock 

of 

SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION

Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase 

Dated June 11, 2002

by 

SAPPHIRE ACQUISITION CORP. 

a wholly owned subsidiary  

of 

OPENWAVE SYSTEMS INC. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,  NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JULY 10, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

The Depositary for the Offer is: 

U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation 

By Mail, Hand or Overnight
Delivery: 

U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation 

1745 Gardena Avenue 

Glendale, CA 91204 

Attn: Reorganization Department 

By Facsimile Transmission

(For
Eligible Institutions Only):

Confirm Receipt of Facsimile

by
Telephone:

(818) 502-1737

(818) 502-1404

Delivery of this Letter of Transmittal to an address other than
as set forth above, or transmission of instructions via facsimile to a number other than as set forth above, will not constitute a valid delivery. You must sign this Letter of Transmittal in the appropriate space therefor provided below, with
signature guarantee if required, and complete the substitute Form W-9 set forth below. The instructions accompanying this Letter of Transmittal should be read carefully before this Letter of Transmittal is completed. 

If certificates are registered in different names, a separate Letter of Transmittal must be submitted for each different registered holder. See Instruction 5.

DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED

Name(s) and Address(es) of Registered Holders(s)
(Please fill in, if blank, exactly as name(s)

appear(s) on Share Certificate(s)

Share Certificate(s) and Share(s) Tendered
(Attach additional
signed list if necessary)

Share

Certificate
Number(s)(1)

Number of Shares

Represented By

Share Certificate(s)(1)

Number of Shares Tendered(2)

Total Shares

(1)

Need not be completed by stockholders who deliver Shares by book-entry transfer. 

(2)

Unless otherwise indicated, all Shares represented by certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered. See Instruction 4.

This Letter of Transmittal is to be used by the stockholders of SignalSoft
Corporation (the Company), if certificates for Shares (as defined below) are to be forwarded herewith or, unless an Agents Message (as defined in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase) is utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made
by book-entry transfer to an account maintained by the Depositary at the Book-Transfer Facility (as defined in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and pursuant to the procedures set forth therein). 

Stockholders whose certificates for Shares (Share Certificates) are not immediately available, or who cannot complete the
procedure for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, or who cannot deliver all other required documents to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase), must tender their Shares according to the
guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase in order to participate in the Offer (as defined below). See Instruction 2. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY WILL NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE
DEPOSITARY. 

TENDER OF SHARES 

 

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO THE DEPOSITARYS ACCOUNT AT THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE
FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE BOOK ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY MAY DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER): 

Name of Tendering Institution:

Account Number:

Transaction Code Number:

 

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

Name(s) of Registered Holder(s):

Window Ticket Number (if any):

Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:

Name of Eligible Institution that Guaranteed Delivery:

If delivery is by book-entry transfer, provide the following:

Account Number:

Transaction Code Number:

NOTE:    SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned hereby tenders to Sapphire
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Openwave Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), the above-described shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the
Shares) of SignalSoft Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), pursuant to the Purchasers offer to purchase all issued and outstanding Shares, at a purchase price of $2.26 per Share, net to the seller in cash
(the Offer Price), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated June 11, 2002 and in this Letter of Transmittal (which together with any amendments or supplements thereto or hereto, collectively
constitute the Offer). 

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer is
extended or amended, the terms of any such extension or amendment), and effective upon acceptance for payment of the Shares tendered herewith in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to or upon
the order of the Purchaser all right, title and interest in and to all of the Shares that are being tendered hereby and all dividends, distributions (including, without limitation, distributions of additional Shares) and rights declared, paid or
distributed in respect of such Shares on or after March 28, 2002 (collectively, Distributions), and irrevocably constitutes and appoints U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation (the Depositary) as the undersigneds true and
lawful agent and attorney-in-fact with respect to such Shares (and all Distributions), with full power of substitution (such power of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest), to (i) deliver certificates for such
Shares (and all Distributions) or transfer ownership of such Shares (and all Distributions) on the account books maintained by the Book-Transfer Facility, together, in any such case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity, to
or upon the order of the Purchaser, (ii) present such Shares (and all Distributions) for transfer on the books of the Company and (iii) receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such Shares (and all
Distributions), all in accordance with the terms of the Offer. 

By executing this Letter of Transmittal, the
undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints the designees of the Purchaser, as the undersigneds attorneys-in-fact and proxies of the undersigned, each with full power of substitution, (i) to vote at any annual or special meeting of the
Companys stockholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof or otherwise in such manner as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or its, his or her substitute shall in its, his or her sole discretion deem proper with respect to, (ii) to
execute any written consent concerning any matter as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or its, his or her substitute shall in its, his or her sole discretion deem proper with respect to and (iii) to otherwise act as each such attorney-in-fact and
proxy or its, his or her substitute shall in its, his or her sole discretion deem proper with respect to, all of the Shares tendered hereby and accepted for payment by the Purchaser, and any and all Distributions. This appointment will be effective
if and when, and only to the extent that, the Purchaser accepts such Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer. This power of attorney and proxy are irrevocable and are granted in consideration of the acceptance for payment of such Shares (and all
Shares and any other securities issued in Distributions in respect of such Shares) in accordance with the terms of the Offer. Such acceptance for payment shall, without further action, revoke any prior powers of attorney and proxies granted by the
undersigned at any time with respect to such Shares (and all Shares and any other securities issued in Distributions in respect of such Shares), and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be given by the undersigned
with respect thereto (and, if given, will not be deemed effective). The Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for the Shares or Distributions to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchasers acceptance for
payment of such Shares, the Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights with respect to such Shares (and any and all Distributions), including voting at any meeting of the Companys stockholders. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full
power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered hereby and all Distributions and that, when the same are accepted for payment by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will acquire good, marketable and unencumbered title to such
Shares and all Distributions, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, charges and encumbrances and the same will not be subject to any adverse claims. The undersigned will, upon request, execute and deliver any additional documents deemed by the
Depositary or the Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to complete the sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares tendered hereby and all Distributions. In addition, the undersigned shall remit and transfer promptly to the Depositary for the
account of the Purchaser all Distributions in respect of the Shares tendered hereby, accompanied by appropriate documentation of transfer, and, pending such remittance and transfer or appropriate assurance thereof, the Purchaser shall be entitled to
all rights and privileges as owner of each such Distribution and may withhold the entire purchase price of the Shares tendered hereby or deduct from such purchase price the amount or value of such Distribution as determined by the Purchaser in its
sole discretion. 

All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred shall survive the death or incapacity
of the undersigned, and any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, trustees in bankruptcy, successors and assigns of the undersigned. Except as stated in the
Offer to Purchase, this tender is irrevocable. 

The undersigned understands that the valid tender of the Shares
pursuant to any one of the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and in the Instructions hereto will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and the Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the
Offer (and if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms or conditions of any such extension or amendment). Without limiting the foregoing, if the price to be paid in the Offer is amended in accordance with the Merger Agreement (as defined in the
Offer to Purchase), the price to be paid to the undersigned will be the amended price notwithstanding the fact that a different price is stated in this Letter of Transmittal. The undersigned recognizes that under certain circumstances set forth in
the Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser may not be required to accept for payment any of the Shares tendered hereby. 

Unless otherwise indicated under Special Payment Instructions, please issue the check for the purchase price of all of the Shares purchased and, if appropriate, return any certificates for the Shares not tendered or
accepted for payment in the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appearing above under Description of Shares Tendered. Similarly, unless otherwise indicated under Special Delivery Instructions, please mail the check for the
purchase price of all of the Shares purchased and, if appropriate, return any certificates for the Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the address(es) of the registered holder(s)
appearing above under Description of Shares Tendered. In the event that the boxes entitled Special Payment Instructions and Special Delivery Instructions are both completed, please issue the check for the purchase
price of all Shares purchased and, if appropriate, return any certificates evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) in the name(s) of, and deliver such check and, if appropriate,
return any such certificates (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to, the person(s) so indicated. Unless otherwise indicated herein in the box entitled Special Payment Instructions, please credit any Shares tendered herewith
by book-entry transfer that are not accepted for payment by crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above. The undersigned recognizes that the Purchaser has no obligation, pursuant to the Special Payment
Instructions, to transfer any Shares from the name of the registered holder thereof if the Purchaser does not accept for payment any of the Shares so tendered. 

Lost Certificates

I have lost my Certificates that represented

 Shares and require assistance in obtaining
replacement Certificates. I understand that I must contact the Depositary to obtain instructions for replacing a lost Certificate (See Instruction 10).

SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS

(See
Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)

To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of Shares accepted for payment and/or Share
Certificates not tendered or accepted for payment are to be issued in the name of someone other than the undersigned.

Issue:     Check

             Certificate(s) to

Name

(Please Print)

Address

(Include Zip Code)

(Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number)

(Also Complete Substitute Form W-9)

Account
Number:

SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS

(See
Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)

To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of Shares accepted for payment and/or Share
Certificates not tendered or accepted for payment are to be sent to someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned at an address other than that shown under Description of Shares Tendered.

Mail:     Check

    Certificate(s) to

Name

(Please Print)

Address

(Include Zip Code)

(Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number)

(Also Complete Substitute Form W-9)

IMPORTANT 

STOCKHOLDER: SIGN HERE 

(Please Complete Substitute Form W-9 Included Herein) 

(Signature(s) of Owner(s)) 

Name(s)

Capacity (Full Title)

(See Instructions) 

Address

(Include Zip Code) 

Area Code and Telephone Number

Taxpayer
Identification or 

Social Security Number

(See Substitute Form W-9) 

Dated:

, 2002 

(Must be signed by the registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on stock certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by the person(s) authorized to become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents
transmitted herewith. If signature is by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please set forth full title and see Instruction 5.)

GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURES 

(If requiredSee Instructions 1 and 5) 

Authorized
Signature(s)

Name

Name of
Firm

Address

(Include Zip Code) 

Area Code and Telephone Number

Dated:

, 2002 

INSTRUCTIONS 

Forming Part of the Terms and Conditions of the Offer 

1.
    Guarantee of Signatures.
    No signature guarantee is required on this Letter of Transmittal (a) if this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) (which term,
for purposes of this Section, includes any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys systems whose name(s) appear(s) on a security position listing as the owner(s) of the Shares) of Shares tendered herewith, unless such registered
holder(s) has completed either the box entitled Special Payment Instructions or the box entitled Special Delivery Instructions on the Letter of Transmittal or (b) if such Shares are tendered for the account of a financial
institution (including most commercial banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program or by any other eligible guarantor institution, as such term is
defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act (each, an Eligible Institution). In all other cases, all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See Instruction 5. 

2.
    Requirements of Tender.
    This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by
stockholders if Share Certificates are to be forwarded herewith or, unless an Agents Message is utilized, if tenders are to be made pursuant to the procedure for tender by book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.
Share Certificates evidencing tendered Shares, or timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of Shares (a Book-Entry Confirmation) into the Depositarys account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, as well as this Letter of
Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile hereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message in connection with a book-entry transfer, and any other documents required by this Letter
of Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary at its address as set forth herein prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase). Stockholders whose Share Certificates are not immediately available, or who cannot
complete the procedure for delivery by book-entry transfer on a timely basis or who cannot deliver all other required documents to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, may tender their Shares by properly completing and duly executing a
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. Pursuant to such procedure: (i) such tender must be made by or through an Eligible Institution; (ii) a properly completed
and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form made available by the Purchaser, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date and (iii) the Share Certificates (or a Book-Entry Confirmation) evidencing
all tendered Shares, in proper form for transfer, in each case together with this Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile hereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a
book-entry delivery, an Agents Message) and any other documents required by this Letter of Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary within three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of the Guaranteed Delivery. If
Share Certificates are forwarded separately to the Depositary, a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal must accompany each such delivery. 

THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, SHARE CERTIFICATES AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, IS AT THE OPTION AND THE RISK OF
THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER AND THE DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY (INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, BY BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATION). IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT
REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY. 

No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted. All tendering stockholders, by execution of this Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile hereof), waive any right to receive any notice of the
acceptance of their Shares for payment. 

3.
    Inadequate Space.
    If the
space provided on the cover page hereof is inadequate, the Share Certificate numbers and/or the number of Shares and any other required information should be listed on a separate signed schedule attached hereto. 

4.
    Partial Tenders (not applicable to stockholders who tender by book-entry
transfer).
    If fewer than all of the Shares evidenced by any Share Certificate are to be tendered, fill in the number of Shares that are to be tendered in the box entitled Number of Shares Tendered. In this
case, new Share Certificates for the Shares that were evidenced by your old Share Certificates, but were not tendered by you, will be sent to you, unless otherwise provided in the appropriate box on this Letter of Transmittal, as soon as practicable
after the Expiration Date. All Shares represented by Share Certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated. 

5.
    Signatures on Letter of Transmittal, Stock Powers and Endorsements.
    If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered holder(s) of the Shares tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on the face of the Share Certificate(s) without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

If any of the Shares tendered hereby are held of record by two or more joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

If any of the tendered Shares are registered in different names on several Share Certificates, it will be
necessary to complete, sign and submit as many separate Letters of Transmittal as there are different registrations. 

If this Letter of Transmittal or any Share Certificates or stock powers are signed by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative
capacity, such person should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to the Purchaser of the authority of such person so to act must be submitted. 

If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares listed and transmitted hereby, no endorsements of Share Certificates or separate stock
powers are required unless payment is to be made or Share Certificate(s) not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be issued in the name of any person(s) other than the registered holder(s). Signatures on any such Share Certificates or stock
powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other
than the registered holder(s) of the Share Certificate(s) listed and transmitted hereby, the Share Certificate(s) must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s)
appear(s) on the Share Certificate(s). Signature(s) on any such Share Certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

6.
    Stock Transfer Taxes.
    Except as otherwise provided in this Instruction 6, the Purchaser or any successor entity thereto will pay all stock
transfer taxes with respect to the transfer and sale of any Shares to it or its order pursuant to the Offer. If, however, payment of the purchase price is to be made to, or if Share Certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment
are to be registered in the name of, any person(s) other than the registered holder(s), or if tendered Share Certificate(s) are registered in the name of any person(s) other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, the purchase price
will not be paid until such other person(s) has paid any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered holder(s) or such other person(s)) payable on account of the transfer to such other person(s) and has submitted evidence satisfactory to
the Purchaser of the payment of such taxes, or exemption therefrom. Except as provided in this Instruction 6, it will not be necessary for transfer tax stamps to be affixed to the Share Certificate(s) evidencing the Shares tendered hereby.

7.
    Special Payment and Delivery
Instructions.
    If a check is to be issued in the name of, and, if appropriate, Share Certificates for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be issued or returned to, any person(s) other than the signer of
this Letter of Transmittal or if a check and, if appropriate, such Share Certificates are to be returned to any person(s) other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal or to an address other than that shown in this Letter of
Transmittal, the appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal must be completed. 

8.    
Taxpayer Identification Number and Backup Withholding.
    United States federal income tax law generally requires that a stockholder who exchanges Shares for cash must provide the
Depositary with his correct Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), which, in the case of a stockholder who is an individual, is his social security number. If the Depositary is not provided with the correct TIN or an adequate basis for an
exemption, such stockholder may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the Internal Revenue Service and backup withholding may be imposed upon the gross proceeds of any payment received hereunder. If withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a
refund may be obtained. 

To prevent backup withholding, each stockholder who receives cash in exchange for Shares
must provide his correct TIN by completing the Substitute Form W-9 set forth herein, which requires such stockholder to certify, under penalties of perjury, (1) that the TIN provided is correct (or that such stockholder is awaiting a
TIN), (2) that (i) the stockholder is exempt from backup withholding, (ii) the stockholder has not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service that he is subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends or
(iii) the Internal Revenue Service has notified the stockholder that he is no longer subject to backup withholding, and (3) that the stockholder is a U.S. person. 

Exempt stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and reporting requirements. To
prevent possible erroneous backup withholding, an exempt stockholder must enter its correct TIN in Part 1 of Substitute Form W-9, write Exempt in Part 2 of such form, and sign and date the form. See the enclosed Guidelines for
Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 (the W-9 Guidelines) for additional instructions. In order for a nonresident alien or foreign entity to qualify as exempt, such person must submit a completed Form
W-8BEN (Certificate of Foreign Status) signed under penalties of perjury attesting to such exempt status. Such form may be obtained from the Depositary. 

If Shares are held in more than one name or are not in the name of the actual owner, consult the W-9 Guidelines for information on which TIN to report. 

If you do not have a TIN, consult the W-9 Guidelines for instructions on applying for a TIN, write Applied For in
the space for the TIN in Part 1 of the Substitute Form W-9, and sign and date the Substitute Form W-9 and the Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number set forth herein. If you do not provide your TIN to the Depositary within 60 days,
backup withholding will begin and continue until you furnish your TIN to the Depositary. 
Note: Writing Applied For on the form means that you have already applied for a TIN or that you intend to apply for one in the near future.

9.    
Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies.
     Questions
and requests for assistance or additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) on Substitute Form W-9
may be directed to the Information Agent at the address and phone numbers set forth below, or from brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies. 

10.    
 Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Certificates
.     If any certificate representing Shares has been lost, destroyed or stolen, such fact should be
indicated in the box entitled Lost Certificates in this Letter of Transmittal. In such event, the Depositary will forward additional documentation necessary to be completed in order to surrender effectively such lost or destroyed Share
Certificate(s). This Letter of Transmittal and related

documents cannot be processed until the procedures for replacing lost or destroyed certificates have been followed. 

Important: This Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed (together with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an
Agents Message) and Share Certificates or confirmation of book-entry transfer and all other required documents) or a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration
Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase). 

TO BE COMPLETED BY ALL SURRENDERING STOCKHOLDERS OF SECURITIES 

PAYERS NAME:    U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation

SUBSTITUTE

FORM W-9

Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service

Part I 
 Taxpayer Identification Number  For All Accounts

ENTER
YOUR TIN IN THE BOX AT RIGHT. (For most individuals, this is your social security number. If you do not have a TIN, see Obtaining a Number in the enclosed Guidelines). CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND DATING BELOW.

Note:
 If the account is in more than one name, see the chart in the enclosed Guidelines to determine which number to give the payer.

___________________

Social Security Number

OR

___________________
Employer Identification Number (If awaiting TIN, write Applied For)

Part II
  For Payees Exempt from Backup Withholding, see the enclosed Guidelines and complete as instructed therein.

Payers Request for

Taxpayer Identification

Number (TIN)

Part III
  
Certification
  Under penalties of perjury, I certify that:

(1) The number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me).

(2) I am not subject to backup withholding either because (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result
of failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup withholding, and

(3)
I am a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien).

Signature

Date

You must cross out item (2) in Part III above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to
backup withholding because you failed to report all interest or dividends on your tax return. The Internal Revenue Service does not require your consent to any provision of this document other than the certification required to avoid backup
withholding. 

YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU WROTE APPLIED FOR 

IN PART I OF THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9. 

CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 

I certify under the
penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number has not been issued to me, and either (a) I have mailed or delivered an application to receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate Internal Revenue Service Center or Social
Security Administration Office, or (b) I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future. I understand that if I do not provide a taxpayer identification number by the time of payment, reportable payments made to me thereafter will be
subject to backup withholding until I provide a number. 

SIGNATURE

        DATE

NOTE:

FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN A $50 PENALTY IMPOSED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE AND IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING ON ANY GROSS PROCEEDS
AT THE WITHHOLDING RATE. PLEASE REVIEW THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

The Depositary for the Offer is:

U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation 

By Mail, Hand or Overnight Delivery: 

U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation 

1745 Gardena Avenue 

Glendale, CA 91204 

Attn: Reorganization Department 

By facsimile transmission:

(For Eligible Institutions Only) 

(818) 502-1737 

The Information Agent for the Offer is: 

17 State Street, 10
th
 Floor 

New York, NY 10004 

Banks and Brokers call collect: (212) 440-9800 

All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 818-2996 

EX-99.(A)(1)(C)

dex99a1c.htm

NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

EXHIBIT 99(a)(1)(C)

NOTICE OF
GUARANTEED DELIVERY 

FOR TENDER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

OF

SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION 

TO 

SAPPHIRE ACQUISITION CORP. 

A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF 

OPENWAVE SYSTEMS INC. 

(NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEES) 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,  NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JULY 10, 2002, UNLESS THE
OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or a form substantially equivalent hereto, must
be used to accept the Offer (as defined below) if certificates for Shares (as defined below) are not immediately available, if the procedure for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis, or if time will not permit all required
documents to reach U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation (the Depositary) on or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase). This form may be delivered by hand, transmitted by facsimile transmission or
mailed (to the Depositary). See Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The Depositary for the Offer is: 

U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation 

BY MAIL, HAND OR OVERNIGHT COURIER: 

U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation

1745 Gardena Avenue 

Glendale, CA 91204 

Attn: Reorganization Department 

BY FACSIMILE
TRANSMISSION: 

(for eligible institutions only) 

(818) 502-1737

CONFIRM FACSIMILE BY TELEPHONE: 

(818) 502-1404 

DELIVERY OF THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN ONE SET
FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER THAN THE FACSIMILE NUMBER SET FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY. 

THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY IS NOT TO BE USED TO GUARANTEE SIGNATURES. IF A SIGNATURE ON A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS REQUIRED TO BE GUARANTEED BY AN
ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE) UNDER THE INSTRUCTIONS THERETO, SUCH SIGNATURE GUARANTEES MUST APPEAR IN THE APPLICABLE SPACE PROVIDED IN THE SIGNATURE BOX ON THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL. 

The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver the Letter of
Transmittal or an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) and certificates for Shares to the Depositary within the time period shown herein. Failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible Institution.

THE GUARANTEE ON THE REVERSE SIDE MUST BE COMPLETED. 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned hereby tenders to Sapphire Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Openwave Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated June 11, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase) and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, constitute the
Offer), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of SignalSoft Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), set forth below, pursuant to the guaranteed
delivery procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase. 

Name(s) of Record Holder(s): 

Number of Shares Tendered: 

Certificate No.(s) (if available):

(please print)

Address(es): 

(Zip Code) 

 

Check if securities will be tendered by book-entry transfer 

Name of Tendering Institution:

Area Code and Telephone No.(s):

Signature(s): 

Account No.:

Date:

 , 2002

GUARANTEE 

(Not to be used for
signature guarantee) 

The undersigned, a firm that is a participant in the Securities Transfer Agents
Medallion Program, or an eligible guarantor institution (as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), hereby guarantees to deliver to the Depositary either the certificates evidencing
all tendered Shares, in proper form for transfer, or to deliver Shares pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfer into the Depositarys account at The Depository Trust Company (the Book-Entry Transfer Facility), in either
case together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof) properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees or an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) in the case of a book-entry delivery,
and any other required documents, all within three New York Stock Exchange trading days after the date hereof. 

Name of Firm:

Address: 

Zip Code 

Area Code and Tel. No.

(Authorized Signature)

Name:

(Please type or print)

Title:

Date:

, 2002

NOTE:

DO NOT SEND CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES WITH THIS NOTICE. CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES SHOULD BE SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

EX-99.(A)(1)(D)

dex99a1d.htm

LETTER TO BROKERS

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- LETTER TO BROKERS

EXHIBIT (a)(1)(D)

OFFER TO
PURCHASE FOR CASH 

ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

OF

SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION 

AT 

$2.26 NET PER SHARE 

BY 

SAPPHIRE ACQUISITION CORP. 

A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF 

OPENWAVE SYSTEMS INC. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL
EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,  NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JULY 10, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

June
11, 2002 

To Brokers, Dealers, Banks, 

Trust Companies and other
Nominees: 

We have been engaged by Sapphire Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser)
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Openwave Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and Parent to act as Information Agent in connection with the Purchasers offer to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the Shares), of SignalSoft Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), at $2.26 per share (the Offer Price), net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Purchasers Offer to Purchase dated June 11, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase), and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively
constitute the Offer). Please furnish copies of the enclosed materials to those of your clients for whom you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee. 

Enclosed herewith are copies of the following documents: 

1.

Offer to Purchase dated June 11, 2002; 

2.

Letter of Transmittal to be used by stockholders of the Company in accepting the Offer (facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal may be used to tender the
Shares); 

3.

The Letter to Stockholders of the Company from the Chief Executive Officer of the Company accompanied by the Companys Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9; 

4.

A printed form of letter that may be sent to your clients for whose account you hold shares in your name or in the name of a nominee, with space provided for
obtaining such clients instructions with regard to the Offer; 

5.

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery with respect to Shares; 

6.

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9; and 

7.

Return envelope addressed to U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation, as Depositary. 

THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, (A) THERE BEING VALIDLY
TENDERED AND NOT VALIDLY WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1 OF THE OFFER TO PURCHASE) THAT NUMBER OF SHARES THAT WOULD REPRESENT AT LEAST TWO-THIRDS OF THE SHARES OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS (AS DEFINED IN THE
INTRODUCTION TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE) ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE, AND (B) ANY WAITING PERIOD UNDER THE HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976, AS AMENDED, APPLICABLE TO THE PURCHASE OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER OR TO THE MERGER HAVING
EXPIRED OR BEEN TERMINATED. 

We urge you to contact your clients promptly. Please note that the Offer and
withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Wednesday, July 10, 2002, unless extended. The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously (1) determined that the Offer and the Merger (as defined herein) are advisable
and fair to, and in the best interests of, the Company and its stockholders, (2) approved the Merger Agreement (as defined herein), the Offer and the Merger, and (3) recommends that the stockholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their
Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
May 28, 2002 (the Merger Agreement), among Parent, the Purchaser and the Company pursuant to which, as soon as practicable following the consummation of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will
be merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger). At the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Parent, the Purchaser
or the Company or any subsidiary of Parent or by stockholders, if any, who are entitled to and properly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the price per Share paid pursuant to the Offer in cash,
without interest thereon, as set forth in the Merger Agreement and described in the Offer to Purchase. The Merger Agreement provides that the Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights and obligations (including the right to purchase Shares in
the Offer) to Parent, Parent and one or more direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Parent, or one or more direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Parent. 

In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (a) certificates for (or a timely
Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to) such Shares, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed, and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a
book-entry transfer effected pursuant to the procedure set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase, an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly,
tendering shareholders may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for Shares or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary. Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the
purchase price of the Shares to be paid by the Purchaser, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment. 

Holders of Shares whose certificates for such Shares are not immediately available, who cannot complete the procedures for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, or who cannot deliver all other required documents to the
Depositary prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) must tender their Shares according to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. 

Neither of the Purchaser or Parent will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Information
Agent or the Depositary, as described in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. You will be reimbursed by the Purchaser upon request for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred
by you in forwarding the enclosed Offering materials to your customers. 

Questions and requests for additional copies of the enclosed material may be
directed to the Information Agent at our address and telephone number set forth on the back cover of the enclosed Offer to Purchase. 

Very truly yours, 

Georgeson Shareholder
Communications Inc. 

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL RENDER YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON
THE AGENT OF THE PURCHASER, PARENT, THE DEPOSITARY OR THE INFORMATION AGENT OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER NOT CONTAINED IN THE OFFER TO
PURCHASE OR THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL. 

EX-99.(A)(1)(E)

dex99a1e.htm

LETTER TO CLIENTS

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- LETTER TO CLIENTS

EXHIBIT 99(a)(1)(E)

OFFER TO
PURCHASE FOR CASH 

ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

OF

SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION 

AT 

$2.26 NET PER SHARE 

BY 

SAPPHIRE ACQUISITION CORP. 

A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF 

OPENWAVE SYSTEMS INC. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL
EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, 

NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JULY 10, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

June 11, 2002 

To Our Clients: 

Enclosed for your consideration is an Offer to Purchase dated, June 11,
2002 (the Offer to Purchase), and the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the Offer) relating to the Offer by Sapphire Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation (Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Openwave Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares), of
SignalSoft Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), at a purchase price of $2.26 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer. 

Also enclosed is the Letter to Stockholders from the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company accompanied by the
Companys Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9. 

WE (OR OUR NOMINEES) ARE THE HOLDER OF
RECORD OF SHARES HELD BY US FOR YOUR ACCOUNT. A TENDER OF SUCH SHARES CAN BE MADE ONLY BY US AS THE HOLDER OF RECORD AND PURSUANT TO YOUR INSTRUCTIONS. THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS FURNISHED TO YOU FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY AND CANNOT BE USED TO
TENDER SHARES FOR OUR ACCOUNT. 

We request instructions as to whether you wish to tender any of or all the Shares
held by us for your account pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer. 

Your attention is
directed to the following: 

1.

The offer price is $2.26 per Share net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer. 

2.

The Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares. 

3.

The Companys board of directors has unanimously (1) determined that the Offer and the Merger (as defined below) are advisable and fair to, and in the best
interests of, the Company and its stockholders, (2) approved the Merger Agreement (as defined below), the Offer and the Merger (as defined below), and (3) recommends that the stockholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their Shares
pursuant to the Offer. 

4.

The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of May 28, 2002 (the Merger Agreement), among Parent, the Purchaser
and the Company pursuant to which, as soon as practicable following the consummation of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company with the Company surviving the merger as a
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger). At the effective time

of the Merger, each outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Parent, the Purchaser, the Company or any wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent or the Company) will be converted into the right to
receive the price per Share paid pursuant to the Offer in cash, without interest, as set forth in the Merger Agreement and described in the Offer to Purchase. The Merger Agreement provides that the Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights and
obligations (including the right to purchase Shares in the Offer) to Parent, Parent and one or more direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Parent, or one or more direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Parent. 

5.

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JULY 10, 2002 (THE EXPIRATION DATE), UNLESS THE OFFER IS
EXTENDED BY THE PURCHASER, IN WHICH EVENT THE TERM EXPIRATION DATE SHALL MEAN THE LATEST TIME AT WHICH THE OFFER, AS SO EXTENDED BY THE PURCHASER, WILL EXPIRE. 

6.

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (a) there being validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date that number of Shares
that would represent at least two-thirds of the Shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis (as described in the Merger Agreement and the Introduction to the Offer to Purchase) on the date of purchase, and (b) any waiting period under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or to the Merger having expired or been terminated. 

7.

Tendering stockholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions to the Depositary or the Information Agent or, except as set forth in
Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. However, federal income tax backup withholding (currently 30%), may be required, unless an exemption is provided or unless the
required taxpayer identification information is provided. See Instruction 8 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

Your instructions to us should be forwarded promptly to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf prior to the Expiration Date. 

If you wish to have us tender any of or all the Shares held by us for your account, please so instruct us by completing, executing, detaching and returning to us the instruction form on the detachable
part hereof. An envelope to return your instructions to us is enclosed. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise specified on the detachable part hereof. YOUR INSTRUCTIONS SHOULD BE FORWARDED TO
US IN AMPLE TIME TO PERMIT US TO SUBMIT A TENDER ON YOUR BEHALF PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE. 

Payment for Shares
accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made only after timely receipt by U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation (the Depositary) of (a) certificates for (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation) (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase) with respect to such Shares, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer effected pursuant to the procedures
set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, an Agents Message, and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering stockholders may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for
Shares or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE SHARES TO BE PAID BY THE PURCHASER, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER
OR ANY DELAY IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT. 

The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on
behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the
Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer is being made on behalf of the Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. 

Instructions with Respect to the 

Offer to Purchase for Cash All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 

of 

SignalSoft Corporation 

by 

Sapphire Acquisition Corp. 

a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of 

Openwave Systems Inc. 

The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter, the Offer to
Purchase of Sapphire Acquisition Corp., dated June 11, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase), and the related Letter of Transmittal relating to shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares), of SignalSoft
Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

This will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below held
by you for the account of the undersigned, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and related Letter of Transmittal. 

NUMBER OF SHARES TO BE TENDERED: (1)

SIGN HERE

______________________________ Shares

___________________________________________

___________________________________________

(Signature(s))

___________________________________________

___________________________________________

Please Type of Print Name(s)

___________________________________________

___________________________________________

Please Type of Print Address(es)

___________________________________________

Area
Code and Telephone Number

___________________________________________

Tax Identification or Social Security Number

Dated:

, 2002

(1)

Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all your Shares are to be tendered. 

EX-99.(A)(1)(F)

dex99a1f.htm

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 99(a)(1)(F)

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION  NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 

Guidelines for
Determining the Proper Identification Number to Give the Payor: Social Security numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens, 
e.g.
, 000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by only one hyphen, 
e.g.
,
00-0000000. The table below will help determine the number to give the payor. 

For this type of account:

Give the SOCIAL SECURITY number of

  1.   An individuals account

The individual

  2.   Two or more individuals (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if combined funds, the first individual on the account(1)

  3.   Husband and wife (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if joint funds, either person(1)

  4.   Custodian account of a minor (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)

The minor(2)

  5.   Adult and minor (joint account)

The adult or, if the minor is the only contributor, the minor(1)

  6.   Account in the name of guardian or committee for a designated ward, minor, or
incompetent person

The ward, minor, or incompetent person(3)

  7.   a. A revocable savings trust account (in which grantor is also trustee)

The grantor-trustee(1)

b.  Any trust account that is not a legal or valid trust under state law

The actual owner(1)

For this type of account:

Give the EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION number of

  8.   Sole proprietorship account

The owner(4)

  9.   A valid trust, estate, or pension trust

The legal entity (do not furnish the identifying number of the personal representative or trustee unless the legal entity itself is not designated in the
account title)(5)

10.   Corporate account

The corporation

11.   Religious, charitable, or educational organization account

The organization

12.   Partnership account held in the name of the business

The partnership

13.   Association, club, or other tax-exempt organization

The organization

14.   A broker or registered nominee

The broker or nominee

15.   Account with the Department of Agriculture in the name of a public entity (such as a State or local
government, school district, or prison) that receives agricultural program payments

The public entity

(1)

List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. 

(2)

Circle the minors name and furnish the minors social security number. 

(3)

Circle the wards, minors or incompetent persons name and furnish such persons social security number. 

(4)

Show the name of the owner. If the owner does not have an employer identification number, furnish the owners social security number. 

(5)

List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate or pension trust. 

NOTE
:

IF NO NAME IS CIRCLED WHEN THERE IS MORE THAN ONE NAME, THE NUMBER WILL BE CONSIDERED TO BE THAT OF THE FIRST NAME LISTED. 

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION 

NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 

Obtaining a Number 

If you do not have a taxpayer identification number or you do not know
your number, obtain form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card (for resident individuals), Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number (for businesses and all other entities), Form W-7 for International Taxpayer
Identification Number (for alien individuals required to file U.S. tax returns), at an office of the Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service. 

To complete the Substitute Form W-9, if you do not have a taxpayer identification number, write Applied For in the space for the taxpayer identification number
in Part 1, sign and date the Form, and give it to the requester. Generally, you will then have 60 days to obtain a taxpayer identification number and furnish it to the requester. Any reportable payments made during this period will be subject to
backup withholding but such withheld amounts will be refunded to you if you obtain a taxpayer identification number and furnish it to the requestor within 60 days of the date that the recipient receives your Form W-9. 

Payees Exempt from Backup Withholding Penalties 

Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on ALL payments include the following:* 



A corporation. 



A financial institution. 



An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a), or an individual retirement plan, or a custodial account under section 403(b)(7). 



The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 



A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any political subdivision or instrumentality thereof. 



A foreign government or a political subdivision, agency or instrumentality thereof. 



An international organization or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 



A registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the United States or a possession of the United States. 



A real estate investment trust. 



A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a). 



An entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 



A foreign central bank of issue. 

Payments of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 



Payments to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under section 1441. 



Payments to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the United States and which have at least one nonresident partner. 



Payments of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in money. 



Payments made by certain foreign organizations. 



Payments made to a nominee. 

Payments of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 



Payments of interest on obligations issued by individuals. 
Note: 
You may be subject to backup withholding if (i) this interest is $600 or more, (ii) the
interest is paid in the course of the payors trade or business and (iii) you have not provided your correct taxpayer identification number to the payor. 



Payments of tax-exempt interest (including exempt-interest dividends under section 852). 



Payments described in section 6049(b)(5) to non-resident aliens. 



Payments on tax-free covenant bonds under section 1451. 



Payments made by certain foreign organizations. 



Payments made to a nominee. 

Exempt payees described above should file a Substitute Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous backup withholding. FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYOR, FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE EXEMPT IN PART 2, SIGN
AND DATE THE FORM AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYOR. 

Certain payments other than interest, dividends and patronage dividends that are not
subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup withholding. For details, see the regulations under sections 6041, 6041A(a), 6045, and 6050A. 

Privacy Act Notices.
 Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividends, interest or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payors who must report the payments to the IRS. The
IRS uses the numbers for identification purposes and to help verify the accuracy of your tax return. Payors must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are required to file tax returns. Payors must generally withhold at the applicable rate
from payments of taxable interest and dividends and from certain other payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a payor. Certain penalties may also apply. 

Penalties 

(1)  Penalty for Failure
to Furnish Taxpayer Identification Number.
If you fail to furnish your taxpayer identification number to a payor, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful
neglect. 

(2)  Civil Penalty for False Statements With Respect to Withholding.
If you make a
false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no imposition of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500. 

(3)  Criminal Penalty for Falsifying Information.
If you falsify certifications or affirmations, you are subject to criminal penalties including fines and/or imprisonment. 

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE. 

*

Unless otherwise noted herein, all references below to section numbers or to regulations are references to the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

EX-99.(A)(5)(B)

dex99a5b.htm

SUMMARY ADVERTISEMENT

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- SUMMARY ADVERTISEMENT

EXHIBIT 99(a)(5)(B) 

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell Shares (as defined below). The Offer (as defined below) is made solely by the Offer to Purchase, dated June 11,
2002 (the Offer to Purchase), and the related Letter of Transmittal and is being made to all holders of Shares. The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in
which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction or any administrative or judicial action pursuant thereto. However, the Purchaser (as defined below) may, in its discretion, take
such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in any jurisdiction and extend the Offer to holders of such Shares in such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction where securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed
broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made on behalf of the Purchaser (as defined below) by Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. (the Information Agent) or one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the
laws of such jurisdiction. 

Notice of Offer to Purchase for Cash 

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 

of 

SignalSoft Corporation 

at 

$2.26 Net Per Share

by 

Sapphire Acquisition Corp. 

a wholly owned subsidiary of 

Openwave Systems Inc. 

Sapphire Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Openwave Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation
(Openwave or Parent), is offering to purchase all issued and outstanding shares of common stock (Common Stock), par value $0.001 (the Shares), of SignalSoft Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
Company), at a price of $2.26 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or
supplements thereto, collectively constitute the Offer). Tendering stockholders who have Shares registered in their names and who tender directly to U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation (the Depositary) will not be obligated to
pay brokerage fees or commissions or, except as set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the sale of Shares pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders who hold their Shares through a broker or bank should consult such institution as to
whether it charges any service fees. The Purchaser will pay all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Offer of the Depositary and the Information Agent. The Purchaser is offering to acquire all Shares as a first step in acquiring the
entire equity interest in the Company. Following consummation of the Offer, the Purchaser intends to effect the merger described below. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, JULY 10, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (1) there being validly tendered and not withdrawn on or prior to the expiration of the offer, that number of Shares
that, when added to the Shares then beneficially owned by Parent or the Purchaser, if any, represents at least two-thirds of the Shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) on the date of purchase and (2) the
expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended. 

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 28, 2002 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Parent, the Purchaser and the Company, pursuant to which, as soon as

practicable after the completion of the Offer and satisfaction or waiver, if permissible, of all conditions to the Merger (as defined below), the Purchaser will be merged with and into the
Company and the separate corporate existence of the Purchaser will thereupon cease. The merger of the Purchaser with and into the Company, as effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, is referred to herein as the Merger,
and the Company as the surviving corporation of the Merger is sometimes herein referred to as the Surviving Corporation. At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of Common Stock then outstanding
(other than Shares held by Parent, the Purchaser, the Company or any other wholly owned subsidiary of Parent or the Company) will be canceled and retired and converted into the right to receive $2.26 per Share, net to the seller in cash, or any
higher price per share of Common Stock paid in the Offer (such price being referred to herein as the Offer Price), in cash payable to the holder thereof without interest. 

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY HAS UNANIMOUSLY (1) DETERMINED THAT THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE COMPANY AND
ITS STOCKHOLDERS, (2) APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE OFFER AND THE MERGER, AND (3) RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES TO THE PURCHASER PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. 

As a condition and inducement to Parents and the Purchasers willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, certain
stockholders of the Company (each, a Stockholder), who hold dispositive power with respect to 7,428,126 Shares and 67,500 options to acquire Shares (approximately 30% of the total currently outstanding), immediately following the
execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement entered into a Stockholders Agreement (the Stockholders Agreement), dated as of May 28, 2002, with Parent and the Purchaser. Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, the Stockholders have
agreed, among other things, to tender the Shares held by them in the Offer, and to grant Parent a proxy with respect to the voting of such Shares in favor of the Merger with respect to such Shares upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth therein. In addition, in the Stockholders Agreement, each Stockholder has granted Parent an option (the Stockholder Option) to purchase all Shares beneficially owned by such Stockholder as of the date of the Stockholders Agreement,
or beneficially owned by such Stockholder (including, without limitation, by way of exercise of options, warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or by way of dividend, distribution, exchange, merger, consolidation, recapitalization,
reorganization, stock split or otherwise), which option is generally exercisable prior to termination of the Stockholders Agreement. 

For purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, Shares properly tendered to the Purchaser and not withdrawn as, if and when the Purchaser gives oral or written
notice to the Depositary of the Purchasers acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant to the Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by
deposit of the Offer Price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent for tendering Stockholders for the purpose of receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting payment to tendering Stockholders. Under no circumstances will
interest be paid on the Offer Price to be paid by the Purchaser for the Shares, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment. In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made
only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates representing (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to) such Shares, (ii) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any
required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message, and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. 

Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser may, without the consent of the Company, extend the Offer beyond the Expiration Date in some circumstances. In
addition, the Purchaser may, in its sole discretion, extend the Offer to provide a Subsequent Offering Period in accordance with Rule 14d-11 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Purchaser may also extend the Offer
beyond the Expiration Date upon an increase in the offer price for the

Shares as provided under federal securities laws. The term Expiration Date shall mean 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on July 10, 2002, unless and until the Purchaser, in
accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, extends the period of time for which the Offer is open, in which event the term Expiration Date shall mean the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser,
shall expire. 

Any extension, amendment or termination of the Offer will be followed as promptly as practicable by
public announcement thereof, the announcement in the case of an extension to be issued no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date in accordance with the public announcement
requirements of Rule 14d-4(c) under the Exchange Act. 

Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn
(pursuant to the procedures set forth below) at any time prior to the Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for payment and paid for by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after August 10, 2002. If the
Purchaser has not agreed to accept Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer for payment by August 10, 2002, tendered Shares may be withdrawn at any time after such time until we accept them for payment. No withdrawal rights will apply to Shares
tendered into a Subsequent Offering Period under Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act, and no withdrawal rights apply during a Subsequent Offering Period under Rule 14d-11 with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. For a
withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at its address as set forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase and must specify the name of the
person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the Shares to be withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who tendered the Shares. If certificates representing
Shares have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such Shares have been
tendered by an Eligible Institution (a financial institution (including most commercial banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, or any other
eligible guarantor institute, as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act), the signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the
procedures for book-entry transfer as set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the appropriate Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn
Shares and otherwise comply with such Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedures. Withdrawals of tenders of Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer.
However, withdrawn Shares may be retendered by again following one of the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase any time prior to the Expiration Date. All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of
notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, and its determination will be final and binding. 

The receipt of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign
tax laws. Stockholders should consult with their tax advisors as to the particular tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger to them, including the applicability and effect of the alternative minimum tax and any state, local or foreign income and
other tax laws and of changes in such tax laws. For a more complete description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger, see Section 5 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The information required to be disclosed by paragraph (d)(1) of Rule 14d-6 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Company has provided the Purchaser with the Companys stockholder lists and security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of Shares. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal
and other relevant documents will be mailed by the Purchaser to record holders of Shares, and will be furnished by the Purchaser to brokers, dealers, banks and similar persons whose names, or the names of whose

nominees, appear on the stockholder lists, or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agencys security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners
of Shares. 

THE OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND SHOULD BE READ
IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE ANY DECISION IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER. 

Questions and requests for assistance or
additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, Letter of Transmittal and other tender offer documents may be directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone number as set forth below, and copies will be furnished at the Purchasers
expense. The Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Information Agent) for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is: 

Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. (Logo) 

17 State Street, 10
th
 Floor 

New York, NY 10004 

Banks and Brokers call collect: (212) 440-9800 

All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 818-2996

June 11, 2002 

EX-99.(A)(5)(C)

dex99a5c.htm

JOINT PRESS RELEASE

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- JOINT PRESS RELEASE

EXHIBIT 99(a)(5)(C)

For
Immediate Release 

OPENWAVE COMMENCES TENDER OFFER FOR ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION COMMON
STOCK AT $2.26 PER SHARE 

REDWOOD CITY, Calif. and BOULDER, Colo., June 11, 2002
Openwave Systems Inc. (NASDAQ:
OPWV) and SignalSoft Corporation (Nasdaq: SGSF) announced that the previously announced cash tender offer by Openwave for all of the outstanding shares of common stock of SignalSoft at a price of $2.26 per share will commence today. Openwave will
effect the purchases through a wholly-owned acquisition subsidiary. The tender offer is scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York time, on Wednesday, July 10, 2002. 

Certain stockholders owning approximately 30% of the outstanding common stock of SignalSoft have agreed in advance to tender their shares to Openwave in the tender offer. The Board of Directors of
SignalSoft has unanimously approved the merger agreement and recommends that SignalSoft stockholders accept the offer and tender their shares. 

Following completion of the tender offer, Openwave intends to consummate a merger of its acquisition subsidiary with and into SignalSoft. SignalSoft will then be a wholly owned subsidiary of Openwave. Any remaining SignalSoft
stockholders will receive the same cash price paid in the tender offer. 

The tender offer is subject to conditions, including tender of
at least two-thirds of the outstanding common stock of SignalSoft on a fully diluted basis; expiration or termination of any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended and other customary conditions.

The Depositary for the tender offer is US Stock Transfer Corp., 1745 Gardena Avenue, Glendale, California 91204. 

The Information Agent for the tender offer is Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., 17 State Street,10th Floor, New York, New York 10004.

About Openwave 

Openwave Systems Inc. is the worldwide leader of open IP-based communication infrastructure software and applications. Openwave is a global company headquartered in Redwood City, California. For more information, please visit

www.openwave.com
. 

About SignalSoft 

SignalSoft

 Corp. (Nasdaq: SGSF) offers mobile operators worldwide the
software products and solutions needed to effectively implement location-based services. The companys Wireless Location Services

 software suite provides operators the ability to deliver new
services to their subscribers, differentiate their offerings, increase revenues, reduce churn and build subscriber loyalty. Some of the largest U.S. mobile operators, including AT&T Wireless, Cingular, Sprint PCS and VoiceStream, and leading
operators in Europe, such as Cegetel/SFR, Libertel-Vodafone, Orange and Telia, use SignalSofts products. Founded in 1995, SignalSoft is headquartered in Boulder, Colorado, USA, with offices in Sweden and the United Kingdom. For more
information visit the companys Web site at 
www.signalsoftcorp.com
. SignalSoft

 and Wireless Location Services


are federally registered trademarks of SignalSoft Corporation. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

Openwave Systems Inc. 

This release contains forward-looking statements relating
to expectations, plans or prospects for Openwave Systems Inc. that are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of Openwaves management and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. In particular, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements: (a) the ability to realize
our strategic objectives by taking advantage of market opportunities in the Americas, Europe including the Middle East, and the Asia Pacific region; (b) the ability to make changes in business strategy, development plans and product offerings to
respond to the needs of our current, new and potential customers, suppliers and strategic partners; (c) risks associated with the success of the GSM Associations Mobile Service Initiative; (d) risks associated with the development and
licensing of software generally, including potential delays in software development and technical difficulties that may be encountered in the development or use of the Companys software; (e) the ability to manage the Companys growth; (f)
the ability to continue to obtain qualified, experienced employees; (g) the ability to successfully partner with other companies; (h) the ability to acquire additional companies and technologies and integrate such acquisitions, such as the
acquisition of SignalSoft; (i) competition and technological changes and developments; (j) general risks of the Internet and wireless and wireline telecommunications sectors; and (k) the uncertain economic and political climate in the United States
and throughout the rest of the world and the potential that such climate may deteriorate further. 

For a detailed discussion of these and
other cautionary statements, please refer to the risk factors discussed in filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including but not limited to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2001 and the Companys quarterly reports on form 10-Q for the quarters ended September 30, 2001, December 31, 2001 and March 31, 2002. All documents also are available through the SECs Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and
Retrieval system (EDGAR) at 
www.sec.gov
 and from Openwaves Web site at 
www.openwave.com
. The Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this document. 

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of SignalSoft. Openwave has filed tender offer materials with the
SEC and SignalSoft has filed a solicitation/recommendation statement with the SEC relating to the offer. The tender offer materials (including an offer to purchase, a related letter of transmittal and other offer documents) and the
solicitation/recommendation statement contain important information, which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the offer. The offer to purchase, the related letter of transmittal and certain other offer documents, as
well as the solicitation/recommendation statement, will be made available without charge to all stockholders of SignalSoft. The tender offer materials (including the offer to purchase, the related letter of transmittal and all other documents filed
with the Commission) and the solicitation/recommendation statement are available for free at the Commissions website at 
www.sec.gov
 and at Openwaves website at 
www.openwave.com
. 

The tender offer statement and related materials may be obtained for free by directing such requests to Georgeson Shareholder Communication Inc., 17 State
Street, 10th Floor, New York, New York 10004, or by calling toll free (800) 818-2996. 

SignalSoft 

This press release may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, delay in product development, general business conditions in the industry, changes in demand for products, the timing and amount or cancellation of orders and other
risks detailed from time to time in SignalSofts filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

# # #

Openwave, the Openwave logo and Services OS are trademarks and or registered trademarks of Openwave
Systems Inc. All other trademarks are the properties of their respective owners. 

For more information please contact:

Press Contacts 

Openwave Systems Inc.

Michele Landry

Openwave

+1 650 480 4622

Michele.landry@openwave.com

SignalSoft Corporation

Ali Heine

SignalSoft Corp.

+1 303 381 3189

aheine@signalsoftcorp.com

Investor Contact

Mike Musson

Openwave

+ 1 805 884 5352

mike.musson@openwave.com

Investor Contact

Michael Newman

Street Connect for SignalSoft Corp.

+1 206 320 1231

mnewman@stct.com

EX-99.(D)(1)

dex99d1.htm

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

Prepared by R.R. Donnelley Financial -- AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

EXHIBIT 99 (d)(1) 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

BY AND AMONG 

OPENWAVE SYSTEMS INC.

SAPPHIRE ACQUISITION CORP. 

AND SIGNALSOFT CORPORATION 

Dated as of May 28, 2002

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 

Acquisition Agreement

Acquisition Proposal

affiliates

Agreement

Appointment Time

Assignee

Balance Sheet Date

Certificate of Merger

Certificates

Closing

Closing Date

COBRA

Code

Company

Company Authorizations

Company Balance Sheet

Company Board of Directors

Company Capital Stock

Company Common Stock

Company Disclosure Letter

Company Employee Plans

Company Financials

Company Intellectual Property

Company Option

Company Options

Company Preferred Stock

Company SEC Reports

Company Technology

Computer Software

Confidentiality Agreement

Continuing Employee Options

Copyrights

Current Annual Premium Amount

DGCL

Dissenting Shares

Effective Time

Environmental Claim

Environmental Laws

ERISA

ERISA Affiliate

Exchange Act

Expense Fee

Fully Diluted Basis

GAAP

Governmental Entity

HSR Act

Indebtedness

Indemnified Parties

Independent Directors

Initial Expiration Date

Intellectual Property

Inventor-Developed Intellectual Property

Inventor-Developed Technology

Inventors

IRS

knowledge

License Agreements

Material Adverse Effect

Material Contracts

Materials of Environmental Concern

Merger

Merger Agreement

Merger Consideration

Minimum Condition

Nasdaq

Offer

Offer Documents

Offer Price

Offer to Purchase

Option Plans

Parent

Parent Common Stock

Patents

Paying Agent

person

Proxy Statement

Purchaser

Purchaser Common Stock

Purchaser Option

Purchaser Option Shares

Regulation M-A

Representatives

Schedule 14D-9

Schedule TO

SEC

Section 16 Affiliate

Securities Act

Shares

Special Meeting

Stockholder

Stockholders Agreement

subsidiary

Superior Proposal

Surviving Corporation

Takeover Proposal

Tax

Tax Authority

Tax Return

Taxable

Taxes

Technology

Termination Date

Termination Fee

the business of

Trade Secrets

Trademarks

Transactions

Voting Debt

 

Page

ARTICLE I THE MERGER

1.1

The Offer.

1.2

Company Actions.

1.3

Directors.

1.4

The Merger.

1.5

Effective Time.

1.6

Closing.

1.7

Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation.

1.8

Subsequent Actions.

1.9

Stockholders' Meeting.

1.10

Merger Without Meeting of Stockholders.

ARTICLE II CONVERSION OF SECURITIES

2.1

Conversion of Capital Stock.

2.2

Exchange of Certificates.

2.3

Dissenting Shares.

2.4

The Company Option Plans.

2.5

Section 16.

2.6

Withholding.

2.7

Transfer Taxes.

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

3.1

Organization, Standing and Power.

3.2

Capitalization.

3.3

Authority.

3.4

SEC Filings; Company Financial Statements.

3.5

Absence of Certain Changes.

3.6

Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities.

3.7

Litigation.

3.8

Restrictions on Business Activities.

3.9

Governmental Authorization.

3.10

Title to Property.

3.11

Technology and Intellectual Property.

3.12

Environmental Matters.

3.13

Taxes.

3.14

Employee Benefit Plans.

3.15

Certain Agreements Affected by the Merger.

3.16

Employee Matters.

3.17

Interested Party Transactions.

3.18

Insurance.

3.19

Compliance With Laws.

3.20

Minute Books.

3.21

Complete Copies of Materials.

3.22

Vote Required.

3.23

Brokers and Finders Fees.

3.24

Board Approval.

3.25

Customers and Suppliers.

3.26

Material Contracts.

3.27

No Breach of Material Contracts.

3.28

Material Third Party Consents.

3.29

Product Releases.

3.30

Information in the Proxy Statement.

3.31

Information in the Offer Documents and the Schedule 14D-9.

3.32

State Takeover Statutes.

3.33

Opinion of Financial Advisor.

3.34

Accounts Receivable.

3.35

Personnel.

3.36

Representations Complete.

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND PURCHASER

4.1

Organization, Standing and Power.

4.2

Organization, Standing and Power.

4.3

Authority.

4.4

Authority.

4.5

Information in the Proxy Statement.

4.6

Information in the Offer Documents.

4.7

Financing.

4.8

Ownership of Company Stock.

4.9

Litigation.

ARTICLE V CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME

5.1

Conduct of Business by the Company.

5.2

No Solicitation.

5.3

Notification of Acquisition Proposals.

ARTICLE VI ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

6.1

Proxy Statement.

6.2

Meeting of Stockholders of the Company.

6.3

Confidentiality; Access to Information.

6.4

Public Disclosure.

6.5

Reasonable Efforts; Notification.

6.6

Qualified Plans.

6.7

Indemnification.

6.8

Interim Directors.

6.9

Option to Acquire Additional Shares.

6.10

Continuing Employee Options.

ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS 

7.1

Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger.

7.2

Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Purchaser.

ARTICLE VIII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

8.1

Termination.

8.2

Effect of Termination.

8.3

Fees and Expenses.

8.4

Extension; Waiver.

ARTICLE IX GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1

Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties.

9.2

Notices.

9.3

Interpretation; Certain Defined Terms.

9.4

Counterparts.

9.5

Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries.

9.6

Severability.

9.7

Other Remedies; Specific Performance.

9.8

Governing Law; Venue.

9.9

Rules of Construction.

9.10

Assignment.

9.11

Amendment and Modification.

9.12

No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative.

9.13

Waiver of Jury Trial.

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this 
Agreement
), is entered into as of May 28, 2002 by and among Openwave Systems Inc., a Delaware corporation
(
Parent
), Sapphire Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (
Purchaser
), and SignalSoft Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the

Company
).             

RECITALS

A.    The Board of Directors of each of Parent, Purchaser and the Company has approved,
and deems it advisable and in the best interests of its respective stockholders to consummate, the acquisition of the Company by Parent upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

B.    In furtherance thereof, it is proposed that (i) Purchaser commence a cash tender offer (as it may be amended
from time to time as permitted by this Agreement, the 
Offer
) to acquire all shares of the issued and outstanding common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the 
Shares
), for $2.26 per Share, net to
the seller in cash (such price, or any such higher price per Share as may be paid in the Offer, referred to herein as the 
Offer Price
). 

C.    The Board of Directors of each of Parent, Purchaser and the Company has approved this Agreement and the Transactions (as defined in Section 9.3(g)), including the Merger (as
defined in Section 1.4) following the Offer in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (
DGCL
) and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. Such approval of this Agreement and the Transactions,
including the Merger, by the Board of Directors of the Company (the 
Company Board of Directors
) was unanimous. 

D.    The Company Board of Directors has unanimously determined that the consideration to be paid for each Share in the Offer and the Merger is fair to the holders of such Shares and has resolved to recommend that
the holders of such Shares accept the Offer and adopt this Agreement and each of the Transactions upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

E.    Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to Parents and Purchasers willingness to enter into this
Agreement, certain stockholders of the company (each, a 
Stockholder
) are entering into a Stockholders Agreement (the 
Stockholders Agreement
) in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A
, pursuant to which
each such Stockholder has agreed, among other things, to tender its Shares in the Offer, to grant to Parent the right to purchase its Shares upon payment by Parent of the Offer Price following the occurrence of certain events, and to grant Parent a
proxy with respect to the voting of such Shares in favor of the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. 

F.    In addition, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to Parents and Purchasers willingness to enter into this Agreement,
David A. Hose is entering into an Employment Agreement with Parent in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit B
. 

D-1 

G.    The Company, Parent and Purchaser desire to make
certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the Offer, the Merger and the other Transactions. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants, agreements, representations and warranties set forth herein, the parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

THE MERGER

1.1    
The Offer. 

(a)    Provided that this Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with Section 8.1 and none of the events set forth in Annex I hereto shall have occurred and be
continuing, Purchaser shall commence (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the 
Exchange Act
)) the Offer as promptly
as practicable following the date hereof (but in no case later than ten business days from the date hereof). The obligations of Purchaser to accept for payment and to pay for any Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of
the Offer (as it may be extended in accordance with requirements of this Section 1.1(a)) shall be subject only to (i) there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer that number of Shares which, together with the
Shares then owned by Parent or Purchaser (after giving effect to shares subject to purchase under the Stockholders Agreement, but not the Purchaser Option), represents at least two-thirds of the Shares outstanding on a Fully Diluted Basis (the

Minimum Condition
); and (ii) the other conditions set forth in Annex I hereto. As used in this Agreement, 
Fully Diluted Basis
 shall refer to the number of Shares issued and outstanding at any time after taking
into account all Shares issuable upon the conversion of convertible securities or upon the exercise of any options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of Company Capital Stock (for which the applicable per share exercise price is less than the
Offer Price). Subject to the prior satisfaction or waiver by Parent or Purchaser of the Minimum Condition and the other conditions of the Offer set forth in Annex I hereto, Purchaser shall consummate the Offer in accordance with its terms and accept
for payment and pay for all Shares tendered and not withdrawn promptly following the acceptance of Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer. The Offer shall be made by means of an offer to purchase (the 
Offer to Purchase
) that
contains the terms set forth in this Agreement, the Minimum Condition and the other conditions set forth in Annex I hereto. Parent expressly reserves the right to waive any of such conditions, to increase the Offer Price and to make any other
changes in the terms of the Offer; provided however, that Purchaser shall not, and Parent shall cause Purchaser not to, decrease the Offer Price, change the form of consideration payable in the Offer, decrease the number of Shares sought in the
Offer, impose additional conditions to the Offer, extend the offer beyond the date that is twenty (20) business days after commencement of the Offer (the 
Initial Expiration Date
) except as set forth below, or amend any other
condition of the Offer in any manner adverse to the holders of the Shares, in each case without the prior written consent of the Company (such consent to be authorized by the Company Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may, without the consent of the Company, (i) extend the Offer beyond the Initial Expiration Date

D-2 

if, at any scheduled expiration of the Offer, any of the conditions to Purchasers obligation to accept Shares for payment shall not be satisfied or waived, (ii) extend the Offer for any
period required by any rule, regulation or interpretation of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (
SEC
), or the staff thereof, applicable to the Offer, or (iii) extend (or re-extend) the Offer for an aggregate
period of not more than twenty (20) business days (taking into account all such extensions and re-extensions) beyond the latest applicable date that would otherwise be permitted under clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence, if, as of such date, all of
the conditions to Purchasers obligations to accept for payment Shares are satisfied or waived, but there shall not have been validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer that number of Shares necessary on a Fully Diluted Basis to
permit the Merger to be effected without a meeting of the Companys stockholders in accordance with the DGCL; provided that Purchaser (in connection with any extension or re-extension under clause (iii)) meets the requirements of Rule 14d-l 1
under the Exchange Act. In addition, the Offer Price may be increased and the Offer may be extended to the extent required by applicable law in connection with such increase, in each case without the consent of the Company. 

(b)    On the date of commencement of the Offer, Parent and Purchaser shall file with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation
M-A under the Exchange Act (
Regulation M-A
), a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with respect to the Offer (together with all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto, the 
Schedule TO
). The Schedule TO
shall include the summary term sheet required under Regulation M-A and, as exhibits, the Offer to Purchase and a form of letter of transmittal and summary advertisement (collectively, together with any amendments and supplements thereto, the

Offer Documents
). The Company hereby consents to the inclusion in the Offer Documents of the recommendation referred to in clause (iii) of Section 3.24 and the approval of the Board of Directors referred to in Section 3.24. Parent
and Purchaser agree to take all steps necessary to cause the Offer Documents to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to holders of Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws. Parent and Purchaser, on
the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, agree to promptly correct any information provided by it for use in the Offer Documents if and to the extent that it shall have become false or misleading in any material respect or as otherwise
required by law. Parent and Purchaser further agree to take all steps necessary to cause the Offer Documents as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to holders of Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable
federal securities laws. The Company and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review the Schedule TO before it is filed with the SEC. In addition, Parent and Purchaser agree to provide the Company and its counsel with any comments,
whether written or oral, that Parent, Purchaser or their counsel may receive from time to time from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer Documents promptly after receipt of such comments, and any written or oral responses thereto.

(c)    Parent shall provide or cause to be provided to Purchaser upon expiration of the Offer
or any subsequent extension thereof, as applicable, all funds necessary to immediately accept for payment, and pay for, any shares of Company Common Stock that are validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer and that Purchaser is
permitted to accept for payment under applicable law pursuant to the Offer. 

1.2    
Company
Actions
. 

D-3 

(a)    On the date the Offer is commenced, the Company shall,
in a manner that complies in all material respects with Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, file with the SEC a Tender Offer Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (together with all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto, the

Schedule 14D-9
) which shall, subject to the provisions of Section 5.2(c), contain the recommendation referred to in clause (iii) of Section 3.24 and the approval of the Board of Directors referred to in Section 3.24. The Company
further agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9 to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to holders of Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws. The Company, on the one hand,
and Parent and Purchaser, on the other hand, agree to promptly correct any information provided by it for use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the extent that it shall have become false or misleading in any material respect or as otherwise required
by law. The Company agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9 as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to holders of the Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws.
Parent, Purchaser and their counsel shall be given the opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9 and any amendment thereto before filing with the SEC. In addition, the Company agrees to provide Parent, Purchaser and their counsel in
writing with any comments, whether written or oral, that the Company or its counsel may receive from time to time from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9 promptly after receipt of such comments, and to consult with Parent,
Purchaser and their counsel prior to responding to any such comments, either in written or oral form. 

(b)    In connection with the Offer, the Company shall promptly furnish or cause to be furnished to Parent or Purchaser mailing labels, security position listings and all available listings and computer files
containing the names and addresses of the record holders of the Shares as of a recent date, and shall promptly furnish Parent or Purchaser with such information and assistance (including, but not limited to, lists of holders of the Shares, updated
periodically, and their addresses, mailing labels and lists of security positions) as Parent or Purchaser or its agent(s) may reasonably request. Such information shall be held confidential by Parent and Purchaser under the terms of the
Confidentiality Agreement. 

1.3    
Directors
. 

(a)    Effective upon the purchase of and payment for any Shares by Parent or Purchaser or any of their affiliates
pursuant to the Offer (the 
Appointment Time
), Parent shall be entitled to elect or designate such number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number (subject to the provisions of Section 1.3(b)), on the Company Board of
Directors as is equal to the product of the total number of directors on the Company Board of Directors (giving effect to the directors elected or designated by Parent pursuant to this sentence) multiplied by the percentage that the aggregate number
of Shares beneficially owned by Purchaser, Parent and any of their affiliates bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding. Subject to the foregoing, the Company shall, upon Parents request, promptly increase the size of the Company
Board of Directors, including by amending the Bylaws of the Company if necessary so as to increase the size of the Company Board of Directors, or promptly secure the written resignations of such number of its incumbent directors, or both, as is
necessary to enable Parents designees to be so elected or designated to the Company Board of Directors (provided, however, that in no case shall the number of members of the Board of Directors be required to be more than nine (9), so

D-4 

long as all incumbent directors except for the three (3) directors provided for in Section 1.3(b) have resigned), and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause Parents designees to be
so elected or designated at such time. At the Appointment Time, the Company shall, upon Parents request, also cause persons elected or designated by Parent to constitute the same percentage (rounded up to the next whole number) as is on the
Company Board of Directors of (i) each committee of the Company Board of Directors; (ii) each board of directors (or similar body) of each Company subsidiary; and (iii) each committee (or similar body) of each such board, in each case only to the
extent permitted by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or trading market on which the Companys common stock is listed or traded. The Company shall promptly upon execution of this Agreement take all actions required pursuant to
such Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-l promulgated thereunder in order to fulfill its obligations under this Section 1.3(a), including, but not limited to, mailing to stockholders (together with the Schedule 14D-9) the information
required by Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-l as is necessary to enable Parents designees to be elected or designated to the Company Board of Directors. Parent or Purchaser shall supply the Company, in writing, information with respect to either of
them and their nominees, officers, directors and affiliates to the extent required by Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-l. The provisions of this Section 1.3(a) are in addition to and shall not limit (other than as limited under Section 1.3(b)) any rights
that any of Purchaser, Parent or any of their respective affiliates may have as a holder or beneficial owner of Shares as a matter of law with respect to the election of directors or otherwise. 

(b)    In the event that Parents designees are elected or designated to the Company Board of Directors, then, until the Effective Time (as
defined in Section 1.5), the Company shall cause the Company Board of Directors to have at least three (3) directors who are directors on the date hereof including at least two (2) members who are independent directors for purposes of the continued
listing requirements of Nasdaq (the 
Independent Directors
), 
provided, however
, that if any Independent Director is unable to serve due to death or disability, the remaining Independent Director(s) shall be entitled to elect
or designate another person (or persons) who serves as a director on the date hereof to fill such vacancy, and such person (or persons) shall be deemed to be an Independent Director for purposes of this Agreement. If no Independent Director then
remains, the other directors shall designate two (2) persons who are directors on the date hereof (or, in the event there shall be less than two (2) directors available to fill such vacancies as a result of such persons deaths, disabilities or
refusals to serve, such smaller number of persons who are directors on the date hereof) to fill such vacancies and such persons shall be deemed Independent Directors for purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, if Parents designees constitute a majority of the Company Board of Directors after the acceptance for payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer and prior to the Effective Time, then the affirmative vote of a majority of the Independent
Directors (or if only one exists, then the vote of such Independent Director) shall be required to (i) amend or terminate this Agreement by the Company; (ii) exercise or waive any of the Companys rights, benefits or remedies hereunder, if such
action would substantially and adversely affect holders of Shares other than Parent or Purchaser; (iii) amend the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company if such action would substantially and adversely affect holders of Shares other
than Parent or Purchaser; or (iv) take any other action of the Company Board of Directors under or in connection with this Agreement if such action would substantially and adversely affect holders of Shares other than Parent or Purchaser;

provided, however,
 that if there shall be no Independent Directors as a result of such persons deaths, disabilities or refusal 

D-5 

to serve, then such actions may be effected by majority vote of the entire Company Board of Directors. 

1.4    
The Merger
. 

(a)    Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.5), the Company and Purchaser shall consummate a merger (the 
Merger
) in accordance
with the DGCL pursuant to which (i) Purchaser shall be merged with and into the Company and the separate corporate existence of Purchaser shall thereupon cease; (ii) the Company shall be the successor or surviving corporation in the Merger and shall
continue to be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware; (iii) the separate corporate existence of the Company with all its rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises shall continue unaffected by the Merger; and (iv) the Company
shall succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of Purchaser. The corporation surviving the Merger is sometimes hereinafter referred to as the 
Surviving Corporation
. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in the
DGCL. 

(b)    The Certificate of Incorporation of Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to
the Effective Time, shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, except as to the name of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended as provided by law and such Certificate of Incorporation. 

(c)    The Bylaws of Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws
of the Surviving Corporation, except as to the name of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended as provided by the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such Bylaws. 

1.5    
Effective Time.
    Parent, Purchaser and the Company shall cause an appropriate
certificate of merger (the 
Certificate of Merger
) to be executed and filed on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.6) (or on such other date as Parent and the Company may agree) with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware as provided in the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective on the time and date on which the Certificate of Merger has been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or such time and date as is agreed upon by the
parties and specified in the Certificate of Merger, such time hereinafter referred to as the 
Effective Time
. 

1.6    
Closing
.    The closing of the Merger (the 
Closing
) will take place at 9:00 a.m. (California time) on a date to be specified by the parties, such date to be no
later than the second business day after satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions set forth in Article VII (the 
Closing Date
), at the offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, 525 University Avenue, Suite
1100, Palo Alto, California 94301, unless another date or place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto. 

1.7    
Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation
.    The directors of Purchaser immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of Purchaser immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the officers of the Surviving Corporation, in each case until their respective successors
shall have been duly elected, designated or qualified,

D-6 

or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the Surviving Corporations Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. 

1.8    
Subsequent Actions
.    If at any time after the Effective Time the Surviving
Corporation shall determine, in its sole discretion, or shall be advised, that any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, assurances or any other actions or things are necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the
Surviving Corporation its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties or assets of either of the Company or Purchaser acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the
Merger or otherwise to carry out this Agreement, then the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of either the Company or Purchaser, all such deeds, bills of sale,
instruments of conveyance, assignments and assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of each such corporation or otherwise, all such other actions and things as may be necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm any and all
right, title or interest in, to and under such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Corporation or otherwise to carry out this Agreement. 

1.9    
Stockholders Meeting
. 

(a)    If required by applicable law in order to consummate the Merger, the Company, acting through the Company Board of Directors, shall promptly, in accordance with applicable law and the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws: 

(i)    duly call, give notice of,
convene and hold a special meeting of its stockholders to consider the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger (the 
Special Meeting
) as soon as reasonably practicable following the acceptance for
payment and purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer for the purpose of considering and taking action upon this Agreement; 

(ii)    prepare and file with the SEC under the Exchange Act a preliminary proxy or information statement relating to the Merger and this Agreement and use all reasonable efforts to
obtain and furnish the information required to be included by the SEC in the Proxy Statement (as hereinafter defined) and, after Parent and its counsel shall have had a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Proxy Statement, respond
promptly to any comments made by the SEC with respect to the preliminary proxy or information statement and cause a definitive proxy or information statement (the 
Proxy Statement
) to be mailed to its stockholders as promptly as
practicable; 

(iii)    include in the Proxy Statement the recommendation of
the Company Board of Directors that stockholders of the Company vote in favor of the approval of the Merger and the adoption of this Agreement; and 

(iv)    use its reasonable efforts to solicit from holders of Shares proxies in favor of the Merger and take all other action reasonably
necessary or advisable to secure the approval of stockholders required by the DGCL and any other applicable law and the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws (if applicable) to effect

D-7 

the Merger; provided that the obligations set forth in clauses (iii) and (iv) of this Section 1.9(a) shall be subject to Sections 1.10 and 5.2(c). 

(b)    Parent agrees to vote, or cause to be voted, all of the Shares then owned by it, Purchaser or any of its other
subsidiaries in favor of the approval of the Merger and the adoption of this Agreement. 

1.10    
Merger Without Meeting of Stockholders
.    Notwithstanding Section 1.9, in the event that Parent, Purchaser or any other subsidiary of Parent shall acquire at least ninety
percent (90%) of the outstanding shares of each class of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote on the Merger, pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, the parties hereto agree, at the request of Parent and subject to Article VII, to take all
necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable after such acquisition, without a meeting of stockholders of the Company, in accordance with Section 253 of the DGCL. 

ARTICLE II 

CONVERSION OF SECURITIES 

2.1    
Conversion of Capital
Stock
.    As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders of any shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Purchaser (
Purchaser Common
Stock
): 

(a)    
Purchaser Common Stock
.    Each issued
and outstanding share of Purchaser Common Stock shall be converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation. 

(b)    
Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Parent-Owned Stock
.    All Shares that are owned by the Company as treasury stock
and any Shares owned by Parent, Purchaser or any other wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent shall automatically be cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor. 

(c)    
Conversion of Shares
.    Each issued and outstanding Share (other than Shares to be
cancelled in accordance with Section 2.1(b) and other than Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 2.3(a))) shall be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, payable to the holder thereof in cash, without interest (the 
Merger
Consideration
). From and after the Effective Time, all such Shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such Shares
shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration therefor upon the surrender of such certificate in accordance with Section 2.2, without interest thereon. 

2.2    
Exchange of Certificates
. 

(a)    
Paying Agent
.    Parent shall designate a bank or trust company to act as agent for the holders of Shares in
connection with the Merger (the 
Paying Agent
) and to receive the funds to which holders of Shares shall become entitled pursuant to Section 2.1(c). Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or cause to be deposited (by
Purchaser or

D-8 

otherwise), with the Paying Agent the aggregate Merger Consideration. For purposes of determining the amount of Merger Consideration to be so
deposited, Parent and Purchaser shall assume that no stockholder of the Company will perfect any right to appraisal of his, her or its Shares. Such funds shall be invested by the Paying Agent as directed by Parent or the Surviving Corporation, in
its sole discretion (provided that Parent shall be responsible for replacing any losses of principal to such fund resulting from such investments), pending payment thereof by the Paying Agent to the holders of the Shares. Earnings from such
investments shall be the sole and exclusive property of Parent and the Surviving Corporation, and no part of such earnings shall accrue to the benefit of holders of Shares. 

(b)    
Exchange Procedures
.    Promptly after the Effective Time, the Paying Agent shall mail to each holder of record of a
certificate or certificates, which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding Shares (the 
Certificates
), whose shares were converted pursuant to Section 2.1(c) into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be in such form and have
such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify); and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for payment of the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Paying Agent
or to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration for each Share
formerly represented by such Certificate and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.2, each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only
the right to receive the Merger Consideration in cash as contemplated by this Section 2.2, without interest thereon. 

(c)    
Transfer Books; No Further Ownership Rights in Shares
.    At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and thereafter there shall be no further
registration of transfers of Shares on the records of the Company. From and after the Effective Time, the holders of Certificates evidencing ownership of Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with
respect to such Shares, except as otherwise provided for herein or by applicable law. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for any reason, they shall be cancelled and exchanged as provided in this
Article II. 

(d)
    Termination of Fund; No Liability
.    At any
time following six (6) months after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to require the Paying Agent to deliver to it any funds (including any interest received with respect thereto) made available to the Paying Agent and
not disbursed (or for which disbursement is pending subject only to the Paying Agents routine administrative procedures) to holders of Certificates, and thereafter such holders shall be entitled to look only to the Surviving Corporation
(subject to abandoned property, escheat or other similar laws) only as general creditors thereof with respect to the Merger Consideration payable upon due surrender of their Certificates, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
none of Parent, the Surviving Corporation nor the Paying Agent shall be liable to any holder of a Certificate for Merger Consideration delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

D-9 

(e)    
Lost Certificates
.    If
any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent, (i) if the number of Shares represented by
such Certificate is less than 50,000, an agreement by such person to indemnify Parent and the Surviving Corporation against any claim that may be made against them with respect to such Certificate, or (ii) if the number of Shares represented by such
Certificate is equal to or more than 50,000 (or the same person holds more than one Certificate, which Certificates in the aggregate represent 50,000 or more Shares), the posting by such person of a bond in such amount as Parent may reasonably
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it or the Surviving Corporation with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the applicable Merger
Consideration with respect thereto. 

2.3    
Dissenting Shares
. 

(a)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time and held by a holder who has not voted in favor of the Merger or consented thereto in writing and who has complied with Section 262 of the DGCL (the 
Dissenting Shares
) shall not be converted into a right to receive
the Merger Consideration, unless such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or otherwise loses his or her right to appraisal. A holder of Dissenting Shares shall be entitled to receive payment of the appraised value of such Shares held by him or her
in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, unless, after the Effective Time, such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or loses his or her right to appraisal, in which case such Shares shall be converted into and represent only the right to receive
the Merger Consideration, without interest thereon, upon surrender of the Certificate or Certificates representing such Shares, pursuant to Section 2.2. 

(b)    The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any written demands for appraisal of any Shares, attempted withdrawals of such demands and any other instruments served
pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company relating to rights of appraisal; and (ii) the opportunity to participate in the conduct of all negotiations and proceedings with respect to demands for appraisal under the DGCL. Except with the prior
written consent of Parent, the Company shall not voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demands for appraisal or settle or offer to settle any such demands for appraisal. 

2.4    
The Company Option Plans
.    Effective as of the Effective Time, each outstanding stock option, stock equivalent right
or right to acquire Shares (a 
Company Option
 or 
Company Options
) granted under the Companys 1995 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, the 2000 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2000 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan
(collectively, the 
Option Plans
), whether or not then exercisable or vested, shall be (i) deemed to be one hundred percent (100%) vested and exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time; and (ii) immediately prior to the
Effective Time, cancelled and, in consideration of such cancellation, Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, promptly following the Effective Time, pay to such holders of Company Options, an amount in respect thereof equal to the
product of (x) the excess, if any, of the Offer Price over the exercise price of each such Option and (y) the number of unexercised Shares subject thereto (such payment, if any, to be net of applicable Taxes withheld pursuant to Section 2.5. As of
the Effective Time, the Option Plans shall 

D-10 

terminate and all rights under any provision of any other plan, program or arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any other interest
in respect of the capital stock of the Company or any Company subsidiary shall be cancelled. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effectuate the foregoing, including, but not limited to, sending out the requisite notices and
obtaining all consents necessary to cash out and cancel all Company Options necessary to ensure that, after the Effective Time, no person shall have any right under the Option Plans or any other plan, program or arrangement with respect to equity
securities of the Surviving Corporation or any subsidiary thereof. 

2.5    
Section

.    Parent, Surviving Corporation and the Company shall take all such steps as may be required to provide that, with respect to each Section 16 Affiliate (as defined below), (i) the transactions contemplated by this
section, and (ii) any other dispositions of Company equity securities (including derivative securities) or other acquisitions of Parent equity securities (including derivative securities) in connection with this Agreement, shall be exempt under Rule
16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in that certain No-Action Letter, dated January 12, 1999, issued by the SEC to Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom
LLP. For purposes of this Agreement, 
Section 16 Affiliate
 shall mean each individual who (x) immediately prior to the Effective Time is a director or officer of the Company or (y) at the Effective Time will become a director or
officer of Parent or the Surviving Corporation. 

2.6    
Withholding
.    Each of the Paying Agent, Parent, and Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold, or cause the Paying Agent to deduct and withhold, from any
amounts payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder or former holder of Shares or the Company Options such amounts as may be required to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the 
Code
) or any provision of Tax law or under any other applicable legal requirement. To the extent such amounts are so deducted or withheld, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having
been paid to the person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid. 

2.7    
Transfer Taxes
.    If payment of the Offer Price payable to a holder of Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger is to be made to a person other than the person in whose name
the surrendered Certificate is registered, it shall be a condition of payment that the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or shall be otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the person requesting such payment shall have
paid all transfer and other Taxes required by reason of the issuance to a person other than the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered or shall have established to the satisfaction of Parent that such Tax either has been paid or is not
applicable. 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 

Except as
disclosed in that section of the letter of even date herewith delivered by the Company to Parent prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the 
Company Disclosure Letter
) corresponding to the Section of this Agreement
to which any of the 

D-11 

following representations or warranties pertain, the Company represents and warrants to Parent as set forth below. Each exception set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter is identified by
reference to, or has been grouped under a heading referring to, a specific individual section of this Agreement and relates only to such section. 

3.1    
Organization, Standing and Power
.     The Company and each of its subsidiaries is a corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has the corporate power to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted and as currently proposed to
be conducted and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified and in good standing would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company has made available a true
and correct copy of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, or other equivalent charter documents, as applicable, of the Company and each of its subsidiaries, each as amended to date, to Parent. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
is in violation of any of the provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or equivalent charter documents, as applicable. Except for the entities identified in Section 3.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company does not directly
or indirectly own any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible or exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity or similar interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business association or entity.

3.2    
Capitalization
. 

(a)    The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 65,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share (
Company Common
Stock
), of which 25,307,436 shares were issued and outstanding as of May 7, 2002, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share (
Company Preferred Stock
 and, together with Company Common Stock,

Company Capital Stock
), of which no shares are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof. As of the date hereof, (i) 5,370 shares of Company Common Stock and no shares of Company Preferred Stock are issued and held in the
treasury of the Company, and (ii) 3,075,297 shares of Company Common Stock are reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding Company Options. As of the date hereof, there are no warrants outstanding to purchase shares of Company Common Stock. All of
the outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock are, and all shares of Company Capital Stock which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of outstanding Company Options will be, when issued in accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The rights, preferences and privileges of the Company Preferred Stock are as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 

(b)    Except as set forth above, and in Section 3.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, as of the date hereof, (i)
there are no shares of capital stock of the Company authorized, issued or outstanding; (ii) there are no existing options, warrants, calls, preemptive rights, indebtedness having general voting rights or debt convertible into securities having such
rights (
Voting Debt
) or subscriptions or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character, relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of the Company obligating the Company to issue, transfer or sell or
cause to be issued, transferred or sold any shares of capital stock or Voting Debt of, or other equity interest in, the Company or securities

D-12 

convertible into or exchangeable for such shares or equity interests, or obligating the Company to grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, subscription or other right,
agreement, arrangement or commitment and (iii) there are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Capital Stock, or other capital stock of the Company or to provide funds to make
any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any other entity. 

(c)    There are no voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which the Company is a party with respect to the voting of the capital stock of the Company. 

(d)    Following the Effective Time, no holder of Company Options will have any right to receive shares of common
stock of the Surviving Corporation upon exercise of Company Options. 

(e)    No Indebtedness
of the Company contains any restriction upon (i) the prepayment of any of such Indebtedness, (ii) the incurrence of Indebtedness by the Company, or (iii) the ability of the Company to grant any lien on its properties or assets. For purposes of this
Agreement, 
Indebtedness
 shall mean (i) all indebtedness for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current trade liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in
accordance with customary practices), (ii) any other indebtedness that is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument, (iii) all obligations under financing leases requiring payment by the Company of over $10,000 per annum, (iv) all
obligations in respect of acceptances issued or created, (v) all liabilities secured by any lien on any property and (vi) all guarantee obligations. 

(f)    Section 3.2(f) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists all Company Options, the name of the holder of each Company Option, the date of grant and the exercise price of such
Company Option, the number of shares of Common Stock as to which such Company Option has vested and the vesting schedule for such Company Option. 

3.3    
Authority
.    The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and (subject to any stockholder approval that may be
required) to consummate the Transactions. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, subject only to the approval of
the Merger by the Companys stockholders. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except to
the extent that enforceability may be limited by the effect, if any, of (i) any applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) general principles of
equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company does not, and the consummation of the Transactions will not, conflict with, or result in
any violation of, or default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both), or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or loss of any benefit under (i) any provision of the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws, or other equivalent charter documents, as applicable, of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (ii) any Material Contract (as defined in Section 3.26) or any material permit,

D-13 

concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of its properties or assets. Except for (i) compliance with
any applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, (ii) any filings that may be required under the DGCL in connection with the Merger, (iii) the filing with the SEC and/or The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. (
Nasdaq
) of (A) the Schedule
14D-9, (B) the Proxy Statement (if stockholder approval is required by law) and (C) such reports under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, (iv) such filings and approvals as
may be required by any applicable state securities, blue sky or takeover laws, filings, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the 
HSR
Act
), and any comparable provisions under any applicable pre-merger notification laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions, and (v) such other consents, authorizations, filings, approvals and registrations which if not obtained or made
would not be material to the Company or have a material effect on the ability of the Company to consummate the Merger, no notice to, filing with, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any arbitrator, court, nation, government, any
state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial regulatory or administrative functions of, or pertaining to, government (a 
Governmental Entity
), or any private third party is
necessary for the consummation by the Company of the Transactions. 

3.4    
SEC Filings;
Company Financial Statements
. 

(a)    The Company has filed all forms, reports and
documents required to be filed by the Company with the SEC since August 7, 2000 and has made available to Parent such forms, reports and documents in the form filed with the SEC. All such required forms, reports and documents (including those that
the Company may file subsequent to the date hereof) are referred to herein as the 
Company SEC Reports
. As of their respective dates, the Company SEC Reports (i) were prepared in all material respects in accordance with the
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act
), or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to such Company SEC Reports and (ii) did not at
the time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact or disclose any matter or
proceeding required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the Companys subsidiaries is required to file any forms,
reports or other documents with the SEC or similar regulatory body. 

(b)    Each of the
consolidated financial statements (including, in each case, any related notes thereto) contained in the Company SEC Reports (the 
Company Financials
), including each Company SEC Report filed after the date hereof until the Closing,
(i) complied in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii) was prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (
GAAP
) applied on a
consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of unaudited interim financial statements, as may be permitted by the SEC on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act) and (iii) fairly
presented in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of the Companys operations and cash flows for the periods indicated,
except that the unaudited interim financial statements may not contain 

D-14 

footnotes and were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments. The balance sheet of the Company contained in the Company SEC Reports as of December 31, 2001 (the 
Balance
Sheet Date
) as filed with the SEC before the date hereof is hereinafter referred to as the 
Company Balance Sheet
. 

(c)    The Company has heretofore furnished to Parent and Purchaser a complete and correct copy of any amendments or modifications, which have not yet been filed with the SEC but
which are required to be filed, to agreements, documents or other instruments which previously had been filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

3.5    
Absence of Certain Changes
.     Since the Balance Sheet Date, the Company and its subsidiaries have not: 

(a)    suffered any Material Adverse Effect (excluding the effects of (i) any change in the trading price
of Company Common Stock and (ii) loss of customer relationships after the date hereof as a result of the announcement or pendency of the Transactions; 
provided that
 such losses are not from customers who, over the immediately preceding
12-month period, constituted greater than 20% of the aggregate revenues from all customers in such period) or any event or change which is reasonably likely to have or constitute such a Material Adverse Effect; 

(b)    to the knowledge of the Company, incurred any material liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise), except items incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice; 

(c)    paid, discharged or satisfied any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction (i) in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice of liabilities and obligations reflected or reserved against in the Company Balance Sheet or (ii) incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice since the Balance Sheet Date or (iii)
aggregating less than $50,000 since the Balance Sheet Date; 

(d)    permitted or allowed any
of their properties or assets (real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible) to be subjected to any liens, except for liens for current taxes not yet due or liens the incurrence of which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company;

(e)    cancelled any debts or waived any claims or rights of substantial value; 

(f)    sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of any of their material properties or assets (real,
personal or mixed, tangible or intangible), except in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice; 

(g)    granted any increase in the compensation or benefits of any director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company or its subsidiaries (including any such increase pursuant to any bonus, pension, profit
sharing or other plan or commitment) or any increase in the compensation or benefits payable or to become payable to any director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company or its subsidiaries, except in the case of employees other than
officers

D-15 

or former officers of the Company or its subsidiaries for such increases in compensation or benefits made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice; 

(h)    made any change in severance policy or practices; 

(i)    made any capital expenditure or acquired any property, plant and equipment for a cost in excess of $650,000 per
fiscal quarter in the aggregate, subject to an increase of up to $1,000,000 per fiscal quarter in the aggregate but only with the prior written consent of the Vice President of Finance of Parent for any such expenditures in excess of $650,000;

(j)    declared, paid or set aside for payment any dividend or other distribution in respect
of their respective capital stock or redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company or its subsidiaries; 

(k)    made or changed any election relating to Taxes, adopted or changed any accounting method relating to Taxes, entered into any closing agreement
relating to Taxes, filed any amended Tax Return, settled or consented to any claim or assessment relating to Taxes, incurred any obligation to make any payment of, or in respect of, any Taxes, except in the ordinary course of business, or agreed to
extend or waive the statutory period of limitations for the assessment or collection of Taxes; 

(l)    paid, loaned or advanced any amount to, or sold, transferred or leased any material properties or assets (real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible) to, or entered into any agreement or arrangement
with, any of their respective officers, directors or stockholders or any affiliate or associate of any of their officers, directors or stockholders except for directors fees, and compensation to officers at rates not inconsistent with the
Company or its subsidiaries past practice; or 

(m)    agreed, whether in writing or
otherwise, to take any action described in this Section 3.5. 

3.6    
Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities.
    Except as and to the extent provided in the Company Balance Sheet, to the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries do not have any material liabilities (whether contingent or absolute, direct
or indirect, known or unknown to the Company or matured or unmatured or otherwise) that are not fully reflected or fully reserved against in the Company Balance Sheet, respectively, or incurred other than in the ordinary course of business,
consistent with past practice. 

3.7    
Litigation.
    To the
knowledge of the Company, there is no private or governmental action, suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration or investigation pending before any agency, court or tribunal, foreign or domestic, or threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries or
any of their properties or any of their officers or directors (in their capacities as such). There is no judgment, decree or order against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their directors or officers
(in their capacities as such), that could reasonably be expected to prevent, enjoin, or materially alter or delay any of the Transactions, or that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the 

D-16 

Company. There is no litigation that the Company or any of its subsidiaries has pending against other parties. 

3.8    
Restrictions on Business Activities.
    There is no agreement, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the
Company or its subsidiaries which has or could reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or impairing any current business practice of the Company or its subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by the Company or its subsidiaries or
the conduct of business by the Company or its subsidiaries as currently conducted. 

3.9
    Governmental Authorization
.    The Company and its subsidiaries have obtained each federal, state, county, local or foreign governmental consent, license, permit, grant, or other
authorization of a Governmental Entity (i) pursuant to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries currently operates or holds any interest in any of its properties or (ii) that is required for the operation of the business of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or the holding of any such interest ((i) and (ii) are herein collectively called 
Company Authorizations
), and all of such Company Authorizations are in full force and effect, except where the failure to obtain or
have any such Company Authorizations would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 

3.10    
Title to Property
.    The Company and each of its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all of its properties, interests in properties and assets, real and personal,
reflected in the Company Balance Sheet or acquired after the Balance Sheet Date (except properties, interests in properties and assets sold or otherwise disposed of since the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business, consistent with
past practice), or with respect to leased properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, free and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, charges or encumbrances of any kind or character, except (i) liens for current taxes not yet due and
payable, (ii) such imperfections of title, liens and easements as do not and will not materially detract from or interfere with the use or value of the properties subject thereto or affected thereby, or otherwise materially impair business
operations involving such properties and (iii) liens securing debt which are reflected on the Company Balance Sheet, including security interests disclosed on Section 3.10 of the Companys Disclosure Letter. The property and equipment of the
Company and each of its subsidiaries that are used in the operations of business are (taken as a whole) in good operating condition and repair, subject to normal wear and tear. All properties used in the operations of the Company are reflected in
the Company Balance Sheet to the extent GAAP requires the same to be reflected. 

3.11    
Technology and Intellectual Property
. 

(a)    
Definitions
.    The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 


Company Intellectual Property

 means all Intellectual Property that the Company either owns or has a right to use. 


Company Technology
 means all Technology owned by the Company or used in the conduct of the business of the Company as currently conducted or contemplated
to be conducted. 

D-17 


Computer Software
 means all computer programs (whether in
source code or object code form and including, without limitation, any and all software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies), and all data bases, compilations and documentation (including, without limitation, user, operator, and
training manuals) related to the foregoing. 


Copyrights
 means all rights in U.S. and foreign
copyrights (whether registered or unregistered), including all rights to apply for, applications to register, and registrations of any of the foregoing. 


Intellectual Property
 means all Copyrights, Patents, Trade Secrets, Trademarks and Internet domain names. 


Inventors
 means all parties (whether employees, consultants or contractors) that have been engaged in the creation of Intellectual Property or Technology
as part of their duties for, during their work with or relating to, or otherwise using any of the equipment, materials or facilities of, the Company. 


Patents
 

means all rights in U.S. and foreign patents (including, without limitation, provisional patents, utility patents, divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part,
renewals, reissues, reexaminations, extensions), including all rights to apply for, applications for, and any issuances or registrations of the foregoing. 


Technology
 

means all processes, formulae, algorithms, data, models, plans, methodologies, theories, ideas, techniques, discoveries, disclosures, inventions, Computer Software
and any other tangible or intangible form of technology, information or know-how. 


Trademarks


means all trademarks, service marks, trade names, designs, logos, slogans, and general intangibles of like nature, together with all goodwill, and all rights to apply for or register, applications for, and registrations of any of the
foregoing. 


Trade Secrets
 means all rights in trade secrets and other proprietary or
confidential information, in any format, whether tangible or intangible. Trade Secrets also include all rights associated with non-public or unregistered Patents and Copyrights. 

(b)    Section 3.11(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of all Company Intellectual Property (excluding Trade
Secrets and non-material unregistered copyrights), specifying whether the Company owns or licenses such Company Intellectual Property. With respect to the Company Intellectual Property owned by the Company: (i) Section 3.11(b) of the Company
Disclosure Letter also sets forth a true and complete list of all (1) patents and patent applications, (2) copyright registrations and copyright applications, (3) trademark registrations and trademark applications, (4) Internet domain name
registrations and applications for domain name registrations, and (5) other filings and formal actions made or taken by the Company pursuant to federal, state, local and foreign laws to protect its interests in the Company Intellectual Property; and
(ii) the Company or one of its subsidiaries is listed in the records of the appropriate U.S., state or foreign agency as the sole owner of record for each such patent, copyright, trademark or Internet domain name. 

D-18 

(c)     With respect to any patents and patent applications
set forth in Section 3.11(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter: (i) each has been prosecuted in material compliance with all applicable rules, policies and procedures of the United States Patent and Trademark Office or applicable foreign patent
agencies; and (ii) the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Inventors are not aware of any material prior art relevant thereto that, while potentially limiting the scope of the claims, would render the claims unpatentable, invalid or
unenforceable. 

(d)    Section 3.11(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and
complete list of (i) all products that have been or currently are being sold (or are currently in development for sale) by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and (ii) all Company Intellectual Property embodying any Company Technology material to
the conduct of the business of the Company as currently conducted or contemplated to be conducted specifying whether the Company owns or licenses such Company Intellectual Property. 

(e)    Section 3.11(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of all agreements (including, without limitation, license
agreements, development agreements, distribution agreements, settlement agreements, consent to use agreements and covenants not to sue, other than licenses for personal computer software that is generally available on nondiscriminatory pricing terms
and has an individual acquisition cost of $1,000 (One Thousand Dollars) or less per software package) to which the Company is a party or otherwise bound, granting or obtaining any right to use or exploit or practice any rights in any Company
Intellectual Property or any Company Technology or restricting the Companys rights to use any Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology (all of the foregoing being collectively known as the 
License Agreements
).
Each License Agreement is valid and binding on all parties thereto and enforceable in accordance with its terms, and there exists no event or condition that does or will result in a violation or breach of such License Agreement, or constitute (with
or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under such License Agreement, by the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party to such License Agreement. The Company has not licensed or sublicensed its rights in any
Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology other than pursuant to the License Agreements. None of the License Agreements grants any third party exclusive rights, or sublicensing rights, to or under any Company Intellectual Property or
Company Technology, except to the extent that such License Agreements allow for sublicensing of the Companys products to end users. 

(f)    Except as disclosed in Section 3.11(f) of the Company Disclosure Letter, to the knowledge of the Company, the Company owns all right, title and interest in and to, or has a
valid and unrestricted right to exploit, free and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, charges or encumbrances of any kind or character, all Intellectual Property used in or necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company as currently
conducted or contemplated to be conducted, and all Intellectual Property required for use of the Company Technology. The Company has secured valid and binding written assignments from all employees, consultants and other third parties who
contributed to the creation or development of Company Intellectual Property. 

(g)    The
Company Intellectual Property is subsisting, in full force and effect, has not been cancelled, expired or abandoned, other than any cancellations, expirations or abandonments that are reasonably likely to cause a Material Adverse Effect on the
business of

D-19 

the Company as presently conducted or as contemplated to be conducted. To the knowledge of the Company and the Inventors, the Company Intellectual Property is valid and enforceable. 

(h)    To the knowledge of the Company, the Company Technology was developed without infringing any
copyright, or misappropriating any Trade Secret, of any third party. All use and disclosure of third party Trade Secrets has been pursuant to the terms of a written agreement between Company and the owner of such Trade Secrets, or is otherwise
lawful. 

(i)    The use of the portion of the Company Technology that was developed by the
Inventors and the conduct of the business of the Company (including, without limitation, the provision of services and the manufacturing, marketing, licensing and sale of goods), as currently conducted and as contemplated to be conducted, does not
and will not infringe any copyright or misappropriate any Trade Secret of any third party. To the knowledge of the Company, the use of the Company Technology and the conduct of the business of the Company (including, without limitation, the
provision of services and the manufacturing, marketing, licensing and sale of goods), as currently conducted and as contemplated to be conducted, does not and will not infringe any patent of any third party. 

(j)    The Company and the Inventors have no knowledge that any third party is misappropriating, infringing, diluting
or violating any Company Intellectual Property. The Company and the Inventors have not brought any claims, suits, arbitrations or other adversarial proceedings related to the foregoing against any third party. The Company and the Inventors have not
entered into any agreement to indemnify any third party against any charge of misappropriation, infringement, dilution or violation of any Company Intellectual Property. 

(k)    There is no pending or threatened claim, suit, arbitration or other adversarial proceeding before any court, agency, arbitral tribunal, or
registration authority in any jurisdiction, to the knowledge of the Company: (i) involving the Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology; (ii) alleging that the use of the Company Technology or that the activities or the conduct of the
business of the Company does or will infringe any Intellectual Property of any third party; or (iii) challenging the ownership, use, validity, enforceability or registrability of any Company Intellectual Property. The Company has neither sought nor
received any opinions of counsel related to any of the foregoing. 

(l)    There are no
settlements, forbearances to sue, consents, judgments, or orders or similar obligations, other than the License Agreements, that do or may be reasonably expected to: (i) restrict the Companys rights to use any Company Intellectual Property or
Company Technology; (ii) restrict the use of the Company Technology or the conduct of the business of the Company in order to accommodate a third partys Intellectual Property rights; or (iii) permit third parties to use any Company
Intellectual Property or Company Technology. 

(m)    Section 3.11(m) of the Company Disclosure
Letter sets forth a true and complete list of all Intellectual Property (excluding Trade Secrets and non-material unregistered Copyrights) developed by the Inventors materially related to the past, actual or potential business of the Company (the

Inventor-Developed Intellectual Property
), and all Technology (excluding Technology forming the basis for Trade Secrets and non-material unregistered

D-20 

Copyrights) developed by the Inventors that is materially related to the past, actual or potential business of the Company, as embodied in such Inventor-Developed Intellectual Property (the

Inventor-Developed Technology
). 

(n)    All right, title and interest in
and to the Inventor-Developed Intellectual Property and the Inventor-Developed Technology have been transferred to the Company by the Inventors, and such Inventor-Developed Intellectual Property and Inventor-Developed Technology are now,
respectively, part of the Company Intellectual Property and Company Technology. 

(o)    To the
knowledge of the Company, no third party, including but not limited to any former employer of the Inventors, has any claim to any right, title or interest in and to either the Inventor-Developed Intellectual Property or the Inventor-Developed
Technology. 

(p)    The Inventors independently developed the Inventor-Developed Technology
without infringing any copyright or misappropriating any Trade Secret of any third party. To the knowledge of the Company, no former employer of any Inventor has a reasonable basis for bringing any claim, suit or action for patent infringement,
copyright infringement, trade secret misappropriation, or under a theory of inevitable disclosure. 

(q)    The Inventors have not made any filings for or otherwise taken any steps to secure or acquire any Intellectual Property right, related to any Inventor-Developed Intellectual Property or Inventor-Developed
Technology, that has not already been transferred to the Company. 

(r)     The Inventors have
executed valid and binding written nondisclosure agreements and invention and intellectual property assignment agreements, consistent with this Section 3.11, with the Company effective as of the date each Inventor became an employee of or otherwise
associated with the Company. 

(s)    All Company employees and other parties having access to
the Companys Trade Secrets have executed written nondisclosure agreements, consistent with this Section 3.11. 

(t)    No Trade Secret of the Company has been disclosed or authorized to be disclosed to any third party other than pursuant to a written nondisclosure agreement consistent with this Section 3.11, and no party to
any such nondisclosure agreement is in breach or default thereof. Without limiting the generality of foregoing, the Company has taken reasonable measures, consistent with customary industry practice, to protect and preserve its Trade Secrets.

(u)    No current or former Inventor, partner, director, officer or employee of the Company
(or any of their respective predecessors in interest) will, after giving effect to the Transactions, own or retain any rights in or to or under any of the Company Intellectual Property or Company Technology. 

(v)    The execution of, the delivery of, the consummation of the Transactions contemplated by, and the performance of
the Companys obligations under this Agreement will not result in any loss or impairment of the Companys rights to own or use any of the Company

D-21 

Intellectual Property or the Company Technology, or of any agreement to which the Company is a party. 

Without limiting any other remedy available to Parent, to the extent necessary to perfect title in any of the Company Intellectual Property, or otherwise effect any provision of or remedy any breach of
this Section 3.11, the Company hereby agrees (and further agrees to use its reasonable efforts to cause the Inventors to) to perform any act and execute any document as may be requested by Parent. 

3.12    
Environmental Matters. 

(a)    The Company and each of its subsidiaries are in material compliance with all Environmental Laws (as hereinafter defined), which compliance
includes, but is not limited to, the possession by the Company and its subsidiaries of all material permits and other governmental authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws, and compliance in all material respects with the terms
and conditions thereof. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any written communication, whether from a governmental authority, citizens group, employee or otherwise, that alleges that the Company or any of its subsidiaries is
not in full compliance, and, to the knowledge of the Company and its subsidiaries, there are no material circumstances that may prevent or interfere with such compliance in the future. All of the material permits that are presently in effect and
that the Company and its subsidiaries have pursuant to Environmental Laws are listed on Section 3.12 (a) of the Company Disclosure Letter. 

(b)    To the knowledge of the Company and its subsidiaries, there are no Environmental Claims pending, alleged or threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the
Company and its subsidiaries, against any person or entity whose liability for any Environmental Claim the Company or any of its subsidiaries have retained or assumed either contractually or by operation of law. 

(c)    There are no past or present actions, activities, circumstances, conditions, events or incidents, including,
without limitation, the release, emission, discharge, presence or disposal of any Material of Environmental Concern by or attributable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, that could reasonably be expected to form the basis of any
Environmental Claim against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company and any of its subsidiaries, against any person or entity whose liability for any Environmental Claim the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
retained or assumed either contractually or by operation of law. 

(d)    Without in any way
limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) all on-site and off-site locations where the Company or any of its subsidiaries has stored any material quantity of Materials of Environmental Concern are identified in Section 3.12(d)(i) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, (ii) any underground storage tanks and the capacity and contents of such tanks, if known to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, located on property owned or leased by the Company or any of its subsidiaries are identified in
Section 3.12(d)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Letter, (iii) to the knowledge of the Company and any of its subsidiaries, there is no asbestos contained in or forming part of any building, building component, structure or office space owned or leased
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in violation of any

D-22 

Environmental Laws, and (iv) to the knowledge of the Company no polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) or PCB-containing items are used or stored at any property owned, leased or operated by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries in violation of any Environmental Laws. 

(e)    The Company
has provided to Parent all assessments, reports, data, results of investigations or audits, and other information that is in the possession of or reasonably available to the Company and its subsidiaries regarding environmental matters pertaining to
or the environmental condition of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, or the compliance (or noncompliance) by the Company and its subsidiaries with any Environmental Laws. 

For purposes of this Agreement: 

(i)    
Environmental Claim
    means any material claim, action, cause of action, investigation or notice (written or oral) by any person or entity alleging potential
liability (including, without limitation, potential liability for investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental response costs, natural resources damages, property damages, personal injuries, or penalties) arising out of, based on or resulting
from (a) the presence, or release into the environment, of any Material of Environmental Concern at any location, whether or not owned or operated by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (b) circumstances forming the basis of any violation, or
alleged violation, of any Environmental Law. 

(ii)    
Environmental
Laws
    means all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water,
ground water, land surface or subsurface strata with respect to Matters of Environmental Concern), including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of Materials of Environmental
Concern, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Materials of Environmental Concern. 

(iii)    
Materials of Environmental Concern
    means, to the extent addressed by Environmental Laws, chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants, hazardous wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum and petroleum products, but excluding materials commonly employed or wastes commonly generated in office operations and/or janitorial operations.

D-23 

3.13    
Taxes
. 

(a)    The Company and its subsidiaries have (i) properly completed and timely filed (taking into account extensions
granted without penalty and described in Section 3.13 of the Company Disclosure Letter) all Tax Returns required to be filed by them on or before the Closing Date and (ii) paid, or where payment is not yet due, have provided adequate accruals in
accordance with U.S. GAAP in the Financial Statements for, all Taxes due with respect to any period ending on or before the Closing Date. The Company and each of its subsidiaries have no material liability for unpaid Taxes accruing after the date of
the latest Financial Statements. There is (i) no material claim for Taxes that is a lien against the property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or is being asserted against the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than liens for Taxes
not yet due and payable and for which there are adequate accruals in accordance with U.S. GAAP, (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, no audit of any Tax Return of the Company or any of its subsidiaries being conducted by a Tax Authority, (iii) no
extension of the statutory period of limitations for the assessment of any Taxes granted by the Company or any of its subsidiaries currently in effect, and (iv) no agreement, contract or arrangement to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is
a party that may reasonably be expected to result in the payment of any amount that would not be deductible by reason of section 280G or section 404 of the Code (or comparable provisions under foreign or state Tax laws). Neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries has filed nor will file any consent to have the provisions of paragraph 341(f)(2) of the Code (or comparable provisions of any foreign or state Tax laws) apply to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries is a party to any Tax sharing or Tax allocation agreement nor does the Company or any of its subsidiaries have any liability or potential liability to another party under any such agreement. The Company has never been a
member of a consolidated, combined or unitary group of which the Company was not the ultimate parent corporation. The Company has never been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of section 897 of the Code.
The pricing of any transaction between the Company and any of its subsidiaries has been determined on an arms-length basis and in compliance with the best method rule and the documentation requirements under sections
482 and 6662 of the Code and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(b)    For
purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 
Tax
 (and, with correlative meaning, 
Taxes
 and 
Taxable
) means (i) any net income, alternative or add-on minimum tax,
gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, 
ad valorem
, transfer, franchise, profits, license, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, environmental or windfall profit tax, custom, duty or other tax,
whether imposed directly or by withholding, together with any interest or any penalty, addition to tax or additional amount imposed by any governmental entity (a 
Tax Authority
) responsible for the imposition of any such tax
(domestic or foreign), (ii) any liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in (i) as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group for any Taxable period, and (iii) any liability for the
payment of any amounts of the type described in (i) or (ii) as a result of being a transferee of or successor to any person or as a result of any express or implied obligation to indemnify any other person. As used herein, 
Tax
Return
 shall mean any return, statement, report or form (including, without limitation, estimated tax returns and reports, withholding tax returns and reports and information reports and returns) required to be filed with respect to Taxes.

D-24 

3.14    
Employee Benefit Plans
. 

(a)    Section 3.14 of the Company Disclosure Letter lists, with respect to the Company, any of its
subsidiaries and any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is treated as a single employer with the Company (an 
ERISA Affiliate
) within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code, (i) all employee
benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (
ERISA
), (ii) each loan to a non-officer employee in excess of $10,000, loans to officers and directors and any stock
option, stock purchase, phantom stock, stock appreciation right, supplemental retirement, severance, sabbatical, medical, dental, vision care, disability, employee relocation, cafeteria benefit (Code Section 125) or dependent care (Code Section
129), life insurance or accident insurance plans, programs or arrangements, (iii) all bonus, pension, profit sharing, savings, deferred compensation or incentive plans, programs or arrangements, (iv) other fringe or employee benefit plans, programs
or arrangements that apply to senior management of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and that do not generally apply to all employees, and (v) any current or former employment or executive compensation or severance agreements, written or
otherwise, as to which unsatisfied obligations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries of greater than $10,000 remain for the benefit of, or relating to, any present or former employee, consultant or director of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries (together, the 
Company Employee Plans
 ). 

(b)    The Company
has made available to Parent a copy of each of the Company Employee Plans and related material plan documents (including trust documents, insurance policies or contracts, employee booklets, summary plan descriptions and other authorizing documents,
and any material employee communications relating thereto) and has, with respect to each Company Employee Plan which is subject to ERISA reporting requirements, provided copies of the Form 5500 reports filed for the last three (3) plan years. Any
Company Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has either obtained from the IRS a favorable determination letter as to its qualified status under the Code, including all amendments to the Code effected by the Tax
Reform Act of 1986, or has applied to the IRS for such a determination letter prior to the expiration of the requisite period under applicable Treasury Regulations or IRS pronouncements in which to apply for such determination letter and to make any
amendments necessary to obtain a favorable determination or has been established under a standardized prototype plan for which an IRS opinion letter has been obtained by the plan sponsor and is valid as to the adopting employer. The Company has also
made available to Parent the most recent IRS determination, notification, advisory, or opinion letter issued with respect to each such Company Employee Plan, and, to the Companys knowledge, nothing has occurred since the issuance of each such
letter which could reasonably be expected to cause the loss of the tax-qualified status of any Company Employee Plan subject to Code Section 401(a). 

(c)    There has been no non-exempt prohibited transaction, as such term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, with respect to any Company
Employee Plan. Each Company Employee Plan has been administered in accordance with its terms and in compliance with the requirements prescribed by any and all statutes, rules and regulations (including ERISA and the Code), except as would not have,
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, and the Company and each of its subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed

D-25 

by them under, are not in any material respect in default under or violation of, and have no knowledge of any material default or violation by any other party to, any of the Company Employee
Plans. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates is subject to any liability or penalty under Sections 4976 through 4980 of the Code or Title I of ERISA with respect to any of the Company Employee Plans. All contributions
and premium required to be made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates to any Company Employee Plan have been made on or before their due dates and a reasonable amount has been accrued for contributions to each Company
Employee Plan for the current plan years. With respect to each Company Employee Plan, no reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA (excluding any such event for which the thirty (30) day notice requirement has been
waived under the regulations to Section 4043 of ERISA) nor any event described in Section 4062, 4063 or 4041 or ERISA has occurred. Each Company Employee Plan can be amended, terminated or otherwise discontinued after the Closing Date in accordance
with its terms, without liability to Parent (other than ordinary administrative expenses typically incurred in a termination event). With respect to each Company Employee Plan subject to ERISA as either an employee pension plan within the meaning of
Section 3(2) of ERISA or an employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA, the Company has prepared in good faith and timely filed all requisite material governmental reports (which, to the Companys knowledge, were
true and correct as of the date filed) and has properly and timely filed and distributed or posted all material notices and reports to employees required to be filed, distributed or posted with respect to each such Company Employee Plan. No suit,
administrative proceeding, action or other litigation has been brought, or to the best knowledge of the Company is threatened, against or with respect to any such Company Employee Plan, including any audit or inquiry by the Internal Revenue Service
(the 
IRS
) or United States Department of Labor other than requests for payments in the ordinary course or requests for qualified domestic relations orders. No lien has been imposed under Section 412(n) of the Code or Section
302(f) of ERISA on the assets of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate, and no event or circumstance has occurred that is reasonably likely to result in the imposition of any such lien on any such assets on account of any
Company Employee Plan. 

(d)    With respect to each Company Employee Plan, the Company and
each subsidiary has complied in all material respects with (i) the applicable health care continuation and notice provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (
COBRA
) and the regulations (including
proposed regulations) thereunder, (ii) the applicable requirements of the Family Medical and Leave Act of 1993 and the regulations thereunder, and (iii) the applicable requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
and the regulations (including proposed regulations) thereunder. 

(e)    The consummation of
the Transactions will not (i) entitle any current or former employee or other service provider of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliates to severance benefits or any other payment, except as expressly provided in this
Agreement, or (ii) except as disclosed in Section 3.14 of the Company Disclosure Letter, accelerate the time of payment or vesting of Company Options, or increase the amount of compensation due any such employee or service provider. 

(f)    No amounts payable under any of the Company Employee Plans or any other contract, agreement or
arrangement with respect to which the Company or any of its

D-26 

subsidiaries may have any liability could reasonably be expected to fail to be deductible for federal income tax purposes by virtue of Section 162(m) or Section 280G of the Code. 

(g)    No Company Employee Plan provides benefits, including without limitation death or medical benefits
(whether or not insured), with respect to current or former employees of the Company, its subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate after retirement or other termination of service (other than (i) coverage mandated by applicable laws, (ii) death benefits
or retirement benefits under any employee pension plan, as that term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, (iii) deferred compensation benefits accrued as liabilities on the books of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or an ERISA
Affiliate, or (iv) benefits, the full direct cost of which is borne by the current or former employee (or beneficiary thereof)). 

(h)    There has been no amendment to, written interpretation or announcement (whether or not written) by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliates relating to, or change in participation or
coverage under, any Company Employee Plan which would increase the expense of maintaining such Plan above the level of expense incurred with respect to that Plan for the most recent fiscal year included in the Financial Statements. 

(i)    Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate currently maintains,
sponsors, participates in or contributes to, nor have they ever maintained, established, sponsored, participated in, or contributed to, any pension plan (within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA) which is subject to Part 3 of Subtitle B of Title
I of ERISA, Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code. 

(j)    Neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliates is a party to, or has ever made any contribution to or otherwise incurred any obligation to contribute to, any multi-employer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA. 

3.15    
Certain Agreements Affected by the Merger.
    Except as required under Section 2.4,
neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the Transactions will (i) result in any payment (including, without limitation, severance, unemployment compensation, golden parachute, bonus or otherwise) becoming due to
any director or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) materially increase any benefits otherwise payable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any such
benefits. No payment which will or may be made by the Company to any employee will be characterized as an excess parachute payment within the meaning of section 280G(b)(1) of the Code. 

3.16    
Employee Matters.
    Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is in compliance in
all material respects with all currently applicable laws and regulations respecting employment, discrimination in employment, terms and conditions of employment, wages, hours and occupational safety and health and employment practices, and is not
engaged in any unfair labor practice. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has in all material respects withheld all amounts required by law or by agreement to be withheld from the wages, salaries, and other payments to employees and is not
liable for any material arrears of wages or any taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is liable for any material payment to any trust or other fund or to any
governmental

D-27 

or administrative authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or obligations for employees (other than routine payments to be made in the
normal course of business and consistent with past practice). There are no pending claims against the Company under any workers compensation plan or policy or for long term disability. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no controversies
pending or threatened, between the Company and its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any of their respective employees, on the other hand, which controversies have or could reasonably be expected to result in an action, suit, proceeding, claim,
arbitration or investigation before any agency, court or tribunal, foreign or domestic. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor union contract nor does the Company know of any
activities or proceedings of any labor union or organize any such employees. To the Companys knowledge, no employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries are in violation of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure
agreement, non-competition agreement, or any restrictive covenant to a former employer relating to the right of any such employee to be employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries because of the nature of the business conducted by the Company
or to the use of trade secrets or proprietary information of others. No key employees or officers of the Company or any of its subsidiaries have given notice to the Company, nor is the Company otherwise aware, that any such key employee or officer
intends to terminate his or her employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

3.17    
Interested Party Transactions.
    Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is indebted to any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any such subsidiaries
(except for amounts due as normal salaries and bonuses and in reimbursement of ordinary expenses), and no such person is indebted to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

3.18    
Insurance.
    Section 3.18 of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a complete list of the policies and contracts of
insurance maintained by the Company and each of its subsidiaries. There is no material claim pending under any of such policies or bonds as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds. All
premiums due and payable to date under all such policies and bonds have been paid and the Company and each of its subsidiaries is otherwise in compliance in all material respects with the terms of such policies and bonds. The Company has no
knowledge of any threatened termination of, or material premium increase with respect to, any of such policies. 

3.19    
Compliance With Laws.
    Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with, is not in violation of, and has not received any notices of
violation with respect to, any material federal, state, local or foreign statute, law or regulation with respect to the conduct of its business, or the ownership or operation of its business. 

3.20    
Minute Books.
    The minute books of the Company and its subsidiaries made available to Parent contain a
complete and accurate summary in all material respects of all meetings of directors and stockholders or actions by written consent since the time of incorporation of the Company and its subsidiaries through the date of this Agreement, and reflect
all transactions referred to in such minutes accurately in all material respects. 

D-28 

3.21    
Complete Copies of Materials.
    The Company has delivered or made
available true and complete copies of each document which has been listed on the Company Disclosure Letter. 

3.22    
Vote Required.
    The affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock is the only vote of the holders of any of the
Company Capital Stock necessary to approve this Agreement and the Transactions. 

3.23    
Brokers and Finders Fees.
    The Company has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders fees or
agents commissions or investment bankers fees or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any Transaction. 

3.24    
Board Approval.
    The Company Board of Directors, at a meeting duly called and held at which all directors were present, has unanimously (i) duly and validly approved
and taken all corporate action required to be taken by the Company Board of Directors to authorize this Agreement, and the consummation of the Transactions, (ii) resolved that the Transactions are advisable and in the best interests of the
stockholders of the Company and that the consideration to be paid for each Share in the Offer and the Merger is fair to the holders of such Shares, and (iii) subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, resolved to recommend that the
stockholders of the Company accept the Offer, tender their shares to the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, and approve and adopt this Agreement, and each of the Transactions, and none of the aforesaid actions by the Company Board of Directors has
been amended, rescinded or modified. 

3.25    
Customers and
Suppliers.
    During the 12 month period preceding the date hereof, no customer which individually accounted for more than 5% of the Companys gross revenues during such 12-month period has canceled or otherwise
terminated, or made any written threat to the Company or its subsidiaries to cancel or otherwise terminate its relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries, and, as of the date hereof, to the actual knowledge without due inquiry of the
executive staff and the legal department of the Company, no such customer has provided notice that it intends to cancel or otherwise terminate its relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries or substantially reduce its future purchases of
services or products of the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has engaged in any fraudulent conduct with respect to any customer or supplier of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

3.26    
Material Contracts. 

Except for the contracts and agreements described in Section 3.26 of the Company Disclosure Letter (collectively, the 
Material Contracts
), neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any material contract, including without limitation (it being understood by the parties that the thresholds set forth below are not determinative of the threshold of
materiality used in this Agreement): 

(a)    excluding any reseller agreements
listed in the Company Disclosure Letter, any distributor, sales, advertising, agency or manufacturers representative contract requiring future payment of more than $50,000 per year individually or $200,000 in the

D-29 

aggregate for all such contracts, and any such contracts entered into within the past three (3) months requiring future payment of more than $10,000 per year individually; 

(b)    any continuing contract for the purchase of materials, supplies, equipment or services requiring
payment of more than $100,000 over the future life of any single contract or $250,000 in the aggregate for such contracts; 

(c)    any contract that (x)(i) expires more than one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, (ii) requires delivery of notice by the Company to prevent the extension of its term to more than one (1) year after
the date of this Agreement or (iii) may be renewed at the option of any person other than the Company so as to expire more than one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, and (y) requires future payment of more than $35,000; 

(d)    any trust indenture, mortgage, promissory note, loan agreement or other contract for the borrowing
of money, any currency exchange, commodities or other hedging arrangement or any leasing transaction of the type required to be capitalized in accordance with U.S. GAAP; 

(e)    any contract for capital expenditures requiring future payment in excess of $50,000 for any such contract or $200,000 in the aggregate for all
such contracts; 

(f)    any contract limiting the freedom of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to engage in any line of business or to compete with any other person as that term is defined in the Exchange Act, or, other than those entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice, any
confidentiality, secrecy or non-disclosure contract; 

(g)    any material contract pursuant to
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a lessor of any machinery, equipment, motor vehicles, office furniture, fixtures or other personal property; 

(h)    any contract with any affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or 

(i)    any agreement of guarantee, support, indemnification, assumption or endorsement of, or any similar commitment with respect to, the obligations, liabilities (whether accrued,
absolute, contingent or otherwise) or indebtedness of any other person. 

3.27    
No Breach
of Material Contracts.    
All Material Contracts are in written form. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has in all material respects performed the obligations required to be performed by it (except for past breaches
which have been cured or waived or for which the Company and its subsidiaries have no continuing obligations) and is entitled to all benefits under, and to its knowledge, is not alleged to be in default in respect of, any Material Contract. Each of
the Material Contracts is in full force and effect, and there exists no default or event of default or event, occurrence, condition or act, with respect to the Company or any of it subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, with respect to
the other contracting party, which, with the giving of notice, the lapse of time or the happening of any other event or conditions, would reasonably be expected to become a default or event of default under the terms

D-30 

of any Material Contract. True, correct and complete copies of all Material Contracts have been delivered to or otherwise made available for review by the Parent. 

3.28    
Material Third Party Consents.
    Section 3.28 of the Company Disclosure Letter
includes every Material Contract which, if no required consent regarding the Transactions is obtained, would have a Material Adverse Effect on Parents ability to operate the business of the Company and its subsidiaries in the same manner as
the business was operated by the Company and its subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time. 

3.29    
Product Releases.
    The Company has provided Parent a schedule of product releases, which schedule is attached as Section 3.29 of the Company Disclosure Letter. The Company has
a good faith reasonable belief that it can achieve the release of products on the schedule described in Section 3.29 of the Company Disclosure Letter and is not currently aware of any change in its circumstances or other fact that has occurred that
would cause it to believe that it will be unable to meet such release schedule. 

3.30    
Information in the Proxy Statement.
    The Proxy Statement, if any (and any amendment thereof and supplement thereto), at the date mailed to the Companys stockholders and
at the time of any meeting of Company stockholders to be held in connection with the Merger, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except that no representation is made by the Company with respect to statements made therein based on information supplied in writing by Parent or Purchaser
expressly for inclusion in the Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement will comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

3.31    
Information in the Offer Documents and the Schedule 14D-9.
    The information supplied by the Company expressly for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Offer Documents or the Schedule 14D-9 will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Schedule 14D-9 will comply in all material respects with the provisions of applicable federal securities laws and, on the date filed with the
SEC and on the date first published or sent or given to the Companys stockholders, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to statements made in the Schedule 14D-9 based on information furnished
by Parent or Purchaser expressly for inclusion therein. 

3.32    
State Takeover
Statutes.
    The action taken by the Company Board of Directors constitutes approval of the Transactions (including each of the Offer and the Merger) by the Company Board of Directors under Section 203 of the DGCL, and no
other state takeover statute is applicable to the Transactions (including, for the sake of clarity, the transactions contemplated by the Stockholders Agreement and the option granted pursuant thereto). 

D-31 

3.33    
Opinion of Financial Advisor.
    The Company has received the
written opinion of RBC Dain Rauscher Inc., a member company of RBC Capital Markets, dated the date hereof, to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion, the consideration to be received in the Offer and the Merger by the Companys
stockholders is fair to the Companys stockholders from a financial point of view, and a copy of such opinion has been provided to Parent and Purchaser. The Company has been authorized by RBC Dain Rauscher Inc. to permit the inclusion of such
opinion in its entirety in the Offer Documents, the Schedule 14D-9 and the Proxy Statement, provided that RBC Dain Rauscher Inc. shall have the right to review and approve in advance of filing the form and content of such opinion and any reference
thereto contained in the Offer Documents and the Schedule 14D-9. 

3.34    
Accounts
Receivable.
    Subject to any reserves set forth in the Company Financials, the accounts receivable shown in the Company Financials represent and will represent bona fide claims against debtors for sales and other charges,
and are not subject to discount except for normal cash and immaterial trade discounts. The amount carried for doubtful accounts and allowances disclosed in the Company Financials is sufficient to provide for any losses which may be sustained on
realization of the receivables. 

3.35    
Personnel.
    Section 3.35
of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of (a) the names and current salaries of all directors and elected and appointed executive officers of each of the Company and its subsidiaries, and (b) the number of shares of
Company Common Stock owned beneficially or of record, or both, by each such person and the family relationships, if any, among such persons. 

3.36    
Representations Complete.
    The Company has not failed to disclose to Parent or the Purchaser any facts material to the Companys business,
results of operations, prospects, assets, liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise). None of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein or in any Schedule hereto, including the Company Disclosure Letter, or in any
certificate furnished by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, when all such documents are read together in their entirety, contains or will contain upon the consummation of the Offer any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits or will omit
upon the consummation of the Offer to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein, in the light of the circumstances under which made, not misleading. 

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND PURCHASER 

Each of Parent and Purchaser
represents and warrants to the Company as follows: 

4.1    
Organization, Standing and
Power.
    Parent is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Parent has the corporate power to own its properties and to carry on its business as
now being conducted and as proposed to be conducted and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified and in good standing would

D-32 

have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Parent is not in violation of any of the provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws. 

4.2    
Organization, Standing and Power.
    Purchaser is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Purchaser has the corporate power to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted and as proposed to be conducted and is duly qualified to do business and is in
good standing in each jurisdiction in which failure to be so qualified and in good standing would have a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser. Purchaser is not in violation of any of the provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws.

4.3    
Authority.
    Parent has all requisite corporate power and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Transactions. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Parent enforceable against Parent in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by the effect, if
any, of (i) any applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered
in a proceeding at law or in equity. The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the Transactions will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of, or default under (with or without notice or lapse of time,
or both), or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or loss of a benefit under (i) any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of Parent or (ii) any material mortgage, indenture, lease,
contract or other agreement or instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order or decree applicable to Parent or the properties or assets of Parent. Except for (i) compliance with any applicable requirements of the Exchange Act,
(ii) any filing pursuant to the DGCL, (iii) the filing or deemed filing with the SEC and/or Nasdaq of (A) the Schedule TO, (B) the Proxy Statement, if stockholder approval is required by law and (C) such reports under Section 13(a), 13(d) and
Section 16 of the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, (iv) such filings and approvals as may be required by any applicable state securities, blue sky or takeover laws, (v) filings, permits,
authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under the HSR Act and any comparable provisions under any applicable pre-merger notification laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions, and (vi) such other consents, authorizations,
filings, approvals and registrations which if not obtained or made would not be material to Parent or have a material effect on the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the Merger, neither the execution, delivery or performance of this
Agreement by Parent, the consummation by Parent of the Transactions, nor compliance by Parent with any of the provisions hereof will (i) require any notice to, filing with, or permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any Governmental Entity or
any private third party, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the charter or by-laws of Parent, (iii) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or
give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration or result in the creation of any lien) under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, contract, agreement or other instrument or
obligation to which Parent is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets may be bound or (iv) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, treaty, rule or regulation

D-33 

applicable to Parent, or any of its properties or assets except, in the case of clauses (i), (iii) and (iv), where the failure to obtain such permits, authorizations, consents or approvals or to
make such filings, or where such violations, breaches or defaults would not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the ability of Parent to consummate the Transactions. 

4.4    
Authority.
    Purchaser has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate
the Transactions. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Purchaser. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
Purchaser and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Purchaser enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by the effect, if any, of (i) any applicable bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the Transactions will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of, or default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both), or give rise to a right of
termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or loss of a benefit under (i) any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of Purchaser or (ii) any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement or
instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order or decree applicable to Purchaser or the properties or assets of Purchaser. Except for (i) compliance with any applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, (ii) any filing pursuant
to the DGCL, (iii) the filing or deemed filing with the SEC and/or Nasdaq of (A) the Schedule TO, (B) the Proxy Statement, if stockholder approval is required by law and (C) such reports under Section 13(a), 13(d) and Section 16 of the Exchange Act
as may be required in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, (iv) such filings and approvals as may be required by any applicable state securities, blue sky or takeover laws, (v) filings, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals
as may be required under the HSR Act and any comparable provisions under any applicable pre-merger notification laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions, and (vi) such other consents, authorizations, filings, approvals and registrations which if
not obtained or made would not be material to Purchaser or have a material effect on the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the Merger, neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by Purchaser and Parent, the
consummation by Purchaser and Parent of the Transactions, nor compliance by Purchaser with any of the provisions hereof will (i) require any notice to, filing with, or permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any Governmental Entity or any
private third party, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the charter or by-laws of Purchaser, (iii) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give
rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration or result in the creation of an lien) under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, contract, agreement or other instrument or
obligation to which Purchaser is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets may be bound or (iv) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, treaty, rule or regulation applicable to Purchaser or any of its properties or
assets except, in the case of clauses (i), (iii), and (iv), where the failure to obtain such permits, authorizations, consents or approvals or to make such filings, or where such violations, breaches or defaults would not, individually or in the
aggregate, materially impair the ability of Purchaser to consummate the Transactions. 

D-34 

4.5    
Information in the Proxy
Statement.
    The information supplied by Parent or Purchaser in writing expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement (or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto) will not, at the date
mailed to stockholders and at the time of the meeting of stockholders to be held in connection with the Merger, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. 

4.6    
Information in the Offer Documents.
    The Offer Documents will comply in all material respects with the provisions of applicable federal securities laws and, on the date filed
with the SEC and on the date first published or sent or given to Company stockholders, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that Parent and Purchaser make no representation or warranty with respect to information furnished by the Company expressly for inclusion
in the Offer Documents. 

4.7    
Financing.
    Purchaser has, and
will have available to it upon the consummation of the Offer, sufficient funds to consummate the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including payment in full for all Shares validly tendered into the Offer or outstanding at the Effective
Time (and all related fees and expenses), subject to the terms and conditions of the Offer and this Agreement. 

4.8    
Ownership of Company Stock.
    On the date hereof, Parent, Purchaser and their respective controlled affiliates own no shares of Company Common Stock, and (other than as
specifically provided herein or in the Stockholders Agreement) own no additional rights to purchase Company Common Stock through any option from any other person. 

4.9    
Litigation.
    There is no judgment, decree or order against Parent or Purchaser, or any of their respective
subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of Parent or Purchaser, any of their directors or officers (in their capacities as such), that could reasonably be expected to prevent, enjoin or materially alter or delay any of the Transactions. 

ARTICLE V 

CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME 

5.1    
Conduct of Business by
the Company
.     During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, the Company and each of its subsidiaries
shall, except to the extent that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing, carry on its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course, in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted and in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable laws and regulations, pay its debts and Taxes when due subject to good faith disputes over such debts, pay or perform other material obligations when due, and use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and
policies to (i) preserve intact its present business organization, (ii) keep available the services of its present

D-35 

officers, employees and contractors and (iii) preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has business dealings. 

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, without the prior written consent of Parent, during the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, the Company shall not do any of the following and shall not permit its subsidiaries to do any of the following (except as
may be expressly contemplated or specifically permitted by this Agreement): 

(a)    Waive any
stock repurchase rights, accelerate, amend or change the period of exercisability of options or restricted stock, or reprice options granted under any employee, consultant, director or other stock plans or authorize cash payments in exchange for any
options granted under any of such plans; 

(b)    Adopt a plan of complete or partial
liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization (other than the Merger); 

(c)    Grant any severance or termination pay to any officer or employee except pursuant to written agreements in effect, or policies existing, on the date hereof and as previously disclosed in writing to Parent,
or adopt any new severance, retention or change in control plan; 

(d)    Transfer or license
to any person or entity or otherwise extend, amend or modify in any material respect any rights to the Company Intellectual Property, other than nonexclusive licenses in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 

(e)    Declare, set aside, or pay any dividends on or make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock,
equity securities or property) in respect of any capital stock or split, combine or reclassify any capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for any capital stock;

(f)    Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital
stock of the Company or its subsidiaries, or any instrument or security that consists of a right to acquire such shares except repurchases of unvested shares at cost in connection with the termination of the employment relationship with any employee
pursuant to stock option or purchase agreements in effect on the date hereof; 

(g)    Issue,
deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of capital stock, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire any shares of capital stock or any securities
convertible into shares of capital stock, or enter into other agreements or commitments of any character obligating it to issue any such shares or convertible securities, other than the issuance, delivery and/or sale of shares of the Company Common
Stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options or warrants therefor outstanding as of the date hereof; 

(h)    Split, combine or reclassify any class of capital stock; 

D-36 

(i)    Cause, permit or propose any amendments to its
Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or other charter documents (or similar governing instruments of any of its subsidiaries); 

(j)    Acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing any equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership,
association or other business organization or division thereof; or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets which are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the business of the Company; or enter into any joint ventures, strategic
partnerships or alliances, other than content alliance, reseller and distribution agreements in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 

(k)    Sell, transfer, lease, license (outside of the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), mortgage, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of any properties
or assets which are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the business of the Company; 

(l)    Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities
of the Company, enter into any keep well or other agreement to maintain any financial statement condition, incur or modify any other material liability or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing
other than (i) in connection with the financing of ordinary course trade payables consistent with past practice or (ii) pursuant to existing credit facilities as in effect on the date hereof in the ordinary course of business; 

(m)    Adopt or amend any employee benefit plan or employee stock purchase or employee stock option plan,
or enter into any employment contract, consulting agreement or collective bargaining agreement (other than offer letters and letter agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice with employees who are
terminable at will), pay any special bonus or special remuneration to any director, officer, consultant or employee, or increase the salaries or wage rates or fringe benefits (including rights to severance or indemnification) of its
directors, officers, employees or consultants other than increases to employees who are not directors or affiliates in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or make any loans to any of its officers, directors, employees,
affiliates, agents or consultants or make any change in its existing borrowing or lending arrangements for or on behalf of any of such persons pursuant to an employee benefit plan or otherwise; 

(n)    Pay or make any accrual or arrangement for payment of any pension, retirement allowance or other employee benefit pursuant to any existing
plan, agreement or arrangement to any officer, director, employee or affiliate or pay or agree to pay or make any accrual or arrangement for payment to any officers, directors, employees or affiliates of the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any
amount relating to unused vacation days, except payments and accruals made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; adopt or pay, grant, issue, accelerate or accrue salary or other payments or benefits pursuant to any
pension, profit-sharing, bonus, extra compensation, incentive, deferred compensation, stock purchase, stock option, stock appreciation right, group insurance, severance pay, retirement or

D-37 

other employee benefit plan, agreement or arrangement, or any employment or consulting agreement with or for the benefit of any Company or Company subsidiary director, officer, employee, agent or
consultant, whether past or present, or amend in any material respect any such existing plan, agreement or arrangement in a manner inconsistent with the foregoing; 

(o)    Modify, amend or terminate any material contract or agreement to which the Company or any subsidiary thereof is a party, including any joint
venture agreement, or waive, release or assign any material rights or claims thereunder; 

(p)    Pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of any such claims, liabilities or
obligations, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or of claims, liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in, or contemplated by, the consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the
Company; 

(q)    Except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
enter into any licensing, distribution, sponsorship, advertising, merchant program, encoding services, hosting or other similar contracts, agreements, or obligations which may not be canceled without penalty by the Company or its subsidiaries upon
notice of thirty (30) days or less or which provide for payments by or to the Company or its subsidiaries in an amount in excess of $45,000 over the term of any single agreement or $100,000 in the aggregate over the term of all such agreements or
which involve any exclusive terms of any kind; 

(r)    Permit any insurance policy naming it
as a beneficiary or a loss payee to be cancelled or terminated without notice to Parent; 

(s)    Revalue any of its assets or, except as required by GAAP, make any change in accounting methods, principles or practices; 

(t)    Make or change any election relating to Taxes, adopt or change any accounting method relating to Taxes, enter into any closing agreement relating
to Taxes, file any amended Tax Return, settle or consent to any claim or assessment relating to Taxes, incur any obligation to make any payment of, or in respect of, any Taxes, except in the ordinary course of business, or agree to extend or waive
the statutory period of limitations for the assessment or collection of Taxes; 

(u)    Fail to
make in a timely manner any filings with the SEC required under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; 

(v)    Take any action that would or is reasonably likely to result in any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VII or any of the
conditions to the Offer set forth in Annex I not being satisfied, or would make any representation or warranty of the Company contained herein inaccurate in any material respect at, or as of any time prior to, the Effective Time, or that would
materially impair the ability of the Company to consummate the Merger in accordance with the terms hereof or materially delay such consummation; or 

D-38 

(w)    Enter into any written agreement, contract, commitment or arrangement to do any of the
foregoing, or authorize, recommend, propose, in writing or otherwise or announce an intention to do any of the foregoing. 

5.2    
No Solicitation
. 

(a)    Each of the Company
and its Representatives (as defined below) has ceased and caused to be terminated all existing solicitations, initiations, encouragements, discussions, negotiations and communications with any persons or entities with respect to any offer or
proposal relating to any transaction or series of related transactions other than the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement involving: (A) any acquisition or purchase from the Company by any person or group (as defined under
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) of more than a fifteen percent (15%) interest in the total outstanding voting securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any tender offer or exchange offer that
if consummated would result in any person or group (as defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) beneficially owning fifteen percent (15%) or more of the total outstanding voting securities
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any merger, (B) any consolidation, business combination or similar transaction involving the Company pursuant to which the stockholders of the Company immediately preceding such transaction hold less than
eighty-five percent (85%) of the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction; (C) any sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of business), exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of
business), acquisition or disposition of more than fifteen percent (15%) of the assets of the Company; or (D) any recapitalization, restructuring, liquidation or dissolution of the Company (each, an 
Acquisition Proposal
). Except
as provided in Section 5.2(b), from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, the Company shall not and shall not authorize or permit its officers, directors, employees, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants or other agents or those of its subsidiaries (collectively, 
Representatives
) to directly or indirectly (i) initiate, solicit or knowingly encourage, or knowingly take any action to facilitate the making of,
any offer or proposal which constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) in the event of an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal for the
Company, engage in negotiations or discussions with, or provide any information or data to, any person (other than Parent or any of its affiliates or representatives) relating to any Acquisition Proposal. Any violation of the foregoing restrictions
by any of the Companys Representatives, whether or not such Representative is so authorized and whether or not such Representative is purporting to act on behalf of the Company or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement by
the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 5.2 or any other provision hereof shall prohibit the Company or the Company Board of Directors from (x) taking and disclosing to the Companys stockholders its
position with respect to any tender or exchange offer by a third party pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act, or (y) making such disclosure to the Companys stockholders as in the good faith judgment of the
Company Board of Directors, only after receipt of advice from outside legal counsel to the Company that such disclosure is required under applicable law and that the failure to make such disclosure is reasonably likely to cause the Company Board of
Directors to violate its fiduciary duties to the Companys stockholders under applicable law, is required. 

D-39 

(b)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the acceptance
of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Company may furnish information concerning its business, properties or assets to any person pursuant to a confidentiality agreement with terms (other than any standstill arrangement) no less favorable to the
Company than those contained in the confidentiality agreement, dated as of February 28, 2002, entered into between Parent and the Company (the 
Confidentiality Agreement
), and may negotiate and participate in discussions and
negotiations with such person concerning an Acquisition Proposal if, but only if, (x) such Acquisition Proposal provides for consideration to be received by the holders of all, but not less than all, of the issued and outstanding Shares (a

Takeover Proposal
); (y) such person has in the absence of any violation of this Section 5.2 by the Company, submitted a bona fide written proposal to the Company relating to any such Takeover Proposal which at least a majority of
the full Board of Directors determines in good faith, after receiving advice from a nationally recognized investment banking firm and advice from its outside legal counsel, involves consideration to the holders of the Shares that is superior to the
consideration offered pursuant to the Offer, otherwise represents a superior transaction to the Offer and the Merger, is reasonably capable of being completed by no later than the Termination Date (as defined in Section 8.1(b)) and which is not
conditioned upon obtaining additional financing, or any regulatory approvals beyond or in addition to those regulatory approvals specifically referenced in Section 7.1(d), and (z) in the good faith opinion of the Company Board of Directors, only
after consultation with outside legal counsel to the Company, providing such information or access or engaging in such discussions or negotiations is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and the failure to provide such
information or access or to engage in such discussions or negotiations would cause the Company Board of Directors to violate its fiduciary duties to the Companys stockholders under applicable law (a Takeover Proposal which satisfies clauses
(x), (y) and (z) being referred to herein as a 
Superior Proposal
). The Company shall promptly, and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of a Superior Proposal and prior to providing any such party with any
material non-public information, notify Parent orally and in writing of such Superior Proposal, which notices shall disclose the identity of the other party and the material terms of such Superior Proposal. The Company shall promptly, and in any
event within twenty-four (24) hours following a determination by the Company Board of Directors that a Takeover Proposal is a Superior Proposal and prior to providing any such party with any material non public information, notify Parent of such
determination. The Company shall promptly provide to Parent any material non-public information regarding the Company provided to any other party which was not previously provided to Parent, such additional information to be provided no later than
the date of provision of such information to such other party. 

(c)    Except as set forth
herein, neither the Company Board of Directors nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement, to Parent or to Purchaser, the approval
or recommendation by the Company Board of Directors or any such committee of the Offer, this Agreement or the Merger, (ii) approve or recommend or propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal or (iii) enter into any agreement with
respect to any Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the time of acceptance for payment of Shares in the Offer, the Company Board of Directors may (subject to the terms of this and the following sentence) withdraw or modify
its approval or recommendation of the Offer, this Agreement or the Merger, approve or recommend a Superior Proposal, or enter into an

D-40 

agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal, in each case at any time after the third business day following the Companys delivery to Parent of written notice advising Parent that the
Company Board of Directors has received a Superior Proposal, specifying the material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal, identifying the Person making such Superior Proposal and advising Parent that the Company intends to withdraw or
modify its approval or recommendation of the Offer, this Agreement or the Merger, approve or recommend a Superior Proposal, or enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal (specifying which course of action the Company intends to
take); 
provided, however
, that the Company shall not enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal unless the Company shall also have terminated this Agreement in compliance with Section 5.2(d). Any such withdrawal, modification
or change of the recommendation of the Company Board of Directors, the approval or recommendation or proposed approval or recommendation of any Superior Proposal or the entry by the Company into any agreement with respect to any Superior Proposal
shall not change the approval of the Company Board of Directors for purposes of causing any state takeover statute or other state law to be inapplicable to the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including each of the Offer, the Merger, and
the Stockholders Agreement. 

(d)    The Company may terminate this Agreement and enter into a
letter of intent, agreement-in-principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement (each, an 
Acquisition Agreement
) with respect to such Superior Proposal, 
provided
 that, prior to any such termination, (i) the
Company has provided Parent written notice that it intends to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 5.2(d), identifying the Superior Proposal then determined to be more favorable and the parties thereto and delivered a copy of the
Acquisition Agreement for such Superior Proposal in the form to be entered into, (ii) during the period following the delivery of the notice referred to in clause (i) above, during which Parent shall have the right to propose adjustments in the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Company shall have caused its financial and legal advisors to negotiate with Parent in good faith such proposed adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (iii) at least three (3) full
business days after the Company has provided the notice referred to in clause (i) above, the Company delivers to Parent (A) a written notice of termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 5.2(d), and (B) a wire transfer of immediately
available funds in the amount of the Termination Fee (as defined in Section 8.2(b)) plus the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of Parent and Purchaser as set forth in Section 8.2(b), as the same may have been estimated by Parent in good faith prior
to the date of such delivery (subject to an adjustment payment between the parties upon Parents definitive determination of such expenses), and (C) a written acknowledgment from each other party to such Superior Proposal that it waives any
right it may have to contest the validity or enforceability of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the Stockholders Agreement. 

5.3    
Notification of Acquisition Proposals
.    The Company shall promptly (and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours after receipt thereof) notify
Parent and Purchaser if any proposals are received by, any information is requested from, or any negotiations or discussions are sought to be initiated or continued with the Company or its Representatives, in each case in connection with any
Acquisition Proposal or the possibility or consideration of making an Acquisition Proposal, indicating, in connection with such notice, the name of the person indicating the interest in such Acquisition Proposal and the material terms and conditions
of any

D-41 

proposal or offer. The Company shall keep Parent and Purchaser informed, on a current basis, of the status and material terms of any such Acquisition Proposal. 

ARTICLE VI 

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 

6.1    
Proxy
Statement
.    As promptly as practicable after the consummation of the Offer and if required by the Exchange Act, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC, and shall use its reasonable efforts to respond promptly to
any comments made by the SEC, and promptly thereafter shall mail to stockholders, the Proxy Statement. In such event, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Proxy Statement shall contain the recommendation of the unanimous
Company Board of Directors in favor of the Merger. 

6.2    
Meeting of Stockholders of the
Company
.    In connection with the Special Meeting, if any, the Company shall, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, use its reasonable efforts to solicit from stockholders of the Company proxies in favor of
the Merger, and shall take all other action necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of Purchaser, advisable to secure any vote or consent of such stockholders required by the DGCL and the Companys Certificate of Incorporation to effect the
Merger. Purchaser agrees that it shall vote, or cause to be voted, in favor of the Merger all Shares directly or indirectly beneficially owned by it. 

6.3    
Confidentiality; Access to Information
. 

(a)    The parties acknowledge that the Company and Parent have previously executed the Confidentiality Agreement. Unless otherwise required by law or regulation (including Nasdaq rules) or pursuant to the terms
and provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement, Parent and the Purchaser will hold any information which is non-public in confidence in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and, in the event this Agreement is terminated for
any reason, Parent or the Purchaser shall promptly return or destroy such information in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement. 

(b)    The Company will afford Parent and its Representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to the properties, books, analysis, projections, plans, systems, contracts, commitments,
records, personnel offices and other facilities of the Company and its subsidiaries during the period prior to the Effective Time to obtain all information concerning the business, including the status of product development efforts, properties,
results of operations and personnel of the Company and use reasonable best efforts to make available at all reasonable times during normal business hours to Parent and its Representatives, the appropriate individuals (including management personnel,
attorneys, accountants and other professionals) for discussion of the Companys business, properties, prospects and personnel as Parent may reasonably request. During such period, the Company shall (and shall cause each of the Companys
subsidiaries to), subject to any limitations imposed by law with respect to records of employees, furnish promptly to Parent and the Purchaser (a) a copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed or received by it
during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal securities laws and (b) all other information concerning its business, properties and personnel as Parent or the Purchaser may reasonably request. No information or

D-42 

knowledge obtained by Parent in any investigation pursuant to this Section 6.3 will affect or be deemed to modify any representation or warranty contained herein or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties to consummate the Merger. 

6.4    
Public
Disclosure
.    The initial press release concerning the Offer and the Merger shall be a joint press release and, thereafter, neither Parent, Purchaser nor the Company will disseminate any press release or other announcement
concerning the Merger, the Offer or this Agreement or the other Transactions contemplated by this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of each of the other parties hereto, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
The parties have agreed to the text of the joint press release announcing the execution of this Agreement. 

6.5    
Reasonable Efforts; Notification
. 

(a)    Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or
cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the other Transactions, including
complying in all material respects with all applicable laws and with all rules and regulations of any Governmental Entity, using commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the following: (i) the taking of all reasonable acts necessary to cause
the Minimum Condition and all the conditions set forth in Article VII and in Annex I hereto to be satisfied and to consummate and make effective the Merger and the other Transactions, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions,
waivers, consents, approvals, orders and authorizations from Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary registrations, declarations and filings (including registrations, declarations and filings with Governmental Entities, if any) and the
taking of all reasonable steps as may be necessary to avoid any suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Entity, (iii) the obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties, (iv) the defending
of any suits, claims, actions, investigations or proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any
court or other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed, and (v) the execution or delivery of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the Transactions, and to carry out fully the purposes of, this Agreement; provided that nothing contained
in this Section 6.5 shall require any party to waive or exercise any right hereunder which is waivable or exercisable in the sole discretion of such party. In connection with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its Board of Directors
shall, if any state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes applicable to the Merger, this Agreement or any of the other Transactions, use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Merger and the other Transactions may be
consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on the Merger, this Agreement and the other Transactions. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to require Parent or any of its affiliates to make proposals, execute or carry out agreements or submit to orders providing for the sale or other disposition or holding separate (through the
establishment of a trust or otherwise) of any assets or categories of assets of Parent, any of its affiliates or the Company or the holding separate of the shares of the Company Common Stock

D-43 

or imposing or seeking to impose any limitation on the ability of Parent or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to conduct their business or own such assets or to acquire, hold or exercise full
rights of ownership of the shares of the Company Common Stock. In case at any time after the Effective Time any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the proper officers and directors of the Company,
Parent and Purchaser shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all such necessary actions. Parent shall cause Purchaser to fulfill all of Purchasers obligations under, and pursuant to, this Agreement.

(b)    Each party shall give prompt notice to the other parties of (i) any representation or
warranty made by such party in this Agreement that is untrue or inaccurate in any material respect at any time from the date hereof to the Effective Time (ii) any condition set forth in Annex I that is unsatisfied in any material respect at any time
from the date hereof to the date the Purchaser purchases Shares pursuant to the Offer (except to the extent it refers to a specific date), and (iii) any material failure of such party or any of its representatives to comply with or satisfy any
covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder; provided, however, that no such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations
of the parties under this Agreement. 

6.6    
Qualified
Plans
.    The Company shall take all necessary action to cause any Company Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code to be terminated prior to the acquisition by Purchaser of eighty percent (80%)
of the outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock. The Company shall provide Parent with a copy of resolutions duly adopted by the Company Board of Directors amending any such plan so as to assure its continued qualified status under Section
401(a) of the Code on termination and terminating such plan effective at least one (1) day prior to the Closing Date. 

6.7    
Indemnification
. 

(a)    For a period of six
(6) years after the Effective Time (or, in the case of matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time for which a claim is asserted within the six (6)-year period contemplated by this Section 6.7, until such matters are finally resolved),
Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of the Company pursuant to any indemnification agreements, dated prior to the date hereof and set forth in Section 6.7(a) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, between the Company and its directors and officers as of the Effective Time (the 
Indemnified Parties
) and any indemnification provisions under the Companys Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws as in effect on the
date hereof. The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation will contain provisions with respect to exculpation, indemnification and advancement of expenses that are at least as favorable to the Indemnified Parties as those
contained in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company as in effect on the date hereof, which provisions will not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six (6) years from the Effective Time in any manner that
would adversely affect the rights thereunder of individuals who, at any time on or following the date hereof to immediately prior to the Effective Time, were directors or officers of the Company, unless such modification is required by applicable
law. 

D-44 

(b)    For a period of six (6) years after the Effective Time, Parent will cause the Surviving
Corporation to use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in effect, if available, directors and officers liability insurance covering those persons who are currently covered by the Companys directors and
officers liability and fiduciary insurance policy on terms no less favorable than those applicable to the current directors and officers of the Company; with an amount of coverage of not less than 100% of the amount of coverage maintained by
the Company as of the date of this Agreement, with respect to matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including, without limitation, the Transactions); provided, however, that in no event will the Surviving Corporation be required to
expend annually in excess of one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the annual premium currently paid by the Company for such coverage (the 
Current Annual Premium Amount
) (or such coverage as is available for such one hundred
twenty-five percent (125%) of such annual premium). The Current Annual Premium Amount is set forth on Section 6.7 of the Company Disclosure Letter. 

(c)    This Section 6.7 shall survive the consummation of the Merger, is intended to benefit the Company, the Surviving Corporation and each indemnified party, shall be binding on
all successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation and Parent, and shall be enforceable by the Indemnified Parties. 

(d)    If the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such
consolidations or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person, then, and in each case, to the extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of the
Surviving Corporation shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section 6.7. 

6.8    
Interim Directors
.    Pursuant to Section 1.3(b), the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause a sufficient number of its current directors to continue as
Independent Directors of the Company until the Effective Time. 

6.9    
Option to Acquire
Additional Shares
. 

(a)    The Company hereby grants to Parent and Purchaser an
irrevocable option, subject to the terms and conditions below, and to termination of this Agreement (the 
Purchaser Option
) to purchase up to that number of newly issued shares of the Companys Common Stock (the

Purchaser Option Shares
) equal to the number of shares of Company Common Stock that, when added to the number of shares of Company Common Stock owned by Parent, Purchaser and the other affiliates and direct and indirect wholly
owned subsidiaries of Parent immediately following the consummation of the Offer, shall constitute one share more than ninety percent (90%) of the shares of Company Common Stock then outstanding on a Fully Diluted Basis for a consideration per
Purchaser Option Share equal to the Offer Price. 

(b)    Such Purchaser Option shall be
exercisable only after the purchase of and payment for shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer by Parent or Purchaser as a result of which Parent, Purchaser and the other affiliates and direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of
Parent own at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock. Such Purchaser Option shall not be exercisable if the number of

D-45 

shares of the Company Common Stock subject thereto exceeds the number of authorized shares of Company Common Stock available for issuance. 

(c)    In the event Parent and Purchaser wish to exercise the Purchaser Option, Purchaser shall give the Company one (1) days prior written
notice specifying the number of shares of Company Common Stock that are or will be owned by Parent, Pu