URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/853273/000095013002007027/0000950130-02-007027.txt

2787337

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 HUTTON CENTRE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			SANTA ANA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92707
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7144454400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 HUTTON CENTRE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			SANTA ANA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92707

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BORLAND SOFTWARE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000853273
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				942895440
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 ENTERPRISE WAY
		CITY:			SCOTTS VALLEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95066-3249
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8314311000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 ENTERPRISE WAY
		CITY:			SCOTTS VALLEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95066-3249

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BORLAND INTERNATIONAL INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BORLAND INTERNATIONAL DELAWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19891011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INPRISE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980813

SC TO-T

dsctot.htm

SCHEDULE TO

SCHEDULE TO

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Schedule TO 

Tender Offer Statement under Section 14(d)(1) or 13(e)(1)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Starbase Corporation 

(Name of Subject Company (issuer)) 

Galaxy Acquisition Corp. 

(Offeror) 

Borland Software Corporation 

(Parent of Offeror) 

(Names of Filing Persons) 

COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.01 PER
SHARE 

(Title of Class of Securities) 

8549102 05 

(CUSIP Number of Class of Securities) 

Keith E. Gottfried, Esq. 

Senior Vice PresidentLaw and Corporate Affairs, 

General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Legal Officer 

Borland Software
Corporation 

100 Enterprise Way 

Scotts Valley, CA 95066-3249

Tel: (831) 431-1000 

Fax: (831) 431-4171 

(Name, address, and telephone number of person authorized to receive notices 

and communications on behalf of filing persons) 

with copies to: 

Richard E. Climan, Esq.

David A.
Lipkin, Esq.

Cooley Godward LLP

Five Palo Alto
Square

3000 El Camino Real

Palo Alto, CA
94306-2155

Tel: (650) 843-5000

Fax: (650)
849-7400

Daniel E. Stoller, Esq.

Richard
J. Grossman, Esq.

Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP

Four Times Square

New York, NY 10036-6522

Tel: (212) 735-3000

Fax: (212) 735-2000

Calculation of Filing Fee 

Transaction valuation(1)

Amount of filing fee(2)

$24,064,948

$2,214

(1)

Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 0-11(d) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, based on
the product of (i) $2.75 (i.e. the tender offer price) and (ii) 8,750,890, the maximum number of shares of Starbase common stock to be acquired in this tender offer and the merger (including 14,200 shares issuable upon exercise of Starbase stock
options with a per share price equal to or less than the tender offer price). 

(2)

The amount of the filing fee, calculated in accordance with Rule 0-11(a)(2) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Fee Rate Advisory No.
8 issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 16, 2002, equals 0.0092% of the transaction valuation. 

 

Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was previously paid.
Identify the previous filing by registration statement number or the form or schedule and the date of its filing. 

 

Check the box if the filing relates to preliminary communications made before the commencement of a tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the statement relates: 

x

third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1. 

 

issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4. 

 

going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3. 

 

amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2. 

Check

the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results of the tender offer:    
 

ITEMS 1-9, AND ITEM 11. 

This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this Schedule TO) relates to the offer by Galaxy Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland Software
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Borland), to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock (the Shares) of Starbase Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Starbase), at a purchase price of $2.75 per
Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated October 11, 2002, and in the related Letter of Transmittal, copies of which are filed with this
Schedule TO as Exhibits (a)(1) and (a)(2) hereto, respectively. This Schedule TO is being filed on behalf of the Purchaser and Borland. The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase, including Schedule I thereto, and the Letter of Transmittal
are hereby incorporated by reference in answer to Items 1-9 and 11 of this Schedule TO. 

ITEM 10.    FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 12.    EXHIBITS 

(a

)(1)

Offer to Purchase, dated October 11, 2002.

(a

)(2)

Letter of Transmittal.

(a

)(3)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a

)(4)

Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a

)(5)

Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a

)(6)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

(a

)(7)

Joint Press Release issued by Borland Software Corporation and Starbase Corporation on
October 9, 2002.

(a

)(8)

Summary Newspaper Advertisement published in The New York Times, National Edition, on October 11, 2002.

(a

)(9)

Press Release issued by Borland Software Corporation on October 11, 2002.

(b

)

Not applicable.

(d

)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 8, 2002, by and among Borland Software Corporation, Galaxy Acquisition Corp. and Starbase
Corporation.

(d

)(2)

Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002, by and among Borland Software Corporation, Galaxy Acquisition Corp., each director of Starbase
Corporation and the executive officers of Starbase Corporation identified therein.

(d

)(3)

Business Development Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement, between Borland Software Corporation and Starbase Corporation, executed on behalf of Borland Software
Corporation on September 17, 2001, and on behalf of Starbase Corporation on September 14, 2001.

(d

)(4)

Exclusivity Agreement, dated September 15, 2002, between Borland Software Corporation and Starbase Corporation.

(d

)(5)

Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002, between Borland Software Corporation and Starbase Corporation.

(d

)(6)

Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002, between Borland Software Corporation and Starbase Corporation.

(g

)

Not applicable.

(h

)

Not applicable.

SIGNATURES 

After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct. 

GALAXY ACQUISITION CORP.

By:

/
S
/    K
EITH
 E. G
OTTFRIED

Name:    Keith E. Gottfried

Title:      Vice President

BORLAND SOFTWARE CORPORATION

By:

/
S
/    K
EITH
 E. G
OTTFRIED

Name:    Keith E. Gottfried

Title:      Senior Vice President, General Counsel,

              Corporate Secretary and Chief Legal

              Officer

Dated: October 11, 2002 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No.

Document

(a)(1)

Offer to Purchase, dated October 11, 2002.

(a)(2)

Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(3)

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(4)

Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(5)

Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(6)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(7)

Joint Press Release issued by Borland Software Corporation and Starbase Corporation on October 9, 2002.

(a)(8)

Summary Newspaper Advertisement published in The New York Times, National Edition, on October 11, 2002.

(a)(9)

Press Release issued by Borland Software Corporation on October 11, 2002.

(b)

Not applicable.

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 8, 2002, by and among Borland Software Corporation, Galaxy Acquisition Corp. and Starbase
Corporation.

(d)(2)

Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002, by and among Borland Software Corporation, Galaxy Acquisition Corp., each director of Starbase
Corporation and the executive officers of Starbase Corporation identified therein.

(d)(3)

Business Development Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement, between Borland Software Corporation and Starbase Corporation, executed on behalf of Borland Software
Corporation on September 17, 2001, and on behalf of Starbase Corporation on September 14, 2001.

(d)(4)

Exclusivity Agreement, dated September 15, 2002, between Borland Software Corporation and Starbase Corporation.

(d)(5)

Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002, between Borland Software Corporation and Starbase Corporation.

(d)(6)

Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002, between Borland Software Corporation and Starbase Corporation.

(g)

Not applicable.

(h)

Not applicable.

EX-99.(A)(1)

dex99a1.htm

OFFER TO PURCHASE

OFFER TO PURCHASE

Offer to Purchase for Cash 

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 

of 

Starbase Corporation 

by 

Galaxy Acquisition Corp., 

a wholly owned subsidiary of 

at 

$2.75 Net Per Share

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER
8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

The Offer (as defined in this Offer to Purchase) is being made
pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 8, 2002 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Borland Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Borland), Galaxy Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland (the Purchaser), and Starbase Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Starbase), pursuant to which, following the purchase by the Purchaser of shares of Starbase common stock, par value
$0.01 per share, in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of each of the conditions to the Offer set forth in the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser will be merged with and into Starbase (the Merger), with Starbase surviving the Merger
as a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of Starbase common stock (other than shares owned by Borland, the Purchaser, Starbase or any wholly owned subsidiary of Borland or Starbase, or by
stockholders, if any, who are entitled to and properly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the price per share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

Starbases board of directors has, at a meeting held on October 8, 2002, by the unanimous vote of all directors of Starbase, (i)
determined that the Merger Agreement is advisable and is fair to, and in the best interests of, the stockholders of Starbase; (ii) approved the Offer and recommended to the stockholders of Starbase that they accept the Offer and tender their shares
of Starbase common stock pursuant thereto; (iii) recommended that the stockholders of Starbase vote in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement at any meeting of stockholders of Starbase that may be called to consider adopting the Merger Agreement;
(iv) approved the Merger Agreement; and (v) acknowledged and approved the Tender and Voting Agreement (as defined in this Offer to Purchase). Accordingly, the Starbase board of directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders of Starbase
tender their shares of Starbase common stock pursuant to the Offer and vote to adopt the Merger Agreement at any meeting of stockholders of Starbase that may be called to consider such adoption. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the
Expiration Date (as defined in this Offer to Purchase) that number of shares of Starbase common stock that, together with the shares then solely beneficially owned by the Purchaser and Borland (if any), represent a majority of the number of shares
constituting the sum of all then outstanding shares plus all shares issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options with a per share exercise price that is equal to or less than the Offer Price (as defined in this Offer to Purchase)
(which number of shares is referred to as Starbases Adjusted Outstanding Shares and which condition is referred to as the Minimum Condition). The Offer is also subject to other conditions described in Section 13
(Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. 

A summary of the principal terms of Offer appears on
pages 1 to 7. You should read this entire document carefully before deciding whether to tender your shares in the Offer. 

October 11,

IMPORTANT 

Any stockholder of Starbase who desires to tender all or any portion of such stockholders shares of Starbase common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer should either (i) complete and sign the Letter of Transmittal (or
a facsimile copy of it) for the Offer, which is enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, in accordance with the instructions contained in the Letter of Transmittal (having such stockholders signature on the Letter of Transmittal guaranteed if
required by Instruction 1 to the Letter of Transmittal), mail or deliver the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) and any other required documents to the depositary for the Offer, Mellon Investor Services LLC (the
Depositary), and either deliver the certificates representing such shares to the Depositary along with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) or tender such shares by book-entry transfer by following the procedures
described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Starbase Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase, in each case prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, or (ii) request such stockholders broker, dealer, bank, trust
company or other nominee to effect the transaction for such stockholder. Any stockholder of Starbase with shares of Starbase common stock registered in the name of a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee must contact that institution
in order to tender such shares to the Purchaser in the Offer. 

Any stockholder of Starbase who desires to tender
shares of Starbase common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer and whose certificates representing such shares are not immediately available, or who cannot comply in a timely manner with the procedures for tendering shares by book-entry transfer, or
who cannot deliver all required documents to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, may tender such shares to the Purchaser in the Offer by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery described in Section 2 (Procedures for
Tendering Shares of Starbase Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. 

Questions regarding the Offer,
and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent for the Offer at its address and telephone number set forth below. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice
of Guaranteed Delivery and other related materials may be obtained from the Information Agent. 

The Information Agent
for the Offer is:

17 State Street, 10th Floor 

New York, NY 10004 

Banks and Brokers Call: (212) 440-9800 

All Others Call Toll Free: (866) 431-8993 

 

Page

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

INTRODUCTION

THE TENDER OFFER

  1.

Terms of the Offer

  2.

Procedures for Tendering Shares of Starbase Common Stock in the Offer

  3.

Withdrawal Rights

  4.

Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares of Starbase Common Stock

  5.

Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences

  6.

Price Range of Shares of Starbase Common Stock; Dividends on Shares of Starbase Common Stock

  7.

Effect of the Offer on the Market for Shares of Starbase Common Stock; Nasdaq Listing of Shares of Starbase Common Stock; Exchange Act Registration of Shares
of Starbase Common Stock; Margin Regulations

  8.

Certain Information Concerning Starbase

  9.

Certain Information Concerning the Purchaser and Borland

10.

Source and Amount of Funds

11.

Background of the Offer

12.

Purpose of the Offer; Plans for Starbase; The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreement

13.

Certain Conditions to the Offer

14.

Certain Legal Matters

15.

Fees and Expenses

16.

Miscellaneous

SCHEDULE I    Directors and Executive Officers of the Purchaser and
Borland

S-1

SUMMARY TERM SHEET 

We are Galaxy Acquisition Corp., and we are making an offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Starbase Corporation. The following are some of the questions you, as a
stockholder of Starbase, may have about our offer and our answers to those questions. This Summary Term Sheet provides important and material information about our offer that is described in more detail elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase, but this
Summary Term Sheet may not include all of the information about our offer that is important to you. We urge you to carefully read the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal for our offer because the information in this
Summary Term Sheet is not complete. Additional important information about our offer is contained in the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal for our offer. We have included cross-references in this Summary Term Sheet to
other Sections of this Offer to Purchase to direct you to the Sections of this Offer to Purchase in which a more complete description of the topics covered in this Summary Term Sheet appear. 

Who is offering to buy my Starbase shares? 

Our
name is Galaxy Acquisition Corp. We are a Delaware corporation organized as a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland Software Corporation for the sole purpose of making a tender offer for the outstanding shares of common stock of Starbase. Borland is a
leading global provider of software development and application infrastructure technologies. See Introduction and Section 9 (Certain Information Concerning the Purchaser and Borland) of this Offer to Purchase for more information about Borland and
us. 

How many shares of Starbase common stock are you offering to purchase? 

We are making an offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Starbase. See Introduction and Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to
Purchase for more information. 

How much are you offering to pay for my shares of Starbase common stock, what is the form of payment
and will I have to pay any fees or commissions if I tender my shares in your offer? 

We are offering to pay
$2.75 per share, net to you, in cash (without interest) for each of your shares of Starbase common stock. If you are the record owner of your shares and you tender them in our offer, you will not have to pay any brokerage fees or similar expenses to
do so. If you own your shares through a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders your shares in our offer on your behalf, your broker or nominee may charge you a fee for doing so. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine
whether it will charge you a fee for tendering your shares in our offer. See Introduction and Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Do you have the financial resources to pay for all of the shares of Starbase common stock that you are offering to purchase? 

Yes. Our parent company, Borland Software Corporation, will contribute to us sufficient funds to pay for all of the shares of Starbase common stock that are accepted for
payment by us in the offer and to make any payments for all of the shares of Starbase common stock that are not purchased in our offer and that will be converted into the right to receive $2.75 per share in cash in the merger described below,
following the successful completion of our offer. Borland expects to use its cash on hand and cash equivalents to make this contribution. Our offer is not conditioned upon any financing arrangements or financing contingencies. See Section 10 (Source
and Amount of Funds) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Is your financial condition relevant to my decision whether to tender my shares of Starbase common
stock in your offer? 

No. We do not believe that our financial condition is relevant to your decision whether
to tender your shares of Starbase common stock in our offer because: 



cash is the only consideration that we are paying to the holders of Starbase common stock in connection with our offer; 



we are offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Starbase common stock in our offer; 



our offer is not subject to any financing arrangements or financing contingencies; and 



Borland has sufficient cash on hand and cash equivalents to provide us with the amount of cash consideration payable to holders of Starbase common stock in our
offer and the merger described below. 

See Section 10 (Source and Amount of Funds) of this
Offer to Purchase for more information. 

How long do I have to tender my shares of Starbase common stock in your offer?

Unless we extend our offer, you will have until 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, November 8,
2002, to tender your shares of Starbase common stock in our offer. If you cannot deliver everything that is required to tender your shares by that time, you may be able to use a guaranteed delivery procedure to tender your shares, as described in
Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) and Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Starbase Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. 

Under what circumstances can or must you extend your offer? 

We are permitted to (but not
required to) extend our offer beyond its initial expiration date of Friday, November 8, 2002: 



for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the Securities and Exchange Commission applicable to our offer; 



for such amount of time as is reasonably necessary to cause all of the conditions to our offer to be satisfied; and 



for an additional period of not more than 20 business days, if the sum of the number of shares of Starbase common stock that have been validly tendered and not
withdrawn in our offer as of the scheduled or any extended expiration date of our offer, plus the number of shares of Starbase common stock then solely beneficially owned by Borland and us as of such date, represents a majority of the adjusted
outstanding shares (as described below) but less than 90% of the adjusted outstanding shares of Starbase common stock as of such date. 

In addition, we are required to extend our offer for 15 business days if all of the conditions to our offer, other than the minimum condition (as defined below) and the conditions relating to any
foreign antitrust approvals and required consents, have been satisfied by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, November 8, 2002, the initial expiration date of our offer, provided that such 15-business day extension may be for a single
15-business day period or for two or more shorter periods as we shall determine, and, if the minimum condition is satisfied at the end of any such period, we will not be required to further extend our offer. 

See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

At our option, we may (but are not required to) also provide for a subsequent offering period, and one or more extensions thereof, following the expiration of and
acceptance of shares tendered in our offer. During any subsequent offering period, if there is one, you could tender your shares to us for the same offer price payable in our offer. See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for
more information. 

How will I be notified if you extend your offer? 

If we extend our offer, we will inform the Depositary of that fact and will make a public announcement of the extension, not later than
9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the day on which our offer was previously scheduled to expire. See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

What are the most significant conditions to your offer? 

We are not obligated to purchase any shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in our offer unless, prior to the expiration of our offer (as it may be extended), the number of shares validly
tendered in accordance with the terms of our offer and not properly withdrawn, together with the shares of Starbase common stock then solely beneficially owned by Borland and us, represents a majority of the number of shares constituting the sum of
all then outstanding shares of Starbase common stock plus all shares of Starbase common stock issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options with a per share exercise price that is equal to or less than the Offer price (which number of
shares we refer to in this Summary Term Sheet as the adjusted outstanding shares of Starbase, and which condition we refer to as the minimum condition in this Summary Term Sheet). 

Our offer is not subject to any financing arrangements or financing contingencies, but it is subject to a number of other conditions,
including with respect to the accuracy of Starbases representations and warranties in the merger agreement, Starbases compliance with its covenants set forth in the merger agreement, the absence of a material adverse effect on Starbase
and the absence of a deterioration in Starbases cash flow or liquidity. See Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information about these and other conditions to our offer. 

Without Starbases consent, we can waive any condition to our offer, other than the minimum condition. 

How do I tender my shares of Starbase common stock in your offer? 

To tender all or any portion of your shares of Starbase common stock in our offer, you must either deliver the certificate or certificates representing your tendered shares, with the Letter of
Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it) enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, and any other required documents, to the Depositary, Mellon Investor Services LLC,
or tender your shares using the book-entry procedure described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Starbase Common Stock in the Offer), prior to the expiration of our offer. 

If you hold your shares of Starbase common stock in street name through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee and you wish to tender all or any portion of
your shares of Starbase common stock in our offer, the broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee that holds your shares must tender them on your behalf through the Depositary. 

If you cannot deliver the items that are required to be delivered to the Depositary by the expiration of our offer, you may obtain additional time to do so by having a
broker, bank or other fiduciary that is a member of the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or other eligible institution guarantee that the missing items will be received by the Depositary within three Nasdaq Stock Market trading
days. You may use the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery enclosed with this Offer to Purchase for this purpose. To tender shares of Starbase common stock in this manner, however, the Depositary must receive the required items within such three trading
day period. See Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Starbase Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Can I withdraw shares that I previously tendered in your offer? Until what time may I withdraw previously tendered shares? 

Yes.    You can withdraw some or all of the shares of Starbase common stock that you previously tendered in our offer at any time until the expiration date of our offer as it may be
extended. Further, if we have not

accepted your shares for payment by December 10, 2002, you can withdraw them at any time after December 10, 2002. Once we accept your tendered shares for payment upon the expiration of our offer,
however, you will no longer be able to withdraw them. In addition, your right to withdraw your previously tendered shares will not apply to any subsequent offering period (which is not the same as an extension of our offer), if one is provided. See
Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) and Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

How do I withdraw my
previously tendered shares? 

To withdraw any shares of Starbase common stock that you previously tendered in
our offer, you (or, if your shares are held in street name, the broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee that holds your shares) must deliver a written notice of withdrawal (or a facsimile copy of one), with the required information, to
the Depositary while you still have the right to withdraw your shares. See Section 1 (Terms of the Offer) and Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Has Starbases board of directors approved your offer? 

Yes.    Our offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 8, 2002, by and among Borland, Starbase and us. Starbases board of directors has, by the unanimous vote of all
directors of Starbase: 



determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including our offer and the merger contemplated by the merger agreement, are
fair to and in the best interests of Starbase and its stockholders; 



approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including our offer and the merger contemplated by the merger agreement; and



declared that the merger agreement is advisable. 

Accordingly, Starbases board of directors unanimously recommends that you accept our offer and tender your shares of Starbase common stock pursuant to our offer and, if required, vote to adopt
the merger agreement. 

The factors considered by Starbases board of directors in making the determinations
and the recommendation described above are described in Starbases Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is being mailed to the stockholders of Starbase
with this Offer to Purchase. 

SG Cowen Securities Corporation, which acted as the financial advisor to
Starbases board of directors, delivered an opinion to Starbases board of directors, dated October 8, 2002, to the effect that, as of such date and subject to the qualifications, assumptions and limitations stated in its written opinion,
the offer price to be paid to stockholders whose shares of Starbase common stock are accepted for payment in our offer and to be paid to stockholders in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of shares of Starbase common
stock. Stockholders of Starbase are urged to, and should, carefully read Starbases Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 and the opinion of SG Cowen Securities Corporation in their entireties. 

Have any stockholders of Starbase already agreed to tender their shares in your offer? 

Yes.    All of Starbases directors and certain of its executive officers have entered into an agreement with Borland and us pursuant to which they
have agreed, in their capacity as stockholders of Starbase, to tender all of their respective shares of Starbase common stock, as well as any additional shares of Starbase common stock that they may acquire (pursuant to Starbase stock options or
otherwise), in our offer. As of October 8, 2002, such directors and executive officers held in the aggregate 81,985 shares of Starbase common stock, which represented approximately 0.94% of all then outstanding shares of Starbase common stock,
including Starbase stock options with an exercise price less than the offer price. 

What are your plans if you successfully complete your offer but do not acquire all of the outstanding
shares of Starbase common stock in your offer? 

If we successfully complete our offer and certain limited
conditions are satisfied, as soon as practicable following the successful completion of our offer, we intend to merge with and into Starbase, provided that Borland may elect to delay consummation of the merger in order to permit Starbase to adopt a
stock option plan for Starbase employees in accordance with applicable law. As a result of that merger, (i) all of the outstanding shares of Starbase common stock that are not tendered in our offer, other than shares that are owned by Borland,
Starbase or us and any shares that are owned by stockholders who have properly and validly exercised appraisal rights under Delaware law in respect of their shares, will be canceled and converted into the right to receive $2.75 in cash and (ii) all
of our issued and outstanding shares of capital stock that are owned by Borland will be converted into a number of shares of Starbase common stock equal to the number of shares of Starbase common stock (excluding any shares of Starbase common stock
then held by Starbase or any wholly owned subsidiary of Starbase or held in Starbases treasury) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the merger, as a result of which Borland will own all of the issued and outstanding
shares of Starbase. 

Our obligation to merge with Starbase following the successful completion of our offer is
conditioned on the requisite adoption of the merger agreement by Starbases stockholders under Delaware law having been obtained and no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the completion of
the merger having been issued by any court of competent jurisdiction and remaining in effect, and there not being any legal requirement enacted or deemed applicable to the merger that makes completion of the merger illegal. If we successfully
complete our offer, we will hold a sufficient number of shares of Starbase common stock to ensure that we will obtain the requisite adoption of the merger agreement by Starbase stockholders under Delaware law to complete the merger. In addition, if
we own at least 90% of the outstanding shares of Starbase common stock after purchasing shares in our offer, we will not be required to obtain stockholder approval to complete the merger. 

If you successfully complete your offer, what will happen to Starbases board of directors? 

If we successfully complete our offer, under the merger agreement we are entitled to designate a number of individuals who will become directors of Starbase and would
comprise a majority of the members of Starbases board of directors. In such case, Starbase has agreed to take all action necessary to ensure that our designees are elected or appointed to its board of directors. Therefore, if we successfully
complete our offer, we will obtain control over the management of Starbase shortly thereafter. However, we have agreed in the merger agreement that we and Starbase will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that at least two of the members
of Starbases board of directors, at all times prior to the completion of the merger, are individuals who were directors of Starbase and were not officers or employees of Starbase or any of its subsidiaries on October 8, 2002, the date of the
merger agreement. After the election or appointment of the directors designated by us to Starbases board of directors and prior to the completion of the merger, under the terms of the merger agreement, the approval of the individuals who were
directors of Starbase and were not officers or employees of Starbase or any of its subsidiaries on October 8, 2002 will be required to (i) amend or terminate the merger agreement on behalf of Starbase, (ii) extend the time for performance of, or
waive compliance with, any of the agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement for the benefit of Starbase, (iii) authorize any required or permitted consent or action by Starbases board of directors under the merger agreement or
(iv) authorize any other action of Starbase under the merger agreement which adversely affects the holders of shares of Starbase common stock (other than Borland or us). See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for Starbase; The Merger Agreement;
The Tender and Voting Agreement) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

If I decide not to tender my shares of Starbase
common stock in your offer, how will your offer affect my shares? 

If we successfully complete our offer, but
you do not tender your shares in our offer, and the merger takes place, your shares will be canceled and converted into the right to receive the same amount of cash that you would have received had you tendered your shares in our offer, subject to
your right to pursue your appraisal

rights under Delaware law. Therefore, if we complete the merger, unless you perfect your appraisal rights under Delaware law, the only difference to you between having your shares accepted for
payment in our offer and not doing so is that you will be paid earlier if you have your shares accepted for payment. 

Until such time, if ever, as we complete the merger, the number of stockholders of Purchaser and the number of shares of Starbase common stock that remain in the hands of the public may be so small that there may no longer be an
active public trading market (or, possibly, any public trading market) for such shares. Also, shares of Starbase common stock may no longer be eligible to be traded on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market or any other securities exchange, and Starbase may
cease making filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise cease being required to comply with the Securities and Exchange Commissions rules relating to publicly held companies. See Section 7 (Effect of the Offer on the
Market for Shares of Starbase Common Stock; Nasdaq Listing of Shares of Starbase Common Stock; Exchange Act Registration of Shares of Starbase Common Stock; Margin Regulations) and Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for Starbase; The Merger
Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreement) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Are appraisal rights available in either
your offer or the merger? 

Appraisal rights are not available in connection with our offer. If you choose not
to tender your shares of Starbase common stock in our offer, however, and we purchase shares of Starbase common stock in our offer, appraisal rights will be available to you in connection with our merger with Starbase. If you choose to exercise your
appraisal rights in connection with the merger, and you comply with the applicable requirements under Delaware law, you will be entitled to payment for your shares based on a fair and independent appraisal of the value of your shares. This value may
be more or less than the $2.75 per share that we are offering to pay you for your shares in the offer. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for Starbase; The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreement) of this Offer to Purchase for
more information. 

What are the United States federal income tax consequences of having my shares of Starbase common stock accepted
for payment in your offer? 

The receipt of cash pursuant to our offer (or the merger) will be a taxable
transaction for United States federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign income or other tax laws. Generally, for United States
federal income tax purposes, a stockholder having his shares of Starbase common stock accepted for payment in our offer or receiving cash in the merger will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received by the
stockholder in our offer (or the merger) and the stockholders aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares tendered by the stockholder and accepted for payment in our offer (or converted into cash in the merger). Gain or loss will be calculated
separately for each block of shares tendered and accepted for payment in the offer (or converted into cash in the merger). See Section 5 (Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences) of this Offer to Purchase for more information.

Stockholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to them
(including the application and effect of any state, local or foreign income and other tax laws) of our offer and the merger. 

What
is the market value of my shares of Starbase common stock? 

On October 8, 2002, the last trading day before
Borland and Starbase announced that they had entered into the merger agreement, the last sale price of shares of Starbase common stock reported on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market was $0.80 per share; therefore, the offer price of $2.75 per share
represents a premium of approximately 244% over the closing price of the Starbase shares before announcement of the merger agreement. On October 10, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the commencement of our offer, the last sale price of
shares of Starbase

common stock reported on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market was $2.68 per share. We advise you to obtain a recent quotation for shares of Starbase common stock when deciding whether to tender your shares
in our offer. See Section 6 (Price Range of Shares of Starbase Common Stock; Dividends on Shares of Starbase Common Stock) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Who can I contact if I have questions about your offer? 

You should contact our Information Agent for our offer at the address and telephone numbers listed below if you have any questions about our offer. 

17 State Street, 10th Floor 

New York, NY 10004 

Banks and Brokers Call: (212) 440-9800 

All Others Call Toll Free: (866) 431-8993 

To:     The Holders of Common Stock of
Starbase Corporation: 

INTRODUCTION 

Galaxy Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(Borland), hereby offers to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Starbase Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Starbase), at a price of $2.75 per share, net to the seller in
cash, without interest thereon (the Offer Price), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, which, together with any
amendments or supplements hereto or thereto, collectively constitute the Offer described in this Offer to Purchase. 

Tendering Starbase stockholders whose shares of Starbase common stock are registered in their own names and who tender their shares directly to Mellon Investor Services LLC, which is acting as the Depositary for the Offer, will not
be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions in connection with the Offer or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer, transfer taxes on the sale of shares in the Offer. A stockholder of Starbase who
holds shares of Starbase common stock through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee should consult with such institution to determine whether it will charge any service fees for tendering such stockholders shares to the
Purchaser in the Offer. 

The Purchaser will pay all fees and expenses of the Depositary and Georgeson Shareholder
Communications Inc., which is acting as the information agent for the Offer (the Information Agent), incurred in connection with the Offer. See Section 15 (Fees and Expenses) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 8, 2002, by and among Borland, the
Purchaser and Starbase (the Merger Agreement) pursuant to which, following the purchase by the Purchaser of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will be merged
with and into Starbase (the Merger), with Starbase surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding share of Starbase common stock (other than shares owned by Borland, the
Purchaser, Starbase or any wholly owned subsidiary of Borland or Starbase, or by stockholders, if any, who are entitled to and properly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price,
without interest thereon. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for Starbase; The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreement) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Starbases board of directors has, at a meeting held on October 8, 2002, by the unanimous vote of all directors of Starbase, (i) determined that the Merger
Agreement, the Offer, the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are advisable and are fair to, and in the best interests of, the stockholders of Starbase; (ii) approved the Offer contemplated in the Merger Agreement and
recommended to the stockholders of Starbase that they accept the Offer and tender their shares of Starbase Common Stock pursuant thereto; (iii) recommended that the stockholders of Starbase vote in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement at any
meeting of stockholders of Starbase that may be called to consider adopting the Merger Agreement; (iv) approved the Merger Agreement; (v) acknowledged and approved the Tender and Voting Agreement; (vi) approved the Loan and Security Agreement (as
defined herein); and (vii) approved the Intellectual Property Security Agreement (as defined herein). Accordingly, Starbases board of directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders of Starbase accept the Offer and tender their
shares of Starbase common stock to the Purchaser in the Offer and, if required, vote to adopt the Merger Agreement. 

The factors considered by Starbases board of directors in making the determinations and the recommendation described above are described in Starbases Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on

Schedule 14D-9 (the Schedule 14D-9), which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is being mailed to the stockholders of Starbase with this Offer to Purchase.

SG Cowen Securities Corporation, which acted as the financial advisor to Starbases board of directors,
delivered an opinion to Starbases board of directors, dated October 8, 2002, to the effect that, as of such date and subject to the qualifications, assumptions and limitations stated in its opinion, the Offer Price to be paid to tendering
stockholders in the Offer and to be paid to holders of Starbase common stock in the Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of shares of Starbase common stock. Stockholders of Starbase are urged to, and should, carefully read
Starbases Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 and the opinion of SG Cowen Securities Corporation in their entirety. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in
Section 1 of this Offer to Purchase) of the Offer (excluding shares tendered by notice of guaranteed delivery that have not been delivered to the Depositary by the Expiration Date) that number of shares of Starbase common stock that, together with
the shares of Starbase common stock then solely beneficially owned by the Purchaser and Borland (if any), represent a majority of the number of shares constituting the sum of all then outstanding shares of Starbase common stock, plus all shares of
Starbase common stock issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options with a per share exercise price that is equal to or less than the Offer Price (which number of shares is referred to herein as Starbases Adjusted
Outstanding Shares and which condition is referred to herein as the Minimum Condition). The Offer is also subject to other conditions described in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase.

All of Starbases directors and certain of its executive officers have entered into an agreement with
Borland and the Purchaser pursuant to which they have agreed, in their capacity as stockholders of Starbase, to tender all of their shares of Starbase common stock, as well as any additional shares of Starbase common stock that they may acquire
(pursuant to Starbase stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. As of October 8, 2002, such directors and executive officers held in the aggregate 81,985 shares of Starbase common stock, which represented approximately 0.94% of
Starbases Adjusted Outstanding Shares as of such date. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for Starbase; The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreement) of this Offer to Purchase. 

Completion of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions, including (i) the purchase of shares of Starbase common
stock by the Purchaser in the Offer and (ii) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Starbase common stock, if required by applicable law. If the Offer is successfully
completed, the Purchaser will haved sufficient voting power to adopt the Merger Agreement without the vote of any other holder of Starbase common stock. In addition, if the Purchaser owns 90% or more of the outstanding shares of Starbase common
stock after purchasing shares in the Offer, under applicable law, the Purchaser and Borland will be able to complete the Merger without obtaining the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the remaining holders of Starbase common stock who have not
tendered their shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer. In such event, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Borland, the Purchaser and Starbase have agreed to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become effective
as soon as practicable after the successful completion of the Offer, provided that Borland may, in its sole discretion, elect to delay the consummation of the Merger to permit Borland to cause Starbase to adopt a stock option plan for grants of
stock options to Starbase employees to be approved by Starbases stockholders in accordance with all legal requirements, as contemplated by the Merger Agreement. See Section 12 (Purpose of the Offer; Plans for Starbase; The Merger Agreement;
The Tender and Voting Agreement) of this Offer to Purchase for more information. 

Starbase has informed the
Purchaser that, as of October 8, 2002, there were: (i) 8,736,690 shares of Starbase common stock issued and outstanding; (ii) 14,200 shares of Starbase common stock subject to outstanding options with exercise prices per share equal to or less than
the Offer Price; (iii) 2,008,699 shares of Starbase

common stock subject to outstanding options with exercise prices per share greater than the Offer Price; and (iv) 383,691 shares of Starbase common stock subject to outstanding warrants to
purchase shares of Starbase common stock from Starbase, all of which warrants have exercise prices greater than the Offer Price. Based upon the foregoing and assuming the exercise of all 14,200 outstanding options to purchase shares of Starbase
common stock with exercise prices per share equal to or less than the Offer Price, the Minimum Condition will be satisfied if at least 4,374,446 shares of Starbase common stock are validly tendered (including shares tendered pursuant to the Tender
and Voting Agreement) and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer. The actual number of shares of Starbase common stock that are required to be tendered to satisfy the Minimum Condition will depend upon the actual number of Adjusted
Outstanding Shares prior to the Expiration Date. 

Certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the sale of
shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer and the conversion of shares of Starbase common stock into cash pursuant to the Merger are described in Section 5 (Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences) of this Offer to Purchase.

If, between the date of the Merger Agreement and the date on which any particular share of Starbase common stock
is accepted for payment in the Offer, the outstanding shares of Starbase common stock are changed into a different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split,
consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction, then the Offer Price will be appropriately adjusted to reflect such change or transaction. 

This Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer contain important information about the Offer and should be read carefully and in their entirety
before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. 

THE TENDER OFFER 

1.    Terms of the Offer 

Upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of such extension or amendment), the Purchaser will accept for
payment and pay for all shares of Starbase common stock that are validly tendered on or prior to the Expiration Date and not theretofore withdrawn in accordance with the procedures for withdrawal described in Section 3 (Withdrawal Rights) of this
Offer to Purchase. The term Expiration Date as used in this Offer to Purchase means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, November 8, 2002, unless and until the Purchaser extends the period of time during which the Offer is open
in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, in which event the term Expiration Date as used in this Offer to Purchase will mean the latest time and date on which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire. 

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser is obligated to extend the Offer, by giving oral or written notice of
such extension to the Depositary, for 15 business days if all of the conditions to the Offer, other than the Minimum Condition and conditions relating to any foreign antitrust approvals and required consents, have been satisfied by 12:00 midnight,
New York City time, on Friday, November 8, 2002, the initial expiration date of the Offer, provided that such 15-business day extension may be for a single 15-business day period or for two or more shorter periods as the Purchaser shall determine,
and, if the Minimum Condition is satisfied at the end of any such period, the Purchaser will not be required to further extend the Offer. 

Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser expressly reserves the right (but is not obligated under the terms of the Merger Agreement or for any other reason) to increase the Offer Price, extend the Offer or
to make any other changes in the terms and conditions of the Offer, at any time and from time to time, by giving oral or written notice of such increase or other change to the Depositary, except that, unless otherwise provided by the Merger
Agreement or previously approved by Starbase in writing, the Purchaser may

not make any change to the terms and conditions of the Offer in any manner adverse to the holders of Starbase common Stock or that (i) amends or waives the Minimum Condition, (ii) changes the
form of consideration to be paid, decreases the price per share of Starbase common stock below the Offer Price or the number of shares of Starbase common stock sought in the Offer or (iii) imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to the Minimum
Condition and the other conditions set forth in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer). 

If by 12:00
midnight, New York City time, on Friday, November 8, 2002 (or by any other time and date then scheduled as the Expiration Date), any or all of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied or waived, subject to the terms of the Merger
Agreement and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Purchaser may (i) subject to the qualification described in the immediately preceding paragraph of this Offer to Purchase with respect to the Minimum
Condition, waive all of the conditions to the Offer that remain unsatisfied and accept for payment and pay for all shares of Starbase common stock that have been validly tendered and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, (ii) extend
the Offer and, subject to the right of holders of shares of Starbase common stock previously tendered to withdraw such tendered shares at any time prior to the Expiration Date, retain all of the shares that have been previously tendered and not
properly withdrawn during the period or periods for which the Offer is extended, (iii) subject to the qualifications described in the immediately preceding paragraph of this Offer to Purchase, amend the Offer or (iv) terminate the Offer in
accordance with the Merger Agreement, not accept for payment or pay for any shares of Starbase common stock and return all previously tendered shares to the owners of such shares. 

The rights reserved by the Purchaser by the two preceding paragraphs are in addition to its rights pursuant to Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to
Purchase. Any extension of the Offer, waiver of conditions to the Offer, amendment to the Offer or termination will be followed as promptly as practicable by a public announcement thereof. An announcement in the case of an extension will be made no
later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date. Without limiting the manner in which the Purchaser may choose to make any public announcement, subject to applicable law (including
Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), which require that material changes be promptly disseminated to holders of shares of Starbase common stock), the Purchaser will
have no obligation to publish, advertise or otherwise communicate any such public announcement other than by issuing a release to the PR Newswire and/or Dow Jones news services. The phrase business day as used in this paragraph has the
meaning set forth in Rule 14d-1 under the Exchange Act. 

Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the
Offer Price for tendered shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer, regardless of any extension of, or amendment to, the Offer or any delay in paying for such shares. 

In the event that the Purchaser makes a material change in the terms of the Offer or the information concerning the Offer, or waives a material condition to the Offer,
the Purchaser will disseminate additional tender offer materials and extend the Offer to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act. The minimum period during which an Offer must remain open following a material
change in the terms of such Offer or information concerning such Offer, other than a change in price or a change in the percentage of securities sought, will depend upon the facts and circumstances then existing, including the relative materiality
of the changed terms or information. With respect to a change in price or a change in the percentage of securities sought, a minimum period of ten business days is generally required under the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission to allow for adequate dissemination to stockholders. 

Under Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act
and subject to the conditions described in the following paragraphs of this Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser may elect to provide for a subsequent offering period, immediately following the Expiration Date, of not less than three business days nor
more than 20 business days in length. If provided, a subsequent offering period would be an additional period of time, following the Expiration Date and the acceptance for payment of, and the payment for, any shares of Starbase common stock that are
validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, during which holders of shares of

Starbase common stock that were not previously tendered in the Offer may tender such shares to the Purchaser in exchange for the Offer Price on the same terms that applied to the Offer. A
subsequent offering period is not the same as an extension of the Offer, which will have been previously completed if a subsequent offering period is provided. The Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, any shares of Starbase common stock
that are validly tendered to the Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if provided, as promptly as practicable after any such shares are validly tendered to the Purchaser during such subsequent offering period, for the same price paid to
holders of shares of Starbase common stock that were validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, net to the holders thereof in cash. Holders of shares of Starbase common stock that are validly tendered to
the Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if provided, will not have the right to withdraw such tendered shares. 

Under Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act, the Purchaser may provide for a subsequent offering period so long as, among other things, (i) the initial 20-business day period of the Offer has expired, (ii) the Purchaser offers the same
form and amount of consideration for shares of Starbase common stock in the subsequent offering period that was offered in the Offer, (iii) the Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for all shares of Starbase common stock that are validly
tendered to the Purchaser and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, (iv) the Purchaser announces the results of the Offer, including the approximate number and percentage of shares of Starbase common stock that were validly tendered
in the Offer, no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the Expiration Date and immediately begins the subsequent offering period and (v) the Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for shares of Starbase
common stock as they are tendered during the subsequent offering period. 

The Purchaser does not currently
intend to provide for a subsequent offering period following the expiration of the Offer, although it reserves the right to do so in its sole discretion. 

Starbase has provided the Purchaser with a list and security position listings of Starbases stockholders for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of shares of Starbase common stock.
This Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase and other materials related to the Offer will be mailed to record holders of shares of Starbase common stock, and will be furnished to brokers, dealers, banks,
trust companies and other nominees whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the list of Starbases stockholders, or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agencys security position listing, for
subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of shares of Starbase common stock. 

2.    Procedures for Tendering
Shares of Starbase Common Stock in the Offer 

Valid Tender 

For a stockholder to validly tender shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer: 



the certificate(s) representing the tendered shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed,
together with any required signature guarantees (as described below under the caption Signature Guarantees) and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this
Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date; 



in the case of a tender effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described below under the caption Book-Entry Transfer, (i) either
the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees (as described below under the caption Signature Guarantees), or an Agents Message (as described below under the
caption Book-Entry Transfer), and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date and (ii) the shares to be tendered
must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described below under the caption Book-Entry Transfer and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as described below under the caption Book-Entry Transfer) must be received
by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date; or 



the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described below under the caption Guaranteed Delivery prior to the
Expiration Date. 

The valid tender of shares of Starbase common stock in accordance with one of
the procedures described above will constitute a binding agreement between the tendering stockholder and the Purchaser upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer. 

The method of delivery of shares of Starbase common stock to be tendered in the Offer, the Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery
through the Book-Entry Transfer Facility described below, is at the election and risk of the tendering stockholder. Shares of Starbase common stock to be tendered in the Offer will be deemed delivered only when actually received by the Depositary
(including, in the case of a book-entry transfer, by Book-Entry Confirmation as described below). 
If delivery of shares is made by mail, registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient
time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

Book-Entry Transfer 

The Depositary will establish an account with respect to the shares of Starbase common stock at The Depository Trust Company (the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility) for purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any financial institution that is a participant of the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys system may effect a
book-entry delivery of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer by causing the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such shares into the Depositarys account in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedures for such
transfer. The confirmation of a book-entry transfer of shares into the Depositarys account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as described above is sometimes referred to in this Offer to Purchase as a Book-Entry Confirmation. The
term Agents Message as used in this Offer to Purchase means a message, transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry Confirmation, which states that (i) the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the shares of Starbase common stock that such participant has received the Letter of Transmittal, (ii) the
participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and (iii) the Purchaser may enforce such agreement against such participant. 

Although delivery of shares of Starbase common stock may be effected through book-entry transfer into the Depositarys account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, the Letter of Transmittal
enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees (as described below under the caption Signature Guarantees), or an Agents
Message, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date to effect a valid tender of shares by book-entry. 
Delivery of
documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedures does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

Signature Guarantees 

No signature guarantee is required on the Letter of Transmittal that is being returned with shares of Starbase common stock being tendered in the Offer if (i) the Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
shares of Starbase common stock tendered with such Letter of Transmittal, unless such registered holder(s) has completed either the box labeled Special Payment Instructions or the box labeled Special Delivery Instructions on
such Letter of Transmittal or (ii) shares of Starbase common stock are tendered for the account of a financial institution (including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer
Agents Medallion Program, Nasdaq Stock Market Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program or by any other eligible guarantor institution, as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act (which
we sometimes refer to as Eligible

Institutions in this Offer to Purchase). For purposes of the foregoing, a registered holder of shares of Starbase common stock includes any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer
Facilitys system whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner of such shares. In all other cases, all signatures on the Letter of Transmittal that is being returned with shares of Starbase common stock being tendered in the
Offer must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase for more information. If certificates representing shares of Starbase common stock being tendered in the
Offer are registered in the name of a person other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal that is being returned with such shares, or if payment is to be made or certificates representing shares of Starbase common stock not being tendered or
not accepted for payment are to be returned to a person other than the registered holder of the certificates surrendered, the tendered certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the
name or names of the registered holders or owners appear on such certificates, with the signatures on such certificates or stock powers guaranteed as aforesaid. See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to
Purchase for more information. 

Guaranteed Delivery 

If a stockholder desires to tender shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer and such stockholders certificates representing such
shares are not immediately available, or the book-entry transfer procedures described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis, or time will not permit all required documents to reach the
Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, such stockholder may tender such shares of Starbase common stock if all the following conditions are met: 



such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution (as described above under the caption Signature Guarantees); 



a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form enclosed with this Offer to Purchase, is received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date; and 



either (i) the certificates representing tendered shares of Starbase common stock being tendered in the Offer, together with the Letter of Transmittal enclosed
with this Offer to Purchase (or facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described above under the caption Signature Guarantees), and any other required documents, are
received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase within three trading days (as described below) after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or (ii) in the case of a
book-entry transfer effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer, (1) either the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or facsimile copy of it),
properly completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described above under the caption Signature Guarantees), or an Agents Message (as described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer),
and any other required documents, is received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase, and (2) such shares are delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described above under the
caption Book-Entry Transfer and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer) is received by the Depositary, in each case within three trading days after the date of execution of such
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. For purposes of the foregoing, a trading day is any day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market is open for business. 

The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery described above may be delivered by hand or transmitted by telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary, and must include a guarantee by an Eligible
Institution (as described above under the caption Signature Guarantees) in the form set forth in such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. 
If delivery is by mail, registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured, is
recommended. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

The method of delivery of share certificates, the Letter of Transmittal and
all other required documents is at the option and risk of the tendering stockholder, and delivery will be made only when actually received by the Depositary.

Other Requirements 

Notwithstanding any provision
hereof, in all cases payment for shares of Starbase common stock that are accepted for payment in the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of the following: 



certificates for such shares, or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation (as described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer) with respect to such
shares; 



the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature
guarantees (as described above under the caption Signature Guarantees), or in the case of a Book-Entry Transfer, an Agents Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal (as described above under the caption Book-Entry
Transfer); and 



any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. 

Accordingly, tendering stockholders may be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for shares of Starbase common stock being tendered in the Offer or
Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to shares of Starbase common stock being tendered in the Offer are actually received by the Depositary. 

Under no circumstances will interest be paid by the Purchaser on the Offer Price payable in respect of shares of Starbase common stock being tendered in the Offer, regardless of any extension of the
Offer or any delay in making such payment. 

Appointment 

By executing and returning the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), or in the case of a
book-entry transfer, by delivery of an Agents Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal (as described above under the caption Book-Entry Transfer), a stockholder tendering shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer will be
irrevocably appointing designees of the Purchaser as such stockholders attorneys-in-fact and proxies in the manner described in the Letter of Transmittal, each with full power of substitution, to the full extent of such stockholders
rights with respect to the shares of Starbase common stock being tendered by such stockholder and accepted for payment by the Purchaser and with respect to any and all other shares of Starbase common stock or other securities or rights issued or
issuable in respect of such shares on or after the date of this Offer to Purchase. All such proxies will be considered coupled with an interest in the shares of Starbase common stock being tendered. Such appointment will be effective if, when, and
only to the extent that, the Purchaser accepts for payment the shares of Starbase common stock being tendered by such stockholder as provided in this Offer to Purchase. Upon the effectiveness of such appointment, all prior powers of attorney,
proxies and consents given by such stockholder with respect to such shares of Starbase common stock or other securities or rights will, without further action, be revoked and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be
given (and, if given, will not be effective). The designees of the Purchaser will thereby be empowered to exercise all voting and other rights with respect to such shares of Starbase common stock and other securities or rights in respect of any
annual, special or adjourned meeting of Starbases stockholders, actions by written consent in lieu of any such meeting or otherwise, as they in their sole discretion deem proper. The Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for
shares of Starbase common stock to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchasers acceptance for payment of such shares, the Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights with respect to such shares and
other securities or rights, including voting at any meeting of stockholders. 

Determination of Validity

All questions as to the validity, form, eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance of any
tender of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer will be determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion, which

determination will be final and binding. The Purchaser reserves the absolute right to reject any or all tenders of shares of Starbase common stock determined by it not to be in proper form or the
acceptance for payment of or payment for which may, in the opinion of the Purchaser, be unlawful. The Purchaser also reserves the absolute right to waive any defect or irregularity in the tender of any shares of Starbase common stock of any
particular stockholder, whether or not similar defects or irregularities are waived in the case of other stockholders. No tender of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects or
irregularities relating thereto have been cured or waived. None of the Purchaser, Borland, Starbase, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or
incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. The Purchasers interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and the instructions thereto and any other documents related to the
Offer) will be final and binding. 

Backup Withholding 

In order to avoid backup withholding of United States federal income tax on payments of cash in connection with the Offer, a stockholder
whose shares of Starbase common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer who is a U.S. citizen or a U.S. resident alien must, unless an exemption applies, provide the Depositary with such stockholders correct taxpayer identification number
on a Substitute Form W-9 and certify under penalty of perjury that such taxpayer identification number is correct and that such stockholder is not subject to backup withholding. If a stockholder does not provide such stockholders correct
taxpayer identification number or fails to provide the certifications described above, the United States Internal Revenue Service may impose a penalty on such stockholder and the payment of cash to such stockholder in connection with the Offer may
be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 30%. All stockholders tendering shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer should complete and sign the main signature form and the Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the Letter of Transmittal
enclosed with this Offer to Purchase to provide the information and certification necessary to avoid backup withholding (unless an applicable exemption exists and is proved in a manner satisfactory to the Purchaser and the Depositary). Certain
stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding. Stockholders who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. resident aliens should complete, sign and return to the
Depositary the main signature form and a Form W-8BEN, Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding, copies of which may be obtained by contacting the Depositary, to provide the information and certification
necessary to avoid backup withholding. See Instruction 9 to the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase. 

3.    Withdrawal Rights 

Except as otherwise provided in this Section
3, tenders of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer are irrevocable. Shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures described below at any time prior to the Expiration Date (as it
may be extended), and shares that are tendered may also be withdrawn at any time after December 10, 2002 unless accepted for payment on or before that date as provided in this Offer to Purchase. In the event that the Purchaser provides for a
subsequent offering period following the successful completion of the Offer, (i) no withdrawal rights will apply to shares tendered during such subsequent offering period and (ii) no withdrawal rights will apply to shares that were previously
tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. 

For a withdrawal of shares of Starbase common stock previously
tendered in the Offer to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase, specifying the name of the person
having tendered the shares to be withdrawn, the number of shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the shares to be withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who tendered the shares. If certificates for shares have
been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such shares have been tendered by an
Eligible Institution, any and all signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be

guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If shares have been tendered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in Section 2 of this Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must
also specify the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn shares and otherwise comply with the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedures. 

All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser in
its sole discretion, which determination will be final and binding. None of the Purchaser, Borland, Starbase, the Depositary for the Offer, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or
irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. 

Withdrawals of shares of Starbase common stock may not be rescinded. Any shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not have been validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn shares may be re-tendered at
any time prior to the Expiration Date by following one of the procedures described in Section 2 hereof. 

4.    Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares of Starbase Common Stock 

On the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or amendment), promptly after the Expiration Date, the Purchaser will accept
for payment, and will pay for, all shares of Starbase common stock validly tendered to the Purchaser in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser expressly reserves
the right, in its sole discretion, to delay acceptance for payment of or the payment for shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer in order to comply in whole or in part with any applicable law. Any such delays will be effected
in compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to a bidders obligation to pay for or return tendered securities promptly after the termination or withdrawal of such bidders offer). 

In all cases, payment for shares of Starbase common stock that are accepted for payment in the Offer will be made only after timely
receipt by the Depositary of: 



the certificates representing such shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly
completed and duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Starbase Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase under the caption Signature Guarantees); or



in the case of a transfer effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures as described in Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Starbase Common
Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase under the caption Book-Entry Transfer a Book-Entry Confirmation and either the Letter of Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and
duly executed, and any required signature guarantees (as described in Section 2 of this Offer to Purchase under the caption Signature Guarantees) or an Agents Message, and any other required documents. 

Accordingly, stockholders tendering shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer may be paid at different
times depending upon when certificates for shares or Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to shares are actually received by the Depositary. 

The per share consideration paid to any stockholder in the Offer will be the highest per share consideration paid to any other stockholder in the Offer. 

For purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, shares of Starbase common
stock that are validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date as, if and when the Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of the

Purchasers acceptance for payment of such shares. On the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, payment for shares of Starbase common stock that are accepted for payment in
the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as an agent for stockholders tendering shares in the Offer for the purpose of receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting payment to such
stockholders whose shares of Starbase common stock have been accepted for payment in the Offer. 

Under no
circumstances will interest be paid on the Offer Price for shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer, regardless of any extension of, or amendment to, the Offer or any delay in paying for such shares. 

If the Purchaser is delayed in its acceptance for payment of, or payment for, shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered
in the Offer, or is unable to accept for payment, or pay for, shares that are tendered in the Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to the Purchasers rights under the Offer (but subject to compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under the
Exchange Act (relating to a bidders obligation to pay for or return tendered securities promptly after the termination or withdrawal of such bidders offer) and the terms of the Merger Agreement), the Depositary may, nevertheless, on
behalf of the Purchaser, retain shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer, and such shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent that stockholders tendering such shares are entitled to do so as described in Section 3
(Withdrawal Rights) of this Offer to Purchase. 

If any shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the
Offer are not accepted for payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Offer for any reason, the certificates for such shares will be returned (and, if certificates are submitted for more shares than are tendered, new certificates for the
shares not tendered will be sent) in each case without expense to the stockholder tendering such shares (or, in the case of shares delivered by book-entry transfer of such shares into the Depositarys account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures, such shares will be credited to an account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility), as promptly as practicable after the expiration or termination of the Offer. 

5.    Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences 

The receipt of cash in the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (which we sometimes refer to as the IRC in this Offer to Purchase), and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign income or other tax laws. Generally, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S.
stockholder whose shares of Starbase common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received by the stockholder in the Offer or the Merger and the stockholders
aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares tendered by the stockholder and accepted for payment in the Offer or converted into cash in the Merger, as the case may be. Gain or loss will be calculated separately for each block of shares tendered and
accepted for payment in the offer or converted into cash in the merger, as the case may be. 

If shares of Starbase
common stock that are tendered in the Offer are held by a tendering U.S. stockholder as capital assets, gain or loss recognized by such stockholder will be capital gain or loss, which will be long-term capital gain or loss if such stockholders
holding period for such shares exceeds one year. In the case of a tendering non-corporate stockholder, long-term capital gains will be eligible for a maximum United States federal income tax rate of 20%. In addition, there are limits on the
deductibility of capital losses. 

A stockholder (other than certain exempt stockholders including, among others,
all corporations and certain foreign individuals) that tenders shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer may be subject to 30% backup withholding unless such stockholder provides such stockholders taxpayer identification number and
certifies under penalty of perjury that such taxpayer identification number is correct (or properly certifies that it is awaiting a taxpayer identification number) and certifies as to no loss of exemption from backup withholding and otherwise
complies with the applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. A stockholder whose

shares of Starbase common stock are accepted for payment in the Offer which does not furnish a required taxpayer identification number or which does not otherwise establish a basis for an
exemption from backup withholding may be subject to a penalty imposed by the United States Internal Revenue Service. See Section 2 (Procedures for Tendering Shares of Starbase Common Stock in the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase under the caption
Backup Withholding. Each stockholder that is tendering shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien should complete and sign the Substitute Form W-9 included as part of the Letter of
Transmittal enclosed with this Offer to Purchase to provide the information and certification necessary to avoid backup withholding. Stockholders who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. resident aliens should complete, sign and return to the Depositary a
Form W-8BEN, Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding, copies of which may be obtained by contacting the Depositary, in order to avoid backup withholding. 

If backup withholding applies to a stockholder that is tendering shares of Starbase common stock in the Merger, the Depositary is required
to withhold 30% of any amounts that would otherwise be paid to such stockholder in connection with the Offer. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of the backup withholding can be credited against the U.S. federal income
tax liability of the person subject to the backup withholding, provided that the required information is given to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. If backup withholding results in an overpayment of tax, the stockholder subject to such backup
withholding can obtain a refund by filing a U.S. federal income tax return. 

The foregoing description is based on
the IRC, regulations issued thereunder, judicial decisions and administrative rulings, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The foregoing description may not be applicable with respect to shares of Starbase common
stock that are received pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation or with respect to holders of shares of Starbase common stock who are subject to special tax treatment under the IRCsuch as non-U.S.
persons, insurance companies, dealers or brokers in securities or currencies, tax-exempt organizations and financial institutionsand may not apply to a holder of shares of Starbase common stock in light of individual circumstances, such as
holding shares of Starbase common stock as a hedge or as part of a hedging, straddle, conversion, synthetic security, integrated investment or other risk-reduction transaction. 

Stockholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to them (including the application and effect of any state, local
or foreign income and other tax laws) of the Offer and the Merger. 

6.    Price Range of Shares of Starbase Common Stock; Dividends on Shares of
Starbase Common Stock 

Shares of Starbase common stock are listed on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market under the
symbol SBAS, and have been listed on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market at all times since May 28, 2002. Prior to such date, at all times relevant to the table below, shares of Starbase common stock were listed on the Nasdaq National Market. The
following table sets forth, for each of the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices per share of Starbase common stock on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market or the Nasdaq National Market, as applicable. All prices have been adjusted to
reflect the one-for-ten reverse stock split that was effected prior to the opening of trading of Starbase common stock on July 31, 2002. 

    High    

    Low    

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2001:

First Quarter

$108.70

$21.80

Second Quarter

116.20

45.90

Third Quarter

61.20

19.30

Fourth Quarter

46.20

19.70

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2002:

First Quarter

36.50

15.90

Second Quarter

35.90

5.50

Third Quarter

7.80

4.50

Fourth Quarter

7.50

2.70

Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2003:

First Quarter

4.90

2.00

Second Quarter

2.20

0.59

Third Quarter (through October 10, 2002)

2.69

0.76

On October 8, 2002, the last trading day before Borland and
Starbase announced that they had entered into the Merger Agreement, the last sale price of shares of Starbase common stock reported on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market was $0.80 per share; therefore, the Offer Price of $2.75 per share represents a premium
of approximately 244% over the last closing price of the Starbase shares before announcement of the Merger Agreement. On October 10, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the commencement of the Offer, the last sale price of shares of Starbase
common stock reported on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market was $2.68 per share. 
Stockholders are urged to obtain current market quotations for shares of Starbase common stock before making a decision with respect to the Offer. 

Starbase has not declared nor paid any cash dividends since its initial public offering. In addition, under the terms of the
Merger Agreement, Starbase is not permitted to declare or pay dividends in respect of shares of its common stock. 

7.

Effect of the Offer on the Market for Shares of Starbase Common Stock; Nasdaq Listing of Shares of Starbase Common Stock; Exchange Act Registration of Shares
of Starbase Common Stock; Margin Regulations

Effect of the Offer on the Market for
Shares of Starbase Common Stock 

The purchase of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer will reduce
the number of holders of shares of Starbase common stock and the number of shares of Starbase common stock that might otherwise trade publicly and could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining shares of Starbase common stock
held by the public. 

Nasdaq Listing of Shares of Starbase Common Stock 

Borland intends to cause all shares of Starbase common stock to be delisted from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market promptly upon
completion of the Merger. 

Even if the Merger is not completed, if shares of Starbase common stock are accepted
for payment in the Offer, Starbase may no longer meet the requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, depending upon the number of shares accepted for payment in the Offer. According to Nasdaqs published guidelines,
Nasdaq would consider disqualifying shares of Starbase common stock for listing on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market if, among other possible grounds, the number of publicly held shares of Starbase common stock falls below 500,000, the total number of
beneficial holders of round lots of shares of Starbase common stock falls below 300, or the market value of publicly held shares of Starbase common stock over a 30-consecutive business day period is less than $1,000,000. Shares of Starbase common
stock that are held by directors or officers of Starbase, or by any beneficial owner of more than 10% of the shares of Starbase common stock, are not considered to be publicly held for this purpose. According to Starbase, as of October 8, 2002,
there were 8,736,690 shares of its common stock outstanding. If, as a result of the purchase of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer or otherwise, the shares of Starbase common stock no longer meet the requirements of Nasdaq for continued
listing and such shares are either no longer eligible for the Nasdaq Small Cap Market or are delisted from Nasdaq altogether, the market for shares of Starbase common stock will be adversely affected. 

If Nasdaq were to delist shares of Starbase common stock, it is possible that such shares would continue to trade on other securities
exchanges or in the over-the-counter market and that price quotations would be reported by such exchanges. Under such circumstances, however, the extent of the public market for shares of Starbase common stock and the availability of such quotations
would depend upon the number of holders of such shares remaining at such time, the level of interest in maintaining a market in such shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination of registration of such shares under the Exchange
Act (as described below) and other factors. 

As described in Starbases Schedule 14D-9, in February 2002,
Starbase received a notice from Nasdaq of failure to comply with the $1.00 minimum bid price per share. Starbase has until February 2003 to regain compliance or be delisted. If the Starbase common stock were to be delisted and its market price were
to remain below $1.00, it may be deemed a penny stock, subjecting the Starbase shares to additional sales practices of broker-dealers who sell Starbase common stock. As a result, some brokers may not effect Starbase transactions, which could have an
adverse effect on the liquidity of the Starbase shares. 

Exchange Act Registration of Shares of Starbase
Common Stock 

Starbase common stock is currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such registration may
be terminated upon application of Starbase to the Securities and Exchange Commission if shares of Starbase common stock are neither listed on a national securities exchange nor held by 300 or more holders of record. Termination of registration of
shares of Starbase common stock under the Exchange Act would reduce the information required to be furnished by Starbase to its stockholders and to the Securities and Exchange Commission and would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act no
longer applicable to Starbase, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the requirement of furnishing a proxy or information statement pursuant to sections 14(a) and 14(c) of the Exchange Act in
connection with meetings of Starbases stockholders and the related requirement of furnishing an annual report to Starbases stockholders, and the requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with respect to going private
transactions. Furthermore, the ability of affiliates of Starbase and persons holding restricted securities of Starbase to dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 or 144A promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be
impaired or eliminated if Starbase common stock is no longer registered under the Exchange Act. The Purchaser intends to seek to cause Starbase to apply for termination of registration of Starbase common stock under the Exchange Act as soon after
the successful completion of the Offer as the requirements for such termination are met. 

Margin Regulations 

Shares of Starbase common stock are currently margin securities under the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (which we sometimes refer to as the Federal Reserve Board in this Offer to Purchase), which has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of shares of Starbase common stock. Depending
upon factors similar to those described above regarding listing and market quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer, shares of Starbase common stock would no longer constitute margin securities for the purposes of the margin regulations
of the Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral for loans made by brokers. 

8.    Certain Information Concerning Starbase 

General

Starbase is a Delaware corporation with its principal offices located at 4 Hutton Centre Drive, Suite
800, Santa Ana, CA 92707. Starbases telephone number at that address is (714) 445-4400. 

Starbase was
incorporated in Delaware on July 21, 1992. Starbase provides software management tools and professional consulting services to assist its customers in managing their software development projects from beginning to end (application lifecycle
management) and to allow them to develop their software solutions and applications in a more efficient manner. Starbases tools enable geographically dispersed software developers to work as a team over corporate intranets and the Internet.
Starbases flagship product, StarTeam, focuses primarily on supporting joint development efforts regardless of the developers location. Starbases Caliber products provide requirements management capabilities that help customers
define their software project and meet end-user needs. Starbases CodeWright product helps its customers developers edit their software code with ease. Starbase also provides or resells other products to assist its customers with their
software projects. Starbases customers include management information systems executives, software developers, sales and marketing personnel, graphic designers and Webmasters. 

Certain Starbase Projections 

Prior to entering into the Merger Agreement, Borland conducted a due diligence review of Starbase, and in connection with that review, Borland received from Starbase certain projections of Starbases future operating
performance. To the knowledge of the Purchaser and Borland, Starbase does not, as a matter of course, make public forecasts regarding its future operating performance. 

The projections that Borland received from Starbase included, among other things, the following forecasts of Starbases revenues, gross margin, operating margin and
net income for each of the last three quarters of Starbases fiscal year 2003 and each of the quarters of Starbases fiscal year 2004, respectively, which forecasts were prepared on or about September 11, 2002. According to Starbase, these
projections assumed that Starbase would enter into either (i) a financing transaction providing at least $5 million in capital to Starbase or (ii) a strategic transaction with a company with a strong balance sheet, such that Starbases
customers could be confident in Starbases ability to continue as a going concern for an extended period of time. Except for the foregoing, these projections assumed that Starbase would continue to operate its business as it currently does.

Starbase Corporation 

Selected Forecast Income Statement Items 

Fiscal Quarters 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ending March 31,

Q2

Q3

Q4

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

Revenue

$

9,133

$

10,200

$

11,000

$

11,000

$

12,000

$

12,500

$

13,000

Gross Margin

6,593

7,766

8,523

8,497

9,395

9,812

10,228

Operating Margin

(3,002

)

(2,216

)

(1,717

)

(1,604

)

(1,225

)

(859

)

(722

)

Net Income/(Loss)

(3,042

)

(2,236

)

(1,737

)

(1,624

)

(1,245

)

(879

)

(742

)

Actual results may vary materially from these projections. This information has
been provided for the limited purpose of giving Starbase stockholders access to certain projections provided by Starbase to Borland in connection with Borlands due diligence review of Starbase. 

Borland has been advised by Starbase that Starbase did not prepare the projections described above with a view to public disclosure or
compliance with published guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding projections or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants regarding the preparation and presentation of financial
projections or forecasts. In addition, Starbases independent accountants did not examine or compile any of the projections described above, or express any conclusion or provide any assurance with respect to such projections. 

The projections described above constitute forward-looking statements and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results reflected in such projections, including, without limitation, those described in Starbases most recently filed Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. At the time of receipt, Borland
was advised by Starbase that the projections described above were subjective in many respects and thus susceptible to interpretations and periodic revision based on actual experience and business developments. The projections described above also
reflect numerous assumptions (not all of which were provided to Borland), all of which were made by Starbases management, with respect to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions, competition and other
matters that are inherently subject to significant uncertainties, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Starbases control. Neither the Purchaser nor Borland approved the assumptions or the methodology used to
produce the projections. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the assumptions made in preparing the projections described above will prove reasonable or accurate, and actual results may be materially lower than those contained in such
projections. 

The inclusion of the projections described above in this Offer to Purchase should not be
regarded as an indication that any of the Purchaser, Borland, Starbase or their respective affiliates or representatives considered in the past or currently consider such projections to be a reliable prediction of future events, and such projections
should not be relied upon as such. None of the Purchaser, Borland, Starbase or any of their respective affiliates or representatives has made or makes any representation to any person regarding the information contained in the projections described
above, and none of them intends to update or otherwise revise such projections to reflect circumstances existing after the date that Starbase prepared such projections or to reflect the occurrence of future events even in the event that any or all
of the assumptions underlying such projections are shown to be in error. 

Available Information

Starbase is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith,
is required to file reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to its business, financial condition and other matters. Certain information as of particular dates concerning Starbases directors and
executive officers, their remuneration, stock options and other matters, the principal holders of Starbases securities and any material interest of such persons in transactions with Starbase is required to be disclosed in Starbases proxy
statements distributed to Starbases stockholders and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such reports, proxy statements and other information is available for inspection at the public reference facilities of the Securities and
Exchange Commission at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such information is obtainable, by mail, upon payment of the Securities and Exchange Commissions customary charges, by writing to the Securities and Exchange
Commissions principal office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site on the Internet at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and
other information regarding registrants that are filed electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Except as otherwise stated in this Offer to Purchase, the information concerning Starbase contained in this Offer to Purchase has been taken from or based upon publicly available documents on file with the Securities and

Exchange Commission and other publicly available information. Although the Purchaser and Borland do not have any knowledge that any such information is untrue, neither the Purchaser nor Borland
takes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information or for any failure by Starbase to disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the significance or accuracy of any such information. 

9.    Certain Information Concerning the Purchaser and Borland 

The Purchaser is a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland. The Purchaser was organized by Borland to acquire Starbase and has not conducted any
unrelated activities since its organization. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Purchaser are owned by Borland. The principal office of the Purchaser is located at the same address as Borlands principal office listed below, and its
telephone number at that address is the same telephone number as Borlands telephone number listed below. 

Borland is a Delaware corporation with its principal offices located at 100 Enterprise Way, Scotts Valley, CA 95066-3249, and its telephone number at that address is (831) 431-1000. Borland is a leading global provider of technology
for the development, deployment, integration and management of software applications. By delivering comprehensive technology solutions dedicated to interoperability, Borlands products are designed to allow enterprises of all sizes to move into
Web-based computing while leveraging their legacy systems. From Fortune 1000 companies to the Borland Developer Network comprised of millions of developers around the world, Borland provides its customers the freedom to develop applications, deploy
them on most major platforms and integrate and manage them across the enterprise. Borlands solutions, including those for Java, Linux, Web Services and wireless technologies, are designed to enable organizations to increase productivity and
deliver higher performance projects faster and on budget, while lowering total cost of ownership. Borland offers products and services for addressing various dimensions of the application development lifecycle   development,
deployment, integration and management. For the development phase, Borland offers its JBuilder, Delphi, Kylix and C++Builder integrated development environments (IDEs), as well as its hosted TeamSource DSP service and Optimizeit,
Borlands Java performance and testing solution. Borlands deployment and integration products include its Borland Enterprise Server line of application servers, including Borland Enterprise Server, AppServer Edition for high end EJB
deployments, VisiBroker Edition to facilitate legacy integration and its recently introduced Web Edition for JavaServer Pages (JSP)/Servlet-based application deployments. Borlands deployment products also include JDataSource, an embedded
database for web and mobile applications, and InterBase, a high-performance embedded SQL database. To manage applications, Borland offers Borland AppCenter, a visual distributed application management solution. 

All Borland brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Borland Software Corporation, in the United States and
other countries. This Offer to Purchase also contains additional trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies. Borland does not intend its use or display of other parties trademarks, trade names or service marks to imply a
relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of, us by these other parties. 

The name, citizenship, business
address, present principal occupation or employment and five-year employment history of each of the directors and executive officers of the Purchaser and Borland are listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase. 

During the last five years, none of the Purchaser, Borland or, to the best knowledge of the Purchaser and Borland, any of the persons
listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase (i) has been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors) or (ii) was a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for matters that were
dismissed without sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of
such laws. 

Except as described in this Offer to Purchase, none of the Purchaser, Borland or, to the knowledge of
the Purchaser and Borland, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, or any associate or majority-owned subsidiary of Borland, the Purchaser or any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, beneficially
owns any equity security of Starbase, and none of the Purchaser, Borland or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser and Borland, any of the other persons or entities referred to above, or any of the

respective directors, executive officers or subsidiaries of any of the foregoing, has effected any transaction in any equity security of Starbase during the past 60 days. On August 23, 2002,
Borland purchased 1,000 shares of Starbase common stock in an open market transaction at a price of $0.845 per share. 

Except as described in this Offer to Purchase or the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by Borland with the Securities and Exchange Commission to which this Offer to Purchase is filed as an exhibit, (i) there have not
been any contacts, transactions or negotiations between the Purchaser or Borland, any of their respective subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser and Borland, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one
hand, and Starbase or any of its directors, officers or affiliates, on the other hand, that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and (ii) none of the Purchaser, Borland or, to
the knowledge of the Purchaser and Borland, any of the persons listed on Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, has any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship with any person with respect to any securities of Starbase. 

10.    Source and Amount of Funds 

The Offer is not conditioned on any financing arrangements or financing contingencies. 

The total amount of funds required by the Purchaser to pay for all outstanding shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer and converted into the right to receive cash in the Merger, and to pay all fees
and expenses incurred by Borland and Purchaser related to the Offer and the Merger, but exclusive of any amount loaned to Starbase under the Loan and Security Agreement, is estimated to be approximately $28 million. The Purchaser plans to obtain all
funds needed for the Offer and the Merger through capital contributions or loans that will be made by Borland, either directly or through one or more wholly owned subsidiaries of Borland, to the Purchaser. Borland expects to use its cash on hand and
cash equivalents to make this contribution. 

The Purchaser believes that the financial condition of Borland and
its affiliates is not material to a decision by a holder of shares of Starbase common stock whether to tender such shares in the Offer because (i) cash is the only consideration that will be paid to the holders of Starbase common stock in connection
with the Offer and the Merger, (ii) the Purchaser is offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer, (iii) the Offer is not subject to any financing arrangements or financing contingencies, and (iv) Borland
has sufficient cash on hand and cash equivalents to provide the Purchaser with the amount of cash consideration payable to holders of Starbase common stock in the Offer and the Merger. 

11.    Background of the Offer 

Background 

(All Starbase per-share amounts in the following discussion have been
adjusted to reflect the one-for-ten reverse stock split that was effective prior to the opening of trading of Starbase common stock on July 31, 2002.) 

From time to time, Borland considers various acquisition candidates based on, among other criteria, including financial metrics, whether they have technologies that would (i) advance Borlands
goal of integrating all phases of software development into a single, seamless solution that unifies the design, development, testing and deployment phases of the software application development lifecycle, and (ii) strengthen Borlands ability
to provide customers with platform-independent technologies that maximize team productivity, ensure higher quality code, and reduce total cost of ownership. As Starbase is the leading provider of software configuration management technology, the
acquisition of Starbase would satisfy the foregoing criteria and would expand Borlands presence in the application development lifecycle market 

In July 2001, Frank Slootman, Senior Vice President, Software Products, of Borland had an initial discussion with William R. Stow III, the then-Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Starbase, and Donald R. Farrow, Executive Vice President of Starbase, regarding Borlands preliminary interest in a possible acquisition of Starbase. During the following months, there were periodic discussions on the subject between
representatives of Borland and representatives of Starbase. 

On September 17, 2001, representatives of Borland and Starbase met at
Starbases offices in Santa Ana, California, and Borland and Starbase entered into a Business Development Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement, imposing mutual confidentiality obligations on each other in connection with the evaluation or pursuit of
certain mutually beneficial business opportunities. 

On October 16 and 17, 2001, representatives of Borland met
with representatives of Starbase at Starbases offices in Santa Ana, California, to continue discussions relating to a possible transaction between the two companies and to conduct preliminary due diligence with respect to Starbase.

On October 23, 2001, Borland engaged Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. (Bear Stearns) as its exclusive
financial advisor in connection with a potential acquisition of Starbase. 

On November 1, 2001, Borland submitted
to Starbase a non-binding indication of interest contemplating the acquisition by Borland of Starbase for $41 million in cash or approximately $4.60 per share. The transaction was conditioned upon Borlands completion of satisfactory due
diligence, Starbase entering into an exclusivity agreement with Borland and other customary conditions. At that time, Starbases stock was generally trading in the range of $4.50 to $4.80 per share. 

On or about November 16, 2001, Starbase informed Borland that it found Borlands proposed price of $41 million to be inadequate, and
that Starbase had received a superior indication of interest from a third party. 

Between January and April 2002,
Mr. Stow had multiple meetings and discussions with officers of Borland in which each kept the other informed of the others status and interest level in renewing negotiations. 

During March 2002, representatives of SG Cowen Securities Corporation (SG Cowen), Starbases exclusive financial advisor, had several telephone
conversations with representatives of Bear Stearns regarding a possible acquisition of Starbase by Borland. 

On
March 11, 2002, representatives of Borland met with Mr. Stow, during which meeting Mr. Stow indicated Starbases interest in further discussions regarding a possible acquisition of Starbase by Borland. 

On April 1, 2002, Dale L. Fuller, Borlands President and Chief Executive Officer, met with Mr. Stow, during which meeting Mr. Stow
indicated that Starbases board of directors had determined to solicit bids for proposals to acquire Starbase. 

On April 3, 2002, James Harrer became Chief Executive Officer of Starbase and John Snedegar became Chairman of Starbases board of directors. Mr. Stow continued as a member of Starbases board of directors. 

On April 24, 2002, Mr. Harrer, Douglas S. Norman, Chief Financial Officer of Starbase, and representatives of SG Cowen met with
representatives of Borland and representatives of Bear Stearns to discuss Starbases corporate restructuring efforts and a proposed financing transaction for Starbase, as well as a potential strategic relationship between Starbase and Borland.

In late April 2002, representatives of Borland conducted additional due diligence with respect to Starbase at
Starbases offices in Santa Ana, California. 

On May 5, 2002, Borland submitted to Starbase a non-binding
indication of interest contemplating the acquisition by Borland of Starbase for between $40 million to $45 million (or approximately $4.58 and $5.15 per share), to be paid with a combination of cash and Borland common stock. The transaction was
conditioned upon Borlands completion of satisfactory due diligence, Starbase entering into an exclusivity agreement with Borland and other customary conditions. At that time, Starbases stock was generally trading in the range of $3.40 to
$4.90 per share. 

Later that month, Frederick A. Ball, Borlands Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer, discussed the non-binding indication of interest with Mr. Stow. 

On May 14, 2002, SG
Cowen informed Borland that Starbase found Borlands proposal made on May 5, 2002 to be inadequate, but indicated that Starbases board was receptive to Borlands interest in a transaction with Starbase and invited further
discussions. 

On May 19, 2002, Messrs. Fuller and Ball and Keith E. Gottfried, Borlands Senior Vice
President, General Counsel and Chief Legal Officer, met with Mr. Stow in Anaheim, California to further discuss a potential acquisition transaction, and on May 22, 2002, Mr. Fuller met with Messrs. Stow and Snedegar to continue such discussions.

On May 23, 2002, Starbase announced its planned equity financing through the sale of approximately
$12 million of convertible preferred stock and warrants to institutional investors in a private placement and a proposed one-for-ten reverse stock split. 

On May 31, 2002, Borland submitted to Starbase a revised, non-binding term sheet contemplating the acquisition by Borland of Starbase for $47 million in cash or approximately $5.50 per share. The
transaction was conditioned upon Borlands completion of satisfactory due diligence, Starbase entering into an exclusivity agreement with Borland and other customary conditions. At that time, Starbase common stock was generally trading in the
range of $2.30 to $2.60 per share. 

From June 4 through June 10, 2002, Mr. Ball on behalf of Borland and Mr. Stow
on behalf of Starbase had several telephone conversations regarding the status of a possible transaction. In the course of these discussions, Mr. Stow indicated that Starbase had received a proposal from another potential acquiror. 

On June 14, 2002, Borland sent a letter to Starbase stating Borlands continuing interest in an acquisition of Starbase.

On July 9, 2002, Mr. Stow and representatives of SG Cowen met with Messrs. Fuller and Ball to discuss
Borlands interest in a potential acquisition of Starbase. During the meeting, Mr. Ball suggested the possibility of an asset purchase and asked Starbases management to consider alternative structures for a possible transaction.

On July 29, 2002, Starbases stockholders voted to approve Starbases $12 million equity financing plan
and its one-for-ten reverse stock split. 

On July 31, 2002, prior to the opening of trading of Starbase common
stock, Starbases one-for-ten reverse stock split became effective. 

On August 8, 2002, Starbase disclosed
that it had received notification from some investors in the proposed $12 million equity financing that they were terminating their obligations under the purchase agreement, which was scheduled to close on August 13, 2002. 

On August 14, 2002, Starbase announced that it had postponed the closing date of the equity financing and was analyzing all of its
alternatives in connection with the equity financing. 

On August 23, 2002, Mr. Fuller and Edward M. Shelton,
Borlands Senior Vice PresidentBusiness Development, met with Messrs. Harrer and Snedegar of Starbase, as well as James Smith, Executive Vice President, Customer Group, of Starbase, in Menlo Park, California, to further discuss a possible
acquisition of Starbase by Borland. During the meeting, Starbases management informed Mr. Fuller that Starbase was now entertaining discussions with companies that had previously expressed interest in acquiring Starbase. Starbases
management inquired of Mr. Fuller whether Borland still had a serious interest in an acquisition transaction with Starbase. After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Fuller stated that Borland would consider whether it was prepared to make a new offer to
acquire Starbase. 

On September 3, 2002, while attending the SG Cowen Fall Technology Conference,
Mr. Ball met with representatives of SG Cowen and reiterated Borlands continuing interest in a possible acquisition of Starbase. At such time, SG Cowen encouraged Borland to make an acquisition proposal for Starbase. 

On September 7, 2002, Mr. Ball discussed with Mr. Harrer the aggregate consideration that would be paid by Borland for Starbase in a
possible acquisition transaction. Mr. Ball initially indicated that Borland would be prepared to pay $20 million in cash for Starbase and, in response to Starbases request, Mr. Ball indicated that Borland would consider providing $2 million in
bridge financing to Starbase after execution of a definitive acquisition agreement. Mr. Harrer responded that while the proposal was attractive, given the other indications of interest that he had received and other third-party financing proposals,
he believed that Starbase could justify asking for a higher valuation. 

On September 8, 2002, representatives of
Borland indicated that it could be prepared to increase its offer. 

On September 9, 2002, Mr. Snedegar on behalf
of Starbase telephoned Mr. Ball on behalf of Borland and indicated to Mr. Ball that the Starbase board of directors would not be in a position to accept an offer of $22-23 million, but would consider an offer of $25 million to purchase
Starbase. 

On September 11, 2002, Mr. Ball indicated to Mr. Harrer that Borland would be willing to pay $25
million, or approximately $2.87 per share, all in cash, and provide $2 million in bridge financing to Starbase subject to a due diligence review and negotiation of definitive acquisition and bridge financing agreements. Mr. Harrer requested written
confirmation of Borlands proposal so he could present it to Starbases board of directors for consideration. 

From September 11, 2002 through September 14, 2002, Borland and Starbase, through their respective representatives, negotiated the terms of an Exclusivity Agreement, which was executed on September 15, 2002, and which prohibited
Starbase from soliciting or participating in discussions with third parties with respect to an alternative acquisition transaction through September 23, 2002. 

On September 12, 2002, Mr. Ball sent to Mr. Harrer a preliminary written indication of interest indicating Borlands interest in acquiring Starbase for $25 million in cash and Borlands
willingness to provide $2 million in bridge financing. 

On September 12 and September 13, 2002, representatives of
Borland conducted on-site due diligence at Starbases corporate headquarters, and members of Starbases senior management made presentations on various elements of Starbases business. 

On September 14, 2002, Mr. Gottfried on behalf of Borland provided an initial draft of the Merger Agreement to Mr. Harrer. Commencing on
September 15, 2002, Borland and Starbase, and their respective counsel, discussed various aspects of the proposed transaction, and negotiated the terms of the Merger Agreement and related agreements. Such discussions and negotiations continued
through October 8, 2002. 

On September 18, 2002, Mr. Harrer visited Borlands corporate headquarters in
Scotts Valley, California, and met with, among others, Mr. Ball, Douglas Barre, Borlands Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Mr. Gottfried. They discussed, among other things, the structure and timing of the proposed
transaction. 

On September 23, 2002, the Exclusivity Agreement expired by its terms and was not extended by the
parties. 

On September 26, 2002, Borlands board of directors met together with Borlands legal and
financial advisors, to discuss various strategic matters and in particular, the proposed acquisition of Starbase. Senior management of Borland made detailed presentations regarding Borlands competitive position and the benefits

and rationale for the proposed transaction. Borlands senior management and Bear Stearns also made detailed financial presentations regarding Starbase and the proposed transaction. Senior
management of Borland reviewed the status of the negotiations with Starbase and, along with Borlands legal counsel, the results of the due diligence investigation of Starbase as completed to date. Counsel to Borland also reviewed with the
Borland board the terms of the proposed Merger Agreement and the related transaction agreements and the remaining unresolved business and legal issues with respect to such agreements. Borlands board of directors discussed the proposed Offer
and Merger and the drafts of the Merger Agreement and related agreements with members of Borlands management, Bear Stearns and legal counsel to Borland. 

On September 30, 2002, citing the results of Borlands due diligence investigation of Starbase and the additional liabilities, costs and expenses identified therein, Mr. Ball presented Mr. Harrer
with a revised acquisition proposal of $22 million in cash, or approximately $2.52 per Starbase share. 

During the
period from September 30 to October 4, 2002, Borland and Starbase engaged in further discussions regarding the offer price. 

On October 4, 2002, after Borland conducted further due diligence investigation and additional discussions between the parties, including with respect to items discovered in due diligence, Borland and Starbase arrived at a mutually
acceptable price of $24 million, or approximately $2.75 per share in cash. 

On October 7, 2002, Borlands
board of directors met again with Borlands legal and financial advisors to consider the proposed acquisition of Starbase. Senior management of Borland and Borlands legal counsel reviewed the negotiations that occurred been September 26
and October 7, 2002, including negotiations as to price, and updated the board on the due diligence review that had occurred subsequent to the September 26, 2002 board meeting. Bear Stearns updated its financial presentation concerning the proposed
acquisition. Borlands directors discussed with its senior management and legal and financial advisors the negotiated terms of the proposed Offer and the Merger. The members of Borlands board of directors, having determined that the Offer
and the Merger were in the best interests of Borland, then approved the Offer and Merger and the related transactional agreements. 

On October 8, 2002 Starbases board of directors approved and recommended the Offer, the Merger and the related transactions and later that day, Borland, Starbase and the Purchaser executed the Merger Agreement, Borland
and Starbase executed the Loan and Security Agreement and the Intellectual Property Security Agreement, and Starbases directors and selected executive officers of Starbase entered into the Tender and Voting Agreement in favor of Borland and
the Purchaser. 

On the morning of October 9, 2002, Borland and Starbase issued a joint press release announcing
the Merger Agreement and the Offer, and on October 11, 2002, the Purchaser commenced the Offer. 

Reasons for
Borland Entering into the Merger Agreement 

At a meeting held on October 7, 2002, Borlands board of
directors approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. In approving the Merger Agreement, Borlands board of directors consulted with Borlands management and legal and financial advisors. The board considered,
among other things, the following: 



the strategic fit between Borland and Starbase, including that Starbases products in the areas of source code change management, requirements management
and software configuration management enables Borland to enter another dimension of application lifecycle management consistent with Borlands strategy to become a leader in the application development lifecycle market; 



the fact that Borland has more than sufficient funds to internally fund the acquisition of Starbase and that no third-party financing would be required;



the success that Borland recently had in integrating the acquisition of Redline Software, Inc. (VMGear); 



the opportunity for numerous synergies, including: 

(i)

combining Borlands customer base, marketing expertise, brand, direct and indirect distribution channels and geographical footprint with Starbases
expertise in the areas of requirements management, software configuration management, version control and collaboration; 

(ii)

that Borlands significantly greater financial and other resources could enhance Starbases competitive position; 

(iii)

 potential cross-marketing opportunities; 

(iv)

potential acceleration of new product development through combining the technical resources of Starbase with those of Borland; and 

(v)

the potential to reduce certain selling and marketing costs. 



the potential to better respond to the needs of customers looking for source code management, requirements management and other application lifecycle management
solutions; 



that Starbase represented an attractive vehicle for Borland to enter the source code change management, requirements management and software configuration
management businesses; 



the potential positive impact of the acquisition of Starbase on Borlands other businesses; 



the reputation of Starbases products in the marketplace and among leading industry analysts; 



the technical expertise held by Starbases software engineers; 



the customer relationships held by Starbases sales personnel; 



the complementary corporate cultures of Borland and Starbase; 



the aggregate amount of the termination fee and expense reimbursement fee, relative to other transactions, and the circumstances under which such fees would be
paid to Borland pursuant to the Merger Agreement; 



the other provisions of the Merger Agreement, including the respective representations, warranties and covenants of the parties; 



the terms and conditions of the Tender and Voting Agreement, including the willingness of the directors and certain members of Starbases senior management
to enter into such agreement; 



the terms and conditions of the Loan and Security Agreement and the Intellectual Property Security Agreement; and 



the reasonable likelihood of the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

12.    Purpose

of the Offer; Plans for Starbase; The Merger Agreement; The Tender and Voting Agreement 

Purpose of the Offer 

The purpose of the Offer and Merger is to enable Borland to acquire the entire equity interest in, and thus control of, Starbase. The Offer, as the first step in the acquisition of Starbase, is
intended to facilitate the acquisition of all the outstanding shares of Starbase common stock or, if less, all shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, subject to the
conditions to the Offer described in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase. The purpose of the Merger is to acquire any and all outstanding shares of Starbase common stock that are not tendered in the Offer and
accepted for payment by the Purchaser in the Offer. 

Plans for Starbase 

If the Minimum Condition and the other conditions to the Offer described in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to
Purchase have been satisfied and the Purchaser purchases the shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer, Borland intends and will have the right to designate representatives to Starbases board of directors who will
constitute a majority of the board of directors and therefore control Starbase. Following successful completion of the Offer and the Merger, Borland intends to integrate Starbases operations with those of Borland under the direction of Borland
management. Borlands principal reason for acquiring Starbase is to expand its intellectual property product offerings. Borland intends to continue to review Starbase and its assets, corporate structure, dividend policy, capitalization,
operations, properties, policies, management and personnel and, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, to consider whether any changes would be desirable in light of the circumstances then existing, and reserves the right to take such actions
or effect such changes as it deems desirable. 

The Merger Agreement 

The following is a summary of the Merger Agreement. The following summary does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission by the Purchaser and Borland in connection with the Offer, and is incorporated in this Offer to Purchase by reference. The Merger Agreement may be examined, and copies obtained, by following the procedures described in Section 8 (Certain
Information Concerning Starbase) of this Offer to Purchase. 

The Offer 

The Merger Agreement provides for the commencement of the Offer. The Purchasers obligation to accept for payment shares of Starbase
common stock that are tendered in the Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, if permitted under the Merger Agreement, of each of the conditions to the Offer that are described in Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to
Purchase. The Purchaser may not, without Starbases prior written consent, make any change to the terms and conditions of the Offer that (i) decreases the Offer Price, (ii) changes the form of consideration to be paid in the Offer, (iii)
reduces the number of shares of Starbase common stock sought in the Offer, (iv) imposes new conditions to the Offer in addition to those described in Section 13 of this Offer to Purchase, (v) extends the Offer except as provided for in the Merger
Agreement and described below, (vi) amends or waives the Minimum Condition or (vii) is adverse to the holders of shares of Starbase common stock. 

The Purchaser is obligated to extend the Offer for 15 business days if all of the conditions to the Offer, other than the Minimum Condition and conditions relating to any foreign antitrust approvals
and required consents, have been satisfied by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, November 8, 2002, the initial expiration date of the Offer, provided that such 15-business day extension may be for a single 15-business day period or for
two or more shorter periods as the Purchaser shall determine, and, if the Minimum Condition is satisfied at the end of any such period, the Purchaser will not be required to further extend the Offer. 

The Purchaser also may (but is not required to) provide for a subsequent offering period (within the meaning of Rule 14d-11 under the
Exchange Act) of at least three but not more than twenty business days immediately following the expiration of the Offer. 

The Merger Agreement further provides that the Purchaser will, on the terms and subject to the conditions to the Offer, accept for payment, and pay for, all the shares of Starbase common stock that are validly tendered and not
properly withdrawn in the Offer as promptly as practicable after the Expiration Date. If the Purchaser provides for a subsequent offering period, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and
pay for, all shares of Starbase common stock that are validly tendered during the subsequent offering period as promptly as practicable after such shares are tendered. 

Appointment of Directors after Acceptance of Shares Tendered in the Offer

The Merger Agreement provides that, effective upon the satisfaction of the Minimum Condition and the
acceptance for payment of any shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer, Borland shall be entitled to designate the number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on Starbases board of directors that equals the product of (i) the
total number of directors on Starbases board of directors (giving effect to the election of any additional directors pursuant to these provisions) and (ii) a fraction whose numerator is the aggregate number of shares of Starbase common stock
then beneficially owned by Borland or the Purchaser (including shares of Starbase common stock accepted for payment in the Offer), and whose denominator is the total number of shares of Starbase common stock then outstanding. 

The Merger Agreement further provides that promptly following a request by Borland, Starbase must take all action necessary to
cause the individuals designated by Borland to be elected or appointed to Starbases board of directors, including, if necessary, either increasing the size of Starbases board of directors or securing the resignations of then incumbent
directors. Furthermore, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Starbase must take all action necessary to cause the individuals so designated by Borland to constitute substantially the same percentage (rounding up where appropriate) as is on
Starbases board of directors on (i) each committee of Starbases board of directors, (ii) each board of directors of each subsidiary of Starbase and (iii) each committee of each such board of directors of each subsidiary of Starbase. The
Merger Agreement requires that at all times until the completion of the Merger, Borland and Starbase shall use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to cause at least two of the members of Starbases board of directors to be
individuals who were directors of Starbase and were not officers or employees of Starbase or any of its subsidiaries on the date of the Merger Agreement (the Continuing Directors). 

Notwithstanding anything in the Merger Agreement to the contrary, after the election or appointment of the directors designated by Borland to Starbases board of
directors and prior to the completion of the Merger, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the approval of the Continuing Directors will be required to (i) amend or terminate the Merger Agreement on behalf of Starbase, (ii) extend the time for
performance by Borland or the Purchaser of, or waive compliance by Starbase with, any of the agreements or conditions contained in the Merger Agreement for the benefit of Starbase, (iii) authorize any required or permitted consent or action by
Starbases board of directors under the Merger Agreement or (iv) authorize any other action of Starbase under the Merger Agreement which adversely affects the holders of shares of Starbase common stock (other than Borland or the Purchaser),
provided, that if for any reason there are no Continuing Directors, such actions may be effected by majority vote of Starbases entire board of directors. 

The Merger 

The Merger Agreement provides that, following
the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Merger described below under the caption Conditions to the Merger, the Purchaser will be merged with and into Starbase in accordance the applicable provision of Delaware law, Starbase
will continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger and the separate corporate existence of the Purchaser will cease. 

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation 

The Merger Agreement
provides that upon the completion of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of Starbase shall be amended and restated to conform to the certificate of incorporation of the Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the completion of the
Merger, except that the authorized capital stock of Starbase following the Merger shall be 150,000,000 shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share. The bylaws of Starbase, other than those with respect to indemnification of directors and
officers of Starbase, will be amended and restated to conform to the bylaws of the Purchaser as in effect immediately prior to the completion of the Merger. 

Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation 

Under
the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon the completion of the Merger, the initial directors of Starbase will be the directors of the Purchaser immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, and the initial officers of Starbase will be the
officers of Starbase immediately prior to the completion of the Merger. 

Conversion of Shares of Starbase Common Stock 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of Starbase common stock that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the completion
of the Merger (other than shares owned by Borland, the Purchaser or Starbase, or by a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland, the Purchaser or Starbase, or by those stockholders, if any, who properly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be
converted into the right to receive $2.75, the price per share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

Appraisal Rights 

The Merger Agreement provides that shares of Starbase common stock that
are outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the Merger which are held by persons who have neither voted in favor of the Merger nor consented thereto in writing and who have properly and validly exercised their statutory rights of
appraisal in respect of such shares in accordance with Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) will not be converted into the right to receive cash in the Merger. Instead, these stockholders will be
entitled to receive payment of the fair value of their shares of Starbase common stock in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL. Such fair value would be exclusive of any element of value arising from the completion of the Merger, and may be more
or less than the consideration stockholders would receive in the Merger. Shares of Starbase common stock held by stockholders who fail to perfect, or otherwise withdraw or lose their rights to appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL, however, will
be converted into the right to receive $2.75, the price per share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

Treatment of Starbase Options and Warrants 

The Merger Agreement provides that each option
to purchase Starbase common stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the Merger under Starbases stock option plans, whether or not then vested, will be assumed by Borland, subject to the terms of the stock option plan
or program and the agreement pursuant to which such option is outstanding, as such stock option plan, program and/or agreement may be amended. Each option so assumed by Borland will continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and conditions
of such option immediately prior to the completion of the Merger (including any repurchase rights or vesting provisions), except that (i) each such option will be exercisable (or will become exercisable in accordance with its terms) for that number
of whole shares of Borland common stock equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the aggregate number of shares of Starbase common stock that were issuable upon exercise of such option immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, and
(y) the quotient obtained by dividing (1) $2.75 by (2) the closing trading price of a share of Borland common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, as reported in The Wall Street Journal, Eastern Edition, (or such other source as the parties shall agree
in writing) on the closing date of the Merger, rounded to the nearest thousandth (the Exchange Ratio), and rounded down to the nearest whole share, and (ii) the per share exercise price for the shares of Borland common stock issuable
upon exercise of such assumed option will be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the exercise price per share of such option by (y) the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. The Merger Agreement also provides that,
reasonably promptly after the completion of the Merger, Borland shall file a registration statement on Form S-8 to register the shares of Borland common stock issuable upon the exercise of all Starbase options that are assumed by Borland in
connection with the Merger. 

In addition, prior to the completion of the Merger, at the request of Borland,
Starbase shall: (i) take all action (including amending any and all of the option plans of Starbase assumed by Borland and any and all stock option agreements) that Borland determines may be necessary (under the plans pursuant to which Starbase
stock options are outstanding and otherwise) to effectuate the assumption of Starbase stock options as described above and to ensure that, from and after the completion of the Merger, holders of Starbase stock options have no rights with respect
thereto other than those specifically provided in the Merger Agreement; (ii) cause to be prepared and cause Starbases board of directors to adopt a new stock option plan having terms satisfactory to Borland in its sole discretion (the
New Stock Option Plan); (iii) cause to be prepared and filed with the California Department of Corporations a permit application to qualify the New Stock Option Plan and the options issuable

thereunder pursuant to Section 25112 of the California Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended, and use its best efforts to cause the permit sought pursuant to such permit application to be
issued as promptly as possible; (iv) take such other actions as Borland determines may be necessary to qualify the New Stock Option Plan and the options issuable thereunder pursuant to other applicable blue sky laws; (v) to the extent
permissible under applicable securities laws, cause to be granted, immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, options to purchase shares of Starbase common stock having an exercise price and other terms satisfactory to Borland in its sole
discretion to those employees of Starbase or any subsidiary of Starbase as Borland shall determine in its sole discretion; and (vi) take all other action that may be reasonably requested by Borland to effectuate the foregoing. Stock options issued
under the New Stock Option Plan will be issued, if at all, following the purchase of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer, and thus will not be included in Adjusted Outstanding Shares or otherwise count toward the satisfaction of the Minimum
Condition. If Starbase takes all the actions required in the Merger Agreement as described in this paragraph (which actions will not require the payment of any consideration other than customary fees and expenses) to cause the events described in
the section of the Merger Agreement dealing with Starbase stock options and warrants to occur, the failure to occur of any such event shall not constitute a breach of the Merger Agreement. 

Promptly after the acceptance for purchase of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer, Starbase will use all reasonable efforts to, and will take any steps required to
be taken in order to timely notify the holders of Starbase warrants that a Triggering Event (as such term is defined in such warrants) will result upon completion of the Merger. Holders of such warrants (other than those identified in
Starbases disclosure schedule) shall be entitled to receive, in exchange for such warrants, payment in cash equal to the excess, if any, of the Offer Price over the exercise price per share of Starbase common stock under such warrants
(adjusted to take into account Starbases recent reverse stock split) multiplied by the number of shares of Starbase common stock purchasable under such warrant (in each case adjusted to take into account the reverse stock split). Starbase
shall use its best efforts to cause to be terminated each of Starbase warrants identified in Starbases disclosure schedule on or prior to the closing of the Offer, with no further obligation of Starbase thereunder, and Starbase shall provide
to Borland all documentation relating to such termination. 

Representations and Warranties 

Starbase made customary representations and warranties to the Purchaser and Borland in the Merger Agreement, including
representations relating to its: 



due organization and qualification; 



certificate of incorporation and bylaws; 



capitalization; 



filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and financial statements; 



absence of changes; 



title to assets; 



loans, customers and inventories; 



equipment, real property and leaseholds; 



intellectual property; 



contracts; 



sale of products and performance of services; 



undisclosed liabilities; 



compliance with legal requirements; 



certain business practices; 



governmental authorizations; 



tax matters; 



employee and labor relations, and benefit plans; 



environmental matters; 



insurance; 



transactions with affiliates; 



legal proceedings and orders; 



authority, anti-takeover statutes and binding nature; 



inapplicability of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law; 



votes required; 



noncontravention and consents; 



the receipt of a fairness opinion; 



financial advisory and other fees; 



liquidity; 



dealings with Silicon Valley Bank; 



absence of financial advisory agreements; 



inapplicability of certain provisions of the California Corporations Code; and 



full disclosure. 

The Purchaser and Borland made customary representations and warranties to Starbase in the Merger Agreement, including representations relating to their: 



due organization; 



authority and binding nature; 



noncontravention and consents; 



disclosure; 



availability of funds; and 



brokers and finders fees. 

Interim Conduct of Business 

The Merger Agreement provides
that, except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement or as set forth in Starbases disclosure schedule, during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement through the acceptance of shares of Starbase common stock for purchase in the Offer:
(i) Starbase shall ensure that it and each of its subsidiaries conducts its businesses and operations (A) in the ordinary course consistent with past practices and (B) in compliance with all applicable legal requirements and the requirements of all
applicable contracts; (ii) Starbase shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that it and each of its subsidiaries preserves intact its current business organization, keeps available the services of its current officers and
employees and maintains its existing material relations and goodwill with all suppliers, customers, landlords, creditors, licensors, licensees, employees and other persons having business relationships with it or any of its subsidiaries;
(iii) Starbase shall keep in full force all insurance policies; (iv) Starbase shall cause to be provided all notices,

assurances and support required by any applicable contract relating to any intellectual property in order to ensure that no condition under such contract occurs that could result in, or could
increase the likelihood of (A) any transfer or disclosure by it or any of its subsidiaries of any source code or (B) a release from any escrow of any source code that has been deposited or is required to be deposited in escrow under the terms of
such contract; (v) Starbase shall promptly notify Borland of (A) any notice or other communication from any person alleging that the consent of such person is or may be required in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, and (B) any legal proceeding commenced, or, to the knowledge of Starbase, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting it or any of its subsidiaries that relates to the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement; and (vi) Starbase shall (to the extent requested by Borland) cause its officers and the officers of its subsidiaries to report regularly (but in no event less frequently than weekly) to Borland concerning the status of Starbases
business, operations and financial condition. 

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during the period
from the date of the Merger Agreement through the acceptance of shares of Starbase common stock for purchase in the Offer, neither Starbase nor any of Starbases subsidiaries may: 



(A) declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend on, or make any other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) in respect of, any of its
outstanding capital stock (other than, with respect to a subsidiary of Starbase, to its corporate parent), (B) split, combine or reclassify any of its outstanding capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect
of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its outstanding capital stock or (C) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of outstanding capital stock or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares (other than the valid
exercise of Starbase stock options and warrants outstanding as of the date of the Merger Agreement); 



sell, issue, grant, pledge or encumber or authorize the issuance, grant, pledge or encumbrance of (A) any capital stock or other security, (B) any option, call,
warrant or right to acquire any capital stock or other security or (C) any instrument convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other security (except that Starbase may issue shares of Starbase common stock upon the valid exercise of
stock options or warrants outstanding as of the date of the Merger Agreement); 



amend or waive any of its rights under, or accelerate the vesting under, any provision of any of Starbases stock option plans, any provision of any
agreement evidencing any outstanding stock option or any restricted stock purchase agreement, or otherwise modify any of the terms of any outstanding option, warrant or other security or any related contract, in each case with respect to the capital
stock of Starbase or its subsidiaries; 



amend or permit the adoption of any amendment to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other charter or organizational documents, or effect or become a
party to any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, amalgamation, recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock split, reverse stock split, division or subdivision of shares, consolidation of shares or similar
transaction; 



form any subsidiary or directly or indirectly acquire any equity or other interest in, or make any other investment in or capital contribution to, any other
entity; 



make any capital expenditure (except that Starbase and its subsidiaries may make capital expenditures that, when added to all other capital expenditures made on
behalf of Starbase and its subsidiaries during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement through the acceptance of shares of Starbase common stock for purchase in the Offer, do not exceed $100,000 in the aggregate or $33,333 per month during
such period); 



enter into or become bound by, or permit any of the assets owned or used by it to become bound by, any material contract, or amend or terminate, or waive or
exercise any material right or remedy under, any material contract; 



acquire, lease or license any right or other asset from any other person or sell or otherwise dispose of, or lease or license, any right or other asset,
including without limitation, any intellectual property of Starbase, to any other person (except in each case for immaterial assets acquired, leased, licensed or disposed of by Starbase in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
practices), or waive or relinquish any material right; 



dispose of or permit to lapse any rights to the use of any intellectual property of Starbase, or dispose of or disclose to any person other than representatives
of Borland any trade secret, formula, process, know-how or other intellectual property of Starbase not theretofore a matter of public knowledge; 



lend money to any person, or incur or guarantee any indebtedness, including without limitation, any additional borrowings under any existing lines of credit;



(A) except as required to comply with legal requirements or to renew employee benefit plans on the same terms and at the same costs, establish, adopt or amend
any employee benefit plan, pay, commit to pay or accelerate the payment of any bonus or make, commit to make or accelerate any profit-sharing or similar payment to, or increase or commit to increase the amount of the wages, salary, commissions,
fringe benefits, severance, insurance or other compensation or remuneration payable to, any of its directors, officers, employees or consultants or (B) enter into or amend any employment, consulting, severance or similar agreement with any
individual other than consulting agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business involving payments in the aggregate for all such consulting agreements not in excess of $50,000 in any month and not with a term in excess of 90 days;



hire any employee with an annual base salary in excess of $150,000 or with total annual compensation in excess of $300,000, or promote any employee except in
order to fill a position vacated after the date of the Merger Agreement; 



(A) change any of its pricing policies, product return or warranty policies, product maintenance polices, service policies, product modification or upgrade
policies, personnel policies or other business policies in any material respect or (B) make any change in any method of accounting or accounting practice or policy (including any method, practice or policy relating to taxes), except as required by
any changes in generally accepted accounting principles or as otherwise required by law; 



make or rescind any material tax election or settle or compromise any material tax liability of Starbase or of any of it subsidiaries; 



(A) commence or settle any legal proceeding, including, without limitation, any legal proceeding relating to the Merger Agreement, the Offer, the Merger or the
transactions contemplated thereby or (B) pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of claims,
liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in the consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of Starbase and its consolidated subsidiaries; 



adopt or enter into a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other material
reorganization or any agreement relating to any acquisition proposal with respect to Starbase; 



permit any material insurance policy naming it as a beneficiary or a loss payable payee to be cancelled or terminated without notice to Borland; 



enter into any agreement, understanding or commitment that restrains, limits or impedes the ability of it or any of its subsidiaries to compete with or conduct
any business or line of business, including, but not limited to, geographic limitations on the activities of it or any of its subsidiaries; 



plan, announce, implement or effect any reduction in force, lay-off, early retirement program, severance program or other program or effort concerning the
termination of employment of employees of Starbase or its subsidiaries; 



accelerate the collection of any account receivable or delay the payment of any account payable, or otherwise reduce the assets or increase the liabilities of
Starbase or any of its subsidiaries otherwise than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 



take any action that could be reasonably expected to result in any of the conditions to the Offer not being satisfied; 



enter into any material transaction or take any other material action outside the ordinary course of business or inconsistent with past practices; or



agree or commit to take any of the actions described above. 

Non-Solicitation Provisions 

The Merger Agreement provides that Starbase and its subsidiaries must immediately cease any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with respect to any offer, proposal or indication of interest relating to or
involving any of the following (each, an Acquisition Proposal), other than the transactions provided for in the Merger Agreement: 



any merger, consolidation, share exchange, recapitalization, business combination or other similar transaction involving Starbase or any of its subsidiaries;



any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of all or a significant portion of the assets of Starbase, including, without
limitation, any license, lease or other transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of Starbases intellectual property, taken as a whole, in a single transaction or series of related transactions; 



any purchase or tender offer or exchange offer for 10% or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Starbase or the filing of a registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in connection therewith; or 



any public announcement of a proposal, plan or intention to do any of the foregoing or any agreement to engage in any of the foregoing. 

The Merger Agreement further provides that Starbase shall not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries
to, nor shall it authorize (and shall use its best efforts not to permit) any affiliate, officer, director or employee of, or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative (collectively, Representatives) of Starbase
or any of its subsidiaries to: 



solicit or initiate, or encourage, directly or indirectly, any inquiries relating to, or the submission of, any Acquisition Proposal; 



participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Acquisition Proposal, or in connection with any Acquisition Proposal, or furnish to any person any
information or data with respect to or provide access to the properties of Starbase or any of its subsidiaries, or take any other action to knowingly facilitate the making of any proposal that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to,
any Acquisition Proposal; or 



enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or approve or resolve to approve any Acquisition Proposal; 

provided
, 
however
, that neither Starbase nor Starbases board of directors are prohibited from (x) taking and disclosing to
Starbases stockholders a position with respect to a tender or exchange offer by a third party pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act, or (y) making such disclosure to Starbases stockholders as, in the good
faith judgment of Starbases board of directors, pursuant to advice from independent legal counsel, is reasonably expected to be required under applicable law, provided that Starbase

may not, unless Starbases board of directors determines in good faith that such action is required to discharge the boards fiduciary duties to Starbases stockholders under
applicable law and meets certain other requirements set forth in the Merger Agreement, withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, the recommendation of Starbases board of directors that Starbases stockholders accept the Offer
and tender their shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer and adopt the Merger Agreement (the Starbase Board Recommendation), or approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend any Acquisition Proposal, or enter into any
agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. 

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, Superior
Proposal means an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal on terms that Starbases board of directors determines in good faith to be more favorable to Starbases stockholders than the Offer and the Merger (based on advice of Starbases
independent financial advisor with respect to the value of the consideration provided for in such proposal, for which financing, to the extent required, is reasonably capable of being obtained); provided, however, that for purposes of this
definition, Acquisition Proposal shall be deemed to refer only to a transaction involving a majority of the outstanding voting securities of Starbase or all or substantially all of the assets of Starbase. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the time of acceptance of Starbases common stock for payment in the Offer, Starbase may
furnish information concerning its businesses or its subsidiaries, properties or assets to any person or group (as defined in the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) and may negotiate and participate in discussions and
negotiations with such person or group whether or not such person or group has had previous discussions or negotiations with Starbase concerning a Superior Proposal, provided that such person or group shall have entered into a confidentiality
agreement, the confidentiality provisions of which shall be no more favorable to such third party than those provided for in the confidentiality agreement with Borland (provided that such confidentiality agreement must permit Starbase to disclose to
Borland all of the information required to be disclosed by Starbase to Borland by the nonsolicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement), if: 



such Person or group has submitted a Superior Proposal; 



in the good faith opinion of Starbases board of directors, determined only after consulting with independent legal counsel to Starbase, such action is
required to discharge the boards fiduciary duties to Starbases stockholders under applicable law; and 



Starbase has notified Borland in writing of its intention to engage in such discussions or negotiations or to provide such confidential information not less
than the second business day prior to so doing, provided that if such two business day period would extend beyond December 13, 2002, Starbase must notify Borland of its intention to engage in such discussions or negotiations or to provide such
confidential information not less than the second business day prior to so doing; provided that if such two business day period would extend beyond December 13, 2002, Starbase must notify Borland of its intention to engage in such discussions or
negotiations or to provide such information prior to doing so. 

The Merger Agreement also
provides that Starbase will promptly (but in no case later than 24 hours) notify Borland in writing of the existence of any proposal, discussion, negotiation or inquiry received by Starbase regarding any Acquisition Proposal, and Starbase will
immediately communicate to Borland the terms of any proposal, discussion, negotiation or inquiry that it may receive regarding any Acquisition Proposal (and will promptly provide to Borland copies of any written materials (including e-mails)
received by Starbase or its representatives in connection with such proposal, discussion, negotiation or inquiry) and the identity of the party making such proposal or inquiry or engaging in such discussion or negotiation. Starbase will promptly
provide to Borland any non-public information concerning Starbase provided to any other person in connection with any Acquisition Proposal that was not previously provided to Borland. Starbase will keep Borland fully informed on a prompt basis of
the status and details of any such Acquisition Proposal and of any amendments or proposed amendments to any of the material terms of any Acquisition Proposal and of the status of any discussions or negotiations relating to any Acquisition Proposal.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Starbase is contacted on an unsolicited basis, and not in violation of the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger

Agreement, by a person or group (whether or not such person or group has had previous discussions or negotiations with Starbase) and such person or group indicates that it is interested in
acquiring all or a portion of Starbase, but an Acquisition Proposal is not made, Starbase may nevertheless provide such third party with a copy of the confidentiality agreement with Borland and a copy of the Merger Agreement, provided, that Starbase
promptly notifies Borland of any such contact or indication of interest and provides copies to Borland of any letters, emails, communications or other documents relating to such contact or indication of interest. 

Starbase Stockholders Meeting 

If adoption of the Merger Agreement by the stockholders of Starbase is required under applicable law in order to complete the Merger, the Merger Agreement provides that Starbase must call, give notice
of and hold a meeting of the stockholders of Starbase for the purpose of voting upon the adoption of the Merger Agreement. 

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Borland agreed to cause all shares of Starbase common stock owned by Borland or any subsidiary of Borland to be voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement at the Starbase
stockholder meeting. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of the Merger Agreement, if the Purchaser shall own
by virtue of the Offer or otherwise at least 90% of the outstanding shares of Starbase common stock, the parties shall take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the merger of the Purchaser and Starbase to become effective as soon as
practicable after the expiration date of the Offer (as such expiration date may have been extended in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement) without a stockholders meeting in accordance with Section 253 of the DGCL (a Short
Form Merger), provided that Borland may, in its sole discretion, elect to delay the consummation of the Short Form Merger to permit Borland to cause Starbase to adopt a stock option plan for grants of stock options to Starbase employees to be
approved by Starbases stockholders in accordance with all legal requirements as contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Proxy Statement; Recommendation of Starbases Board of Directors 

The Merger Agreement
provides that if the adoption of the Merger Agreement by Starbases stockholders is required by applicable law in order to complete the Merger, Starbase must prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a proxy statement for use
in connection with the solicitation of proxies from Starbases stockholders in connection with the Merger. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to the right of Starbases board of directors to withdraw or modify its
recommendation as described below, the proxy statement must contain the Starbase Board Recommendation. The Merger Agreement further provides as follows: 



Except as provided below, neither Starbases board of directors nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or
modify, in a manner adverse to Borland or the Purchaser the Starbase Board Recommendation, (ii) approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal or (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition
Proposal. 



Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to compliance with the nonsolicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement, prior to the time of acceptance for payment of
Starbase common stock in the Offer, Starbases board of directors, after consulting with independent legal counsel, may withdraw or modify the Starbase Board Recommendation, approve or recommend a Superior Proposal, or enter into an agreement
with respect to a Superior Proposal, if the board determines in good faith that such action is required to discharge the boards fiduciary duties to Starbases stockholders under applicable law, provided that in each case Starbase has
given Borland written notice at least four business days in advance of such action that Starbases board of directors has received a Superior Proposal that it intends to accept, specifying the material terms and conditions of such Superior
Proposal and identifying the person making such Superior Proposal. 

Reasonable Effort 

The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, Borland and Starbase shall use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions necessary to purchase shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer and consummate the Merger and make effective the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including (i) making all filings and giving all notices required
to be made and given in connection with the Offer and the Merger, (ii) using all reasonable efforts to obtain each consent (if any) required to be obtained by such party in connection with the Offer and the Merger, and (iii) using all reasonable
efforts to lift any restraint, injunction or other legal bar to the Offer or the Merger. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, Borland does not have any obligation: (i) to dispose of or transfer or cause any of its subsidiaries to dispose of or
transfer any assets, or to commit to cause Starbase or any of its subsidiaries to dispose of any assets; (ii) to discontinue or cause any of its subsidiaries to discontinue offering any product or service, or to commit to cause Starbase or any of
its subsidiaries to discontinue offering any product or service; (iii) to license or otherwise make available, or cause any of its subsidiaries to license or otherwise make available to any third party any technology, software or other intellectual
property, or to commit to cause Starbase or any of its subsidiaries to license or otherwise make available to any third party any technology, software or other intellectual property; (iv) to hold separate or cause any of its subsidiaries to hold
separate any assets or operations, or to commit to cause Starbase or any of its subsidiaries to hold separate any assets or operations; (v) to make or cause any of its subsidiaries to make any commitment regarding its future operations or the
future operations of Starbase or any of its subsidiaries; or (vi) to contest any legal proceeding relating to the Offer or the Merger if Borland determines in good faith that contesting such legal proceeding might not be advisable. 

Employee Benefit Matters 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Borland has agreed that all employees of Starbase and its subsidiaries who continue employment with Borland, Starbase and Starbases subsidiaries after the
completion of the Merger (Continuing Employees) shall be eligible to continue to participate in Starbases health and welfare benefit plans; 
provided, however
, that (i) nothing shall limit the right of Borland or Starbase to
amend or terminate any such health or welfare benefit plan at any time, and (ii) if Borland or Starbase terminates any such health or welfare benefit plan, then (upon expiration of any appropriate transition period), the Continuing Employees shall
be eligible to participate in Borlands health and welfare benefit plans, to substantially the same extent as similarly situated employees of Borland. Nothing in the Merger Agreement shall be construed to create a right in any employee to
employment with Borland, Starbase or any other subsidiary of Starbase and the employment of each Continuing Employee shall be at will employment. 

Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance 

The Merger Agreement provides that all rights to indemnification existing in favor of those persons who are directors and officers of Starbase as of the date of the Merger Agreement (the Indemnified Persons) for their
acts and omissions occurring prior to the completion of the Merger, as provided in Starbases bylaws, certificate of incorporation and any written contract or agreement providing for indemnification to any Indemnified Person as in effect as of
the date of the Merger Agreement, will survive the Merger and shall be observed by Starbase to the fullest extent available under Delaware law for a period of six years from the completion of the Merger. 

In addition, 
provided that the officers of Starbase as of the date of the Merger Agreement prepare and execute the application with
respect thereto, 
the Merger Agreement requires Borland to maintain in effect, for the benefit of the Indemnified Persons with respect to their acts and omissions occurring prior to the completion of the Merger, a tail policy of
directors and officers liability insurance covering the period of time from the completion of the Merger until up to the sixth anniversary thereof, to the extent that directors and officers liability insurance coverage is
commercially available providing comparable coverage to the existing directors and officers liability insurance policy currently maintained by Starbase. However, Borland will not be required to pay an aggregate premium for such tail
policy in excess of $500,000, and, in the event the aggregate premium

for such tail policy would exceed $500,000, Borland will be entitled to alter the terms of such coverage and/or period of such coverage under the tail policy to such terms of coverage and/or
period of time that can be obtained for an aggregate premium equal to $500,000, with the terms of such changes in coverage or period of coverage to be determined in consultation with each of the Continuing Directors; provided, further, that, if
requested by the Continuing Directors, such aggregate premium shall be paid at or prior to the completion of the Merger. 

Conditions to the Merger 

The Merger Agreement provides that the respective obligations of
each party to complete the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, consisting of the following: 



if required by applicable law (i.e. if, following successful completion of the Offer the Purchaser owns less than 90% of the then outstanding shares of Starbase
common stock), the Merger must have been approved by the stockholders of Starbase in accordance with the DGCL and Starbases charter documents; 



the Purchaser or Borland must have accepted for payment, and paid for, all of the shares of Starbase common stock that were validly tendered in the Offer and
not properly withdrawn, provided, that in the case of a restraining order, injunction or other order, each of the parties shall have used their commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of any such restraining order, injunction or other
order and to appeal as promptly as possible any restraining order, injunction or other order that may be entered; and 



no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the completion of the Merger shall have been issued by any court
of competent jurisdiction and remain in effect, and there shall not be any legal requirement enacted or deemed applicable to the Merger that makes completion of the Merger illegal; provided, that in the case of a restraining order, injunction or
other order, each of the parties shall have used their commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of any such restraining order, injunction or other order and to appeal as promptly as possible any restraining order, injunction or other
order that may be entered. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement 

The Merger Agreement may be terminated, and the Offer may be abandoned, at any time prior to the closing of the Offer or the completion of
the Merger: 



prior to the completion of the Merger, by mutual written consent of Borland and Starbase; 



prior to the completion of the Merger, by either Borland or Starbase if a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental body shall have issued a final
and nonappealable order, decree or ruling, or shall have taken any other action, having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the acceptance of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer or the Merger or making
the purchase by the Purchaser of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer or completion of the Merger illegal; 



prior to the completion of the Offer, by either Borland or Starbase if the Offer shall have expired without the acceptance for payment of shares of Starbase
common stock, provided that (i) a party shall not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement for that reason if the failure of the acceptance for payment of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer is attributable to a failure on the part of
such party to perform any covenant in the Merger Agreement (an Expiration Termination) and (ii) Starbase shall not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement for that reason unless it pays the termination fee and makes the other
payments required to be made by Starbase to Borland under the Merger Agreement; 



prior to the closing of the Offer, by either Borland or Starbase if the acceptance for payment of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer shall not have
occurred on or prior to the close of business on December 15, 2002, provided that (i) a party shall not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement for that reason if the failure of the acceptance for payment of shares of Starbase common stock in
the Offer by the close of business on December 15, 2002 is attributable to a failure on the part of such party to perform any covenant in the Merger Agreement (a Drop-Dead Date Termination) and (ii) Starbase shall not be permitted to
terminate the Merger Agreement for that reason unless it pays the termination fee and makes the other payments required to be made by Starbase to Borland under the Merger Agreement; 



prior to the closing of the Offer, by Borland if any triggering event (as defined below) shall have occurred (a Triggering Event
Termination); 



prior to the closing of the Offer, by Borland if any of Starbases representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement shall fail to be true
and correct such that the condition to the Offer associated therewith would not be satisfied, or any of Starbases obligations, agreements or covenants contained in the Merger Agreement shall have been breached such that the condition to the
Offer associated therewith would not be satisfied, subject in either case to certain cure rights (a Starbase Breach Termination); 



prior to the closing of the Offer, by Starbase if any of Borlands representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement shall fail to be true
and correct, except where such failure does not have a material adverse effect on the ability of Borland or the Purchaser to purchase shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer or consummate the Merger, or Borland shall not have complied with in
all material respects Borlands covenants contained in the Merger Agreement, except where such noncompliance does not have a material adverse effect on the ability of Borland or the Purchaser to purchase shares of Starbase common stock in the
Offer or consummate the Merger, subject in either case to certain cure rights; or 



prior to the closing of the Offer, by Starbase if Starbase has proposed to enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal or has approved or
recommended a Superior Proposal, provided that Starbase has complied with all of the nonsolicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement, including the notice provisions therein (a Superior Proposal Termination). 

A triggering event shall be deemed to have occurred if: (i) Starbases board of directors
shall have failed to unanimously recommend that Starbases stockholders accept the Offer and tender their shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer or vote to adopt the Merger Agreement, or shall have withdrawn or modified in a manner
adverse to Borland the Starbase Board Recommendation, or shall have taken any other action which is reasonably determined by Borland to suggest that Starbases board of directors might not unanimously support the Offer or the Merger or might
not believe that the Offer or the Merger is in the best interests of Starbases stockholders; (ii) Starbase shall have failed to include in the Schedule 14D-9 the Starbase Board Recommendation or a statement to the effect that Starbases
board of directors has determined and believes that the Offer and the Merger are in the best interests of Starbases stockholders; (iii) Starbases board of directors fails to reaffirm Starbase Board Recommendation, or fails to reaffirm
its determination that the Offer and the Merger are in the best interests of Starbases stockholders, within five business days after Borland requests in writing that such recommendation or determination be reaffirmed; (iv) Starbases
board of directors shall have approved, endorsed, recommended or taken a neutral position with respect to any Acquisition Proposal; (v) Starbase shall have entered into any letter of intent or similar document or any Contract relating to any
Acquisition Proposal; (vi) a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Starbase shall have been commenced and Starbase shall not have sent to its securityholders, within ten business days after the commencement of such tender or exchange
offer, a statement disclosing that Starbase recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer; (vii) an Acquisition Proposal is publicly announced, disclosed or commenced or submitted, made or publicly communicated to Starbases board of
directors and Starbase (A) fails to comply with certain requirements set forth in the Merger Agreement or (B) otherwise fails to actively oppose such Acquisition Proposal; (viii) any Person or group (as defined in the Exchange Act and
the rules promulgated thereunder) of

persons directly or indirectly acquires or agrees to acquire, or discloses an intention to acquire, beneficial or record ownership of securities representing more than 10% of the outstanding
securities of any class of voting securities of Starbase; (ix) Starbase or any of its subsidiaries or any representative of Starbase or any of its subsidiaries shall have breached or taken any action inconsistent with any of the nonsolicitation
provisions of the Merger Agreement; or (x) there is any default under the agreements with respect to the Bridge Loan. 

Fees and Expenses; Termination Fee 

The Merger Agreement provides that all fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (including the Offer and the Merger) will be paid by the party or parties, as applicable, incurring such expenses, whether or not the
Offer and the Merger are successfully completed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, under the terms of the Merger Agreement Borland and Starbase will share equally all reasonably documented fees and out-of pocket expenses, other than
attorneys, accounting and financial advisory fees and expenses, incurred in connection with (A) the filing, printing and mailing of the documents relating to the Offer and the proxy statement relating to the Merger and any amendments or
supplements thereto and (B) the filing of any notice or other document under any applicable foreign antitrust law or regulation. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated under the circumstances described below, the fees and expenses described in each of the paragraphs below will become payable: 



If (i) except as provided below, the Merger Agreement is terminated by Borland or Starbase pursuant to an Expiration Termination or a Drop-Dead Date Termination
and at or prior to the time of the termination of the Merger Agreement an Acquisition Proposal shall have been publicly disclosed, announced or commenced or publicly submitted, made or communicated to Starbases board of directors, (ii) the
Merger Agreement is terminated by Borland pursuant to a Triggering Event Termination, (iii) the Merger Agreement is terminated by Borland pursuant to a Starbase Breach Termination and within one year from the date of termination Starbase or any of
its subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement in respect of, or approves or recommends, any Acquisition Proposal, or agrees or resolves to do so, or (iv) the Merger Agreement is terminated by Starbase pursuant to a Superior Proposal
Termination, then Starbase shall pay to Borland, in cash (in addition to any reimbursement of expenses described below), a nonrefundable termination fee in the amount equal to $1,500,000. 

However, notwithstanding clause (i) above, no termination fee shall be required to be paid pursuant to clause (i) above if, within five
business days after the Acquisition Proposal shall have been publicly disclosed, announced or commenced or publicly or non-publicly submitted, made or communicated to Starbases board of directors, Starbases board of directors (A)
determines that such Acquisition Proposal does not constitute a Superior Proposal, (B) so notifies, in writing, Borland and the person or persons that made the Acquisition Proposal and (C) in the case of an Acquisition Proposal that has been
publicly disclosed, within five business days thereafter files with the SEC, and mails to Starbases stockholders, a supplement to Starbases Schedule 14D-9 describing such determination and reaffirming Starbases recommendation of
the Offer and the Merger, 
provided, however
, that if at any time prior to the date six months after the date of any such termination pursuant to clause (i) above, Starbase or any of its subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement in
respect of, or approves or recommends, any Acquisition Proposal, or agrees or resolves to do any of the foregoing, Starbase shall pay the termination fee described above, provided that solely for purposes of the previous proviso, Acquisition
Proposal shall not be deemed to refer to a transaction involving 25% or less of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Starbase. 



If (x) except as provided below, the Merger Agreement is terminated by Borland or Starbase pursuant to an Expiration Termination or a Drop-Dead Date Termination
and at or prior to the time of the termination of the Merger Agreement an Acquisition Proposal shall have been publicly disclosed,

announced or commenced or publicly submitted, made or communicated to Starbases board of directors, (y) the Merger Agreement is terminated by Borland pursuant to a Triggering Event
Termination or a Starbase Breach Termination, or (z) the Merger Agreement is terminated by Starbase pursuant to a Superior Proposal Termination, Starbase shall make a nonrefundable cash payment to Borland in an amount equal to the aggregate amount
of all reasonably documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses (including all attorneys fees, accountants fees, financial advisory fees and filing fees) that have been paid or that may become payable by or on behalf of Borland in
connection with the due diligence review of Starbase by Borland and its representatives, the preparation and negotiation of the Merger Agreement and otherwise in connection with the Offer, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement; provided, however, that such nonrefundable cash payment shall not exceed $750,000 in the aggregate. 

However, notwithstanding clause (x) above, no cash payment shall be required to be paid pursuant to a termination described in clause (x) above if, within five business days after the Acquisition
Proposal shall have been publicly disclosed, announced or commenced or publicly or non-publicly submitted, made or communicated to Starbases board of directors, Starbases board of directors (A) determines that such Acquisition Proposal
does not constitute a Superior Proposal, (B) so notifies, in writing, Borland and the person or persons that made the Acquisition Proposal and (C) in the case of an Acquisition Proposal that has been publicly disclosed, within five business days
thereafter files with the SEC, and mails to Starbases stockholders, a supplement to Starbases Schedule 14D-9 describing such determination and reaffirming Starbases recommendation of the Offer and the Merger; 
provided,

however
, that if at any time prior to the sixth month anniversary of any such termination pursuant to clause (x) above, Starbase or any of its subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement in respect of, or approves or recommends, any
Acquisition Proposal, or agrees or resolves to do any of the foregoing, Starbase shall make the expense payment described above, provided that solely for purposes of the previous proviso, Acquisition Proposal shall be deemed to refer
only to a transaction involving 25% or less of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Starbase. 

Procedure
for Amendment, Extension or Waiver 

Subject to applicable law and subject to the other provisions of the
Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of Borland, the Purchaser and Starbase. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, in the event that the
Merger Agreement has been adopted by the stockholders of Starbase in accordance with the DGCL, no amendment may be made to the Merger Agreement that requires the approval of such stockholders without such approval. 

Definition of Material Adverse Effect 

The Merger Agreement provides that material adverse effect means an event, occurrence, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or other matter which, considered alone or together with any other
matter or matters, had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the business (financial or otherwise), condition, software engineer employee base, sales force employee base, capitalization, assets, liabilities,
operations, revenues, results of operations, cash flows, financial performance or prospects of Starbase and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of Starbase to consummate the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement or to perform any of its obligations under the Merger Agreement or the documents evidencing the Bridge Loan, or (iii) Borlands or Purchasers ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise
ownership rights with respect to the stock of Starbase or the surviving corporation in the Merger; 
provided, however
, that in determining whether there has been a material adverse effect, any adverse effect directly attributable to conditions
in the industries in which Starbase and its subsidiaries operate, which conditions do not materially disproportionately affect Starbase and its subsidiaries, shall be disregarded. 

The Tender and Voting Agreement 

The following is a summary of the Tender and Voting Agreement entered into by Borland, the Purchaser and each of Starbases directors
and certain of its executive officers. The following summary does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Tender and Voting Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Tender and Voting
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Purchaser and Borland in connection with the Offer, and which is incorporated in
this Offer to Purchase by reference. 

As a condition and inducement to Borland and the Purchaser to enter into the
Merger Agreement, all of Starbases directors and certain of its executive officers have entered into the Tender and Voting Agreement with Borland and the Purchaser pursuant to which they have agreed, in their capacity as stockholders of
Starbase, to tender all of their shares of Starbase common stock, as well as any additional shares of Starbase common stock which they may acquire (pursuant to Starbase stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. As of October 8,
2002, such directors and executive officers held in the aggregate 81,985 shares of Starbase common stock, which represented approximately 0.94% of Starbases Adjusted Outstanding Shares as of such date. 

Under the terms of the Tender and Voting Agreement, each such director or executive officer has agreed, in such persons capacity as
a stockholder of Starbase, as follows: 



to promptly (and, in any event, not later than ten business days after commencement of the Offer) tender or cause to be tendered into the Offer, pursuant to and
in accordance with the terms of the Offer, and not withdraw or cause to be withdrawn (except following the termination of the Offer in accordance with its terms), all of such stockholders shares of Starbase common stock; 



that until the earlier of the completion of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement, at any meeting of Starbases stockholders, and in any
action by consent of Starbases stockholders, such stockholder shall vote (or cause to be voted) all of his shares of Starbase common stock: (i) in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement, the Merger and all the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement and the Tender and Voting Agreement and otherwise in such manner as may be necessary to consummate the Merger; (ii) against any action, proposal, agreement or transaction that would result in a breach of any covenant,
obligation, agreement, representation or warranty of Starbase under the Merger Agreement; and (iii) against any action, agreement, transaction (other than the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby) or proposal (including any
Acquisition Proposal) that could reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the Offer or to Starbases obligations under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled or that is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to impede,
interfere, delay, discourage or adversely affect the Merger Agreement, the Offer, the Merger or the Tender and Voting Agreement; and 



to appoint Borland and certain representatives of Borland as such stockholders attorney, agent and proxy, with full power of substitution, to vote and
otherwise act with respect to all such stockholders shares of Starbase common stock at any meeting of Starbases stockholders, and in any action by written consent of Starbases stockholders, on the matters and in the manner
specified in the Tender and Voting Agreement, upon any failure of such stockholder to fulfill his obligations thereunder. 

Each such stockholder has also agreed that, with certain limited exceptions, such stockholder shall not (except as contemplated by the Tender and Voting Agreement itself) sell, transfer, tender (except
into the Offer) or otherwise dispose of, or grant a proxy or power of attorney with respect to, or enter into any voting agreement, or create or permit to exist any encumbrances of any nature whatsoever with respect to, any of such
stockholders shares of Starbase common stock. In addition, each such stockholder has agreed not to take any action that would make any representation or warranty of such stockholder therein untrue or incorrect in any material respect or have
the effect of preventing, delaying or disabling such stockholder from performing such stockholders obligations thereunder. Finally, each such stockholder has also agreed not to solicit, initiate, endorse, accept or

encourage the submission of any Acquisition Proposal, or participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect to, or otherwise cooperate
in any way with respect to, or participate in, assist, facilitate, endorse or encourage any proposal that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, provided that such provision shall not preclude any stockholder
from exercising any rights or duties in such stockholders capacity as a director or officer of Starbase pursuant to the nonsolicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement. 

The Bridge Loan 

The
following is a summary of the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002 (the Loan and Security Agreement), and Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002 (the Intellectual Property Security
Agreement), each entered into between Borland and Starbase, and the bridge loan (Bridge Loan) to be funded by Borland thereunder. The following summary does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of
the Loan and Security Agreement and the Intellectual Property Security Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Loan and Security Agreement and Intellectual Property Security Agreement, copies of which are filed as exhibits to
the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Purchaser and Borland in connection with the Offer, and which are incorporated in this Offer to Purchase by reference. 

Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, Borland and Starbase entered into a Loan and
Security Agreement, Intellectual Property Security Agreement and related documents providing for the Bridge Loan from Borland to Starbase, in a maximum amount of $2,000,000. Under the terms of the Loan and Security Agreement, Borland has agreed to
provide Starbase with an initial funding of $750,000 of the Bridge Loan upon the satisfaction of the conditions specified therein (including the filing by Starbase of its Schedule 14D-9), to fund an additional $500,000 of the Bridge Loan on the
30-day anniversary of the initial funding and to fund an additional $750,000 of the Bridge Loan on the 60-day anniversary of the initial funding. The Bridge Loan will bear interest on the outstanding daily balance thereof from the date of
disbursement until satisfaction in full at 8% per annum, with a default rate of interest equal to the lesser of 13% per annum or the maximum rate permissible by law. The Bridge Loan will be secured by all personal property of Starbase, including
accounts, contract rights, general intangibles, goods, instruments, documents, policies and certificates of insurance, deposits, money, investment property, inventory and intellectual property (including trademarks, service marks, trade names,
service names, patents, patent applications, computer programs and source code) of Starbase. The security interest of Borland will be subordinate only to the security interest of Silicon Valley Bank pursuant to the Accounts Receivables Purchase
Agreement between Starbase and Silicon Valley Bank dated as of April 19, 2002. Starbase has agreed not to borrow any amounts pursuant to such agreement while any amounts are owed to Borland under the Bridge Loan. 

The outstanding principal amount of the Bridge Loan (and any interest accrued thereon) is immediately due and payable upon the earliest of
the following dates (the Maturity Date): 



except as otherwise provided below, in the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated (a) by either Borland or Starbase (i) if the Offer shall have expired
without the acceptance for payment of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer or (ii) if the acceptance for payment of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer shall not have occurred on or prior to the close of business on December 15,
2002, and, in either such case, all conditions to the Offer (other than the Minimum Condition) have been satisfied, or (b) by Starbase by reason of the failure of Borlands representations and warranties to be true in all material respects, or
Borlands failure to have performed or complied in all material respects with any of its covenants set forth in the Merger Agreement, the date 14 calendar days after such termination; 



except as otherwise provided below, in the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated by Starbase by reason of it proposing to enter into an agreement with
respect to a Superior Proposal or approving or recommending a Superior Proposal, on the date immediately prior to such termination; 



except as otherwise provided below, in the event of a termination of the Merger Agreement for any other reason, on the date on which the Merger Agreement is
terminated; 



on the date on which any event of default occurs under the Loan and Security Agreement; or 



December 15, 2002. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Maturity Date occurs by reason of any termination of the Merger Agreement, $550,000 of the outstanding principal amount of the Bridge Loan (and any interest accrued thereon) shall
not become due and payable until the earliest to occur of: (A) such time as a termination fee, if any, would be payable to Borland by Starbase under the Merger Agreement; (B) such time as Starbase enters into a definitive agreement in respect of, or
approves or recommends, any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement), or agrees or resolves to do any of the foregoing, provided, that solely for this purpose an Acquisition Proposal shall not be deemed to refer to a
transaction involving 25% or less of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Starbase; and (C) the one year anniversary of the date of termination of the Merger Agreement. 

The events of default under the Loan and Security Agreement include the following: 



if Starbase fails to pay any of the obligations thereunder when due; 



if Starbase fails to perform any of its other obligations thereunder or under any related loan documentation, subject to certain cure rights; 



if Silicon Valley Bank exercises any of its rights under any of its loan documents with Starbase; 



if there occurs a default, breach or failure to perform on the part of Starbase, or a Triggering Event under the Merger Agreement resulting in the
termination of the Merger Agreement; 



if, in Borlands determination, a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) shall have occurred on Starbase;



if an event occurs that results in a material diminution of the value of, or adversely affects the priority of Borlands security interest in, the
Collateral (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement), taken as a whole; 



if any material portion of Starbases assets is attached, seized, subjected to a writ or distress warrant, or is levied upon; 



if Starbase or any of its subsidiaries becomes insolvent, or if an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding is commenced by or against Starbase or any of
its subsidiaries; 



if there is a default in any agreement to which Starbase is a party with a third party or parties resulting in a right by such third party or parties, whether
or not exercised, to accelerate the maturity of any indebtedness of Starbase in an amount in excess of $100,000 or that could have a Material Adverse Effect or result in any release of any source code for any Starbase software; or 



if any material misrepresentation or material misstatement exists in any warranty or representation set forth in the Loan and Security Agreement or any related
document or the Merger Agreement, or in any document or certificate delivered to Borland pursuant thereto or to induce Borland to enter into any of such documents. 

13.    Certain Conditions to the Offer 

The Merger Agreement provides that the Purchaser shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to the
Purchasers obligation to pay for or return tendered shares of Starbase common stock promptly after termination or withdrawal of the Offer), pay for, and may delay the acceptance for payment of or the payment for, any tendered shares of
Starbase common stock, and may amend the Offer consistent with the terms of the Merger Agreement or terminate the Offer and not accept for payment any tendered shares of Starbase common stock, if: 



the Minimum Condition shall not have been satisfied at the time of expiration of the Offer, as it may be extended; or 



at any time on or after the date of the Merger Agreement and prior to the expiration of the Offer, as it may be extended, any of the following events or
circumstances shall occur or exist or shall be determined by Borland or the Purchaser to have occurred or exist, and in the reasonable judgment of Borland or the Purchaser, and regardless of the circumstances (including any action or inaction by
Borland or the Purchaser other than an action or inaction by Borland or the Purchaser constituting a material breach of the Merger Agreement) giving rise to such event or circumstance, such event or circumstance makes it inadvisable to proceed with
the Offer and/or with such acceptance for payment of or payment for shares of Starbase common stock: 



any waiting period under any applicable foreign antitrust law or regulation or other legal requirement shall not have expired or been terminated or any Consent
required under any applicable foreign antitrust law or regulation or other legal requirement shall not have been obtained; 



the representations and warranties of Starbase set forth in the Merger Agreement which are not qualified by materiality or material adverse
effect shall not have been true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the Merger Agreement or shall not be true and correct in all material respects as of any subsequent date as though made on or as of such subsequent date, or
the representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality or material adverse effect shall not have been true and accurate in all respects as of the date of the Merger Agreement or shall not be true and correct in
all respects as of any subsequent date as though made on or as of such subsequent date (except for those representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular date or only with respect to a specific period of time which need
only be true and correct as of such date or with respect to such period), or Starbase shall have breached or failed to perform or comply in any material respect with any obligation, agreement or covenant required by the Merger Agreement to be
performed or complied with by it; 



since the date of the Merger Agreement, there shall have occurred any material adverse effect on Starbase and its subsidiaries, or any event shall have occurred
or circumstance shall exist that, in combination with any other events or circumstances, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Starbase and its subsidiaries; 



any consent identified in a schedule to the Merger Agreement, or any other material consent required to be obtained in connection with the Offer or the Merger,
shall not have been obtained or shall not be in full force and effect; 



any temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the purchase by the Purchaser of shares of Starbase common stock
in the Offer or completion of the Merger shall have been issued by any court of competent jurisdiction and remain in effect, or there shall be any legal requirement enacted or deemed applicable by a governmental body to the Offer or the Merger that
makes the purchase by the Purchaser of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer or completion of the Merger illegal; 



there shall be pending or threatened any legal proceeding in which a governmental body is or is threatened to become a party or is otherwise involved or either
Borland or Starbase shall have received a communication from any governmental body in which such governmental body indicates the possibility of commencing any legal proceeding or taking any other action: (i) challenging or seeking to restrain or
prohibit the purchase of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer or completion of the Merger; (ii) relating to the Offer or the Merger and seeking to obtain from Borland or any of Starbase and its subsidiaries, any damages or other relief that
may be material to Borland or Starbase and its subsidiaries; (iii) seeking to prohibit or limit in any material respect Borlands or the Purchasers ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights
with respect to the stock of Starbase; (iv) that could materially and adversely affect the right of Borland or any of Starbase and its subsidiaries to own the assets or operate the business of Starbase and its subsidiaries; or (v) seeking to compel
any of Starbase and its subsidiaries, Borland or any subsidiary of Borland to dispose of or hold separate any material assets as a result of the Offer or the Merger; 



there shall be pending any legal proceeding in which, in the reasonable judgment of Borland, there is a reasonable possibility of an outcome that could have a
material adverse effect on Starbase and its subsidiaries or a material adverse effect on Borland: (i) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the purchase of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer or completion of the Merger; (ii)
relating to the Offer or the Merger and seeking to obtain from Borland or any of Starbase and its subsidiaries, any damages or other relief that may be material to Borland or Starbase and its subsidiaries; (iii) seeking to prohibit or limit in any
material respect Borlands or the Purchasers ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to the stock of Starbase; (iv) that would materially and adversely affect the right of
Borland or any of Starbase and its subsidiaries, to own the assets or operate the business of any of Starbase and its subsidiaries; or (v) seeking to compel any of Starbase and its subsidiaries, Borland or any subsidiary of Borland to dispose of or
hold separate any material assets as a result of the Offer or the Merger, provided that this condition shall not apply with respect to any legal proceeding relating to the ownership of certain Starbase shares held in escrow for the benefit of the
founders of Starbase; 



there shall not have occurred and be continuing: (i) (A) any general suspension of trading in, or limitation on prices for, securities on The Nasdaq Stock
Market for a period in excess of three hours (excluding any organized halt triggered solely as a result of a specified decrease in a market index or suspensions or limitations resulting solely from physical damage, technological or software
breakdowns or malfunctions or interference with such exchange not related to market conditions) or (B) any decline in any of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Standard & Poors Index of 500 Industrial Companies, the Nasdaq Composite
Index or the Nasdaq Computer and Data Processing Index in excess of 15% measured from the close of business on the date of the Merger Agreement; (ii) a declaration by a governmental body of a banking moratorium or any suspension of payments in
respect of banks in the United States; (iii) an act of terrorism or a commencement of a war, armed hostilities or other international or national calamity directly or indirectly involving the United States, which in any case could have a material
adverse effect on Starbase and its subsidiaries or could materially adversely affect Borlands or the Purchasers ability to purchase shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer or consummate the Merger; (iv) any extraordinary limitation
(whether or not mandatory) by any governmental body on the extension of credit generally by banks or other financial institutions; or (v) a change in general financial, bank or capital market conditions which materially and adversely affects the
ability of financial institutions in the United States to extend credit or syndicate loans; 



Starbases board of directors (i) shall have withdrawn, modified or changed in a manner adverse to Borland or the Purchaser (including by amendment of the
Schedule 14D-9) the Starbase Board Recommendation, (ii) shall have recommended or remained neutral with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, (iii) shall have adopted any resolution or announced any intention to effect any of the foregoing, or (iv)
shall fail to reaffirm Starbase Board Recommendation within five business days after Borland requests that Starbase Board Recommendation be reaffirmed; 



the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms; 



there shall be a deterioration in Starbases cash flow or liquidity or the amounts provided by Starbases working capital, together with the funds
provided by the Bridge Loan from Borland, such that the funds shall no longer be sufficient to maintain Starbases level of operations as of the date of the Merger Agreement through at least December 15, 2002; or 



a triggering event shall have occurred under the Merger Agreement. 

The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Borland and the Purchaser and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, may be waived by Borland or
the Purchaser, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, in the reasonable discretion of Borland or the Purchaser. The failure by Borland or the Purchaser at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights will not be deemed a waiver
of any such right and each such right will be deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any time and from time to time. 

If the Offer is terminated pursuant to the foregoing provisions, all tendered
shares of Starbase common stock will be promptly returned to the tendering stockholders. 

14.    Certain Legal
Matters 

Except as described in this Section 14, based on information provided by Starbase, none of Starbase,
the Purchaser or Borland is aware of any license or regulatory permit that appears to be material to the business of Starbase that might be adversely affected by the Purchasers acquisition of shares of Starbase common stock in connection with
the Offer or the Merger, or of any approval or other action by a domestic or foreign governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or authority that would be required for the acquisition and ownership of shares of Starbase common stock by the
Purchaser in connection with the Offer or the Merger. Should any such approval or other action be required, the Purchaser and Borland presently contemplate that such approval or other action will be sought, except as described below under
State Takeover Statutes. While, except as otherwise described in this Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser does not presently intend to delay the acceptance for payment of, or payment for, shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in
the Offer pending the outcome of any such matter, there can be no assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed, would be obtained or would be obtained without substantial conditions or that failure to obtain any such approval or other
action might not result in consequences adverse to Starbases business or that certain parts of Starbases business might not have to be disposed of or other substantial conditions complied with in the event that such approvals were not
obtained or such other actions were not taken or in order to obtain any such approval or other action. If certain types of adverse action are taken with respect to the matters discussed below, the Purchaser could decline to accept for payment, or
pay for, shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer. See Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for certain conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to governmental actions.

Delaware Law 

In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prevents an interested stockholder (generally, a stockholder owning 15% or more of a corporations outstanding voting stock or an
affiliate thereof) from engaging in a business combination (generally defined to include a merger and certain other transactions as described below) with a Delaware corporation for a period of three years following the time when such stockholder
became an interested stockholder unless (i) prior to such time the corporations board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, (ii) upon
consummation of the transaction that resulted in such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the corporations voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding
shares owned by certain employee stock option plans and persons who are directors and also officers of the corporation) or (iii) at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the corporations board of directors and
authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66-2/3% of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder (and such action may not be taken by written consent). 

Starbases board of directors has taken all actions necessary to exempt the Merger Agreement, the Tender and Voting
Agreement, the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement from the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. 

State Takeover Statutes 

A number of states have
adopted laws that purport, to varying degrees, to apply to attempts to acquire corporations that are incorporated in, or that have substantial assets, stockholders, principal executive offices or principal places of business or whose business
operations otherwise have substantial economic effects in, such states. Starbase, directly or through subsidiaries, conducts business in a number of states throughout the United States, some of which have enacted such laws. Except as described in
this Offer to Purchase, we do not know

whether any of these laws will, by their terms, apply to the Offer or the Merger and have not complied with any such laws. To the extent that certain provisions of these laws purport to apply to
the Offer or the Merger, we believe that there are reasonable bases for contesting such laws. 

In 1982, in a case
named 
Edgar v. MITE Corp
., the Supreme Court of the United States invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois Business Takeover Statute, which, as a matter of state securities law, made takeovers of corporations meeting certain
requirements more difficult. In 1987, however, in a case named 
CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of America
, the Supreme Court of the United States held that the State of Indiana could, as a matter of corporate law, constitutionally disqualify
a potential acquiror from voting shares of a target corporation without the prior approval of the remaining stockholders where, among other things, the corporation is incorporated, and has a substantial number of stockholders, in the state.
Subsequently, in a case named 
TLX Acquisition Corp. v. Telex Corp
., a Federal District Court located in the State of Oklahoma ruled that certain Oklahoma statutes were unconstitutional insofar as they purported to apply to corporations
incorporated outside of the State of Oklahoma in that they would subject such corporations to inconsistent regulations. Similarly, in a case named 
Tyson Foods, Inc. v. McReynolds
, a Federal District Court located in the State of Tennessee
ruled that four Tennessee takeover statutes were unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated outside of the State of Tennessee. This decision was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In December 1988, a
Federal District Court located in the State of Florida held in a case named 
Grand Metropolitan PLC v. Butterworth
 that the provisions of the Florida Affiliated Transactions Act and the Florida Control Share Acquisition Act were
unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated outside of the State of Florida. 

Antitrust

United States Antitrust Law
.    Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act), and the rules that have been promulgated under the HSR Act by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC), certain acquisition transactions may not be consummated unless certain
information has been furnished to the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the Antitrust Division) and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied. The Offer and the Merger are not subject to the
filing and waiting period requirements of the HSR Act. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the FTC and the Antitrust
Division frequently scrutinize the legality under the antitrust laws of transactions such as the Purchasers acquisition of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer and the Merger. At any time before the Purchasers acquisition of
shares of Starbase common stock, the FTC or the Antitrust Division could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the Purchasers acquisition of shares of
Starbase common stock in the Offer, the Merger or otherwise, or seeking the divestiture of shares of Starbase common stock acquired by the Purchaser, or the divestiture of substantial assets of Borland or its subsidiaries. At any time after the
Purchasers acquisition of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer and the Merger, the FTC or the Antitrust Division could take such action under the antitrust laws as either deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including
seeking the divestiture of the shares of Starbase common stock acquired by the Purchaser in the Offer and the Merger or the divestiture of substantial assets of Borland or its subsidiaries. Private parties, as well as state governments, may also
bring legal action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer or the Merger or other acquisition of shares of Starbase common stock by the Purchaser on antitrust grounds will not be
made or, if such a challenge is made, of the result. See Section 13 (Certain Conditions to the Offer) of this Offer to Purchase for certain conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to litigation and certain governmental actions.

Foreign Antitrust Law. 
The antitrust and competition laws of certain foreign countries may apply to the
Offer and the Merger and filings and notifications may be required. The Purchaser, Borland and Starbase are reviewing whether any such filings are required in connection with the Offer or the Merger and intend to make such filings promptly to the
extent required. 

Federal Reserve Board Regulations 

Regulations G, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board (the Margin Regulations) restrict the extension or maintenance of credit
for the purpose of buying or carrying margin stock, including the shares of Starbase common stock, if the credit is secured directly or indirectly by margin stock. Such secured credit may not be extended or maintained in an amount that exceeds the
maximum loan value of all the direct and indirect collateral securing the credit, including margin stock and other collateral. All financing for the Offer has been structured to be in full compliance with the margin regulations. 

15.    Fees and Expenses 

The Purchaser and Borland have retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. to act as the Information Agent for the Offer, and Mellon Investor Services LLC to serve as the Depositary for the
Offer. Each of the Information Agent and the Depositary will receive reasonable and customary compensation for their services, be reimbursed for certain reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and be indemnified against certain liabilities and expenses in
connection with their services, including certain liabilities and expenses under United States federal securities laws. 

The Information Agent may contact holders of Starbase common stock by mail, telephone, facsimile, email, telegraph and personal interview and may request banks, brokers, dealers and other nominees to forward materials relating to the
Offer to beneficial owners of Starbase common stock. 

Neither the Purchaser nor Borland will pay any fees or
commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than to the Depositary, the Information Agent and in the event that the laws of one or more jurisdictions require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer to a broker or dealer
licensed in such jurisdiction, to such broker or dealer) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of shares of Starbase common stock in connection with the Offer. Upon request, the Purchaser will reimburse brokers, dealers, banks, trust
companies and other nominees for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding material to their customers. 

16.    Miscellaneous 

The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders
be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of shares of Starbase common stock in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance of the Offer would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. Neither the Purchaser nor
Borland is aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance of the Offer would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. To the extent that the Purchaser or Borland becomes aware of any state law that would
limit the class of offerees in the Offer, the Purchaser may amend, in its discretion, the Offer and, depending on the timing of such amendment, if any, may extend, in its discretion, the Offer to provide adequate dissemination of such information to
holders of shares of Starbase common stock prior to the expiration of the Offer. 

No person has been authorized
to give any information or to make any representation on behalf of the Purchaser or Borland that is not contained in this Offer to Purchase or in the Letter of Transmittal and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied
upon as having been authorized. 

The Purchaser and Borland have filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act, together with exhibits, furnishing certain additional information with respect to the Offer, and may file amendments to such document. In addition,
Starbase has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 pursuant to Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, together with exhibits, containing its recommendation with respect to the Offer
and the reasons for such recommendation and furnishing certain additional information with respect to the Offer. Such documents and any amendments to such documents,

including the related exhibits, should be available for inspection and copies should be obtainable in the manner described in Section 8 (Certain Information Concerning Starbase) of this Offer to
Purchase, except that such material will not be available at the regional offices of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

GALAXY ACQUISITION CORP. 

October 11, 2002 

SCHEDULE I 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF 

THE PURCHASER AND BORLAND 

1.    Directors and Executive Officers of the Purchaser 

The name, business address, present principal occupation or employment and material occupations, positions, offices or employment for the past five years of each of the directors and executive officers of the Purchaser are
set forth below. The business address of each such director and executive officer is Galaxy Acquisition Corp., c/o Borland Software Corporation, 100 Enterprise Way, Scotts Valley, CA 95066. All directors and officers listed below are citizens of the
United States. 

Name and Position

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History

Frederick A. Ball

    President and Treasurer; Director

Mr. Ball joined Borland in September 1999 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In June 2001, Mr. Ball was promoted to Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Borland, Mr. Ball served as the Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions for KLA-Tencor Corporation, the worlds leading supplier of process control and yield management solutions for
the semiconductor industry, since June 1999. Prior to his position in the M&A department at KLA-Tencor Corporation, Mr. Ball was the Vice President of Finance for KLA-Tencor Corporation following the merger with Tencor Instruments in 1997. Mr.
Ball joined Tencor Instruments as Corporate Controller in March 1995 and was promoted to Corporate Vice President and appointed Corporate Secretary in January of 1996. Mr. Ball was employed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from September 1984 to
March 1995. Age: 40

Keith E. Gottfried

        Vice President and Secretary; Director

Mr. Gottfried joined Borland in June 2000, and currently serves as Senior Vice PresidentLaw and Corporate Affairs, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary
and Chief Legal Officer. Prior to joining Borland, Mr. Gottfried was a corporate attorney in the New York office of the law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP where he advised public and private companies on mergers and acquisitions,
joint ventures, federal securities registrations and compliance, and general corporate matters. Mr. Gottfried holds a law degree, cum laude, from Boston Universitys School of Law where he was named an Edward F. Hennessey Distinguished Scholar
of Law and a G. Joseph Tauro Scholar of Law, an M.B.A. with high honors from Boston Universitys Graduate School of Management, and a Bachelor of Science in Economics (concentrated in Accounting) from the University of Pennsylvanias
Wharton School. Mr. Gottfried is also a Certified Public Accountant and, prior to attending law school, was employed as an accountant and auditor with the accounting firm of Arthur Young & Company, a predecessor firm to Ernst & Young LLP.
Mr. Gottfried is admitted to the practice of law by the state bars of California, New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Massachusetts. Mr. Gottfried is a member of the Board of Directors of the Business Software Alliance, a trade association of
leading software companies. Age: 35

S-1 

2.    Directors and Executive Officers of Borland 

The name, business address, present principal occupation or employment and material occupations, positions, offices or employment for the
past five years of each of the directors and executive officers of Borland are set forth below. Except as indicated below, the business address of each such director or executive officer is c/o Borland Software Corporation, 100 Enterprise Way,
Scotts Valley, CA 95066. All directors and officers listed below are citizens of the United States. 

Name and Position

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History

Dale L. Fuller

    President
and Chief Executive Officer;     Director

Mr. Fuller has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Borland since December 2000, and served as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer
from April 1999 to December 2000. He has been a director of Borland since April 1999. Prior to joining Borland, Mr. Fuller was a private investor from 1998 to 1999. From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Fuller served as Chief Executive Officer at WhoWhere? Inc., a
leading Internet site, which was sold to Lycos in 1998. From 1995 to 1996, Mr. Fuller served as General Manager and Vice President of the PowerBooks Division at Apple Computer, Inc., a personal computer manufacturer. Prior to joining Apple Computer,
Mr. Fuller served as General Manager and Vice President of the Portables Division at NEC Corporation, a personal computer manufacturer, from 1993 to 1995. Mr. Fuller is a member of the board of directors of the Software and Information Industry
Association (SIIA), a trade association representing companies in the software and information industries. Age: 44

Frederick A. Ball

    Executive Vice President and Chief     Financial Officer

Mr. Ball joined Borland in September 1999 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In June 2001, Mr. Ball was promoted to Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Borland, Mr. Ball served as the Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions for KLA-Tencor Corporation, the worlds leading supplier of process control and yield management solutions for
the semiconductor industry, since June 1999. Prior to his position in the M&A department at KLA-Tencor Corporation, Mr. Ball was the Vice President of Finance for KLA-Tencor Corporation following the merger with Tencor Instruments in 1997. Mr.
Ball joined Tencor Instruments as Corporate Controller in March 1995 and was promoted to Corporate Vice President and appointed Corporate Secretary in January of 1996. Mr. Ball was employed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from September 1984 to
March 1995. Age: 40

S-2 

Name and Position

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History

Douglas W. Barre

    Senior
Vice President and Chief     Operating Officer

Mr. Barre joined Borland in May 2000 as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining Borland, Mr. Barre was Senior Vice President of
Enterprise Software at Compuware Corporation since April 1997, and prior to that position served as Vice President and General Manager of Compuware Corporations European Operations since October 1995. Prior to Compuware Corporation, Mr. Barre
was Vice President of Business Transformation and Chief Information Officer of Bell Mobility, since April 1994. Mr. Barre has also held senior management positions at AT&T/Cantel, Imperial Oil Ltd. and Texaco Canada Inc. Age: 58

Keith E. Gottfried

    Senior Vice President  Law and     Corporate Affairs, General Counsel,     Corporate Secretary and Chief Legal     Officer

Mr. Gottfried joined Borland in June 2000, and currently serves as Senior Vice PresidentLaw and Corporate Affairs, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary
and Chief Legal Officer. Prior to joining Borland, Mr. Gottfried was a corporate attorney in the New York office of the law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP where he advised public and private companies on mergers and acquisitions,
joint ventures, federal securities registrations and compliance, and general corporate matters. Mr. Gottfried holds a law degree, cum laude, from Boston Universitys School of Law where he was named an Edward F. Hennessey Distinguished Scholar
of Law and a G. Joseph Tauro Scholar of Law, an M.B.A. with high honors from Boston Universitys Graduate School of Management, and a Bachelor of Science in Economics (concentrated in Accounting) from the University of Pennsylvanias
Wharton School. Mr. Gottfried is also a Certified Public Accountant and, prior to attending law school, was employed as an accountant and auditor with the accounting firm of Arthur Young & Company, a predecessor firm to Ernst & Young LLP.
Mr. Gottfried is admitted to the practice of law by the state bars of California, New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Massachusetts. Mr. Gottfried is a member of the Board of Directors of the Business Software Alliance, a trade association of
leading software companies. Age: 35

S-3 

Name and Position

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History

William F. Miller

    Chairman of the Board and Director

Dr. Miller has served as the Chairman of the board and as a director of Borland since January 1996. Dr. Miller is the Herbert Hoover Professor Emeritus,
Graduate School of Business, Stanford University, and President Emeritus of SRI International, one of the worlds largest independent research, technology development and consulting organizations, where he served as President and Chief
Executive Officer for 11 years. He is also Professor Emeritus of Computer Science, School of Engineering, Stanford University. Dr. Miller was Chairman of WhoWhere?, Inc., which was sold to Lycos, Inc. in 1998, and he has served on the boards of
directors of a number of public companies, including Wells Fargo and Co. and Firemans Fund Insurance Company (which was acquired by Allianz A.G. of Munich, Germany in 1991). Dr. Miller currently serves on the boards of the following private
companies: Sentius Corporation, X Peed Inc., Data Digest Inc., Pumpkin Networks, Inc. and Handysoft U.S.A. Mr. Miller holds an honorary doctorate, PhD, Masters and Bachelors degrees from Purdue University. He is a life member of the National
Academy of Engineering, a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a Life Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), and a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Sciences. Age:

Robert H. Kohn

    Vice
Chairman of the Board and     Director

Mr. Kohn has served as the Vice Chairman of the board and as a director of Borland since May 2000. Mr. Kohn is a co-founder of EMusic.com Inc., a provider of
downloadable music over the Internet, and served as Chairman of the Board and Secretary of EMusic.com, Inc. from January 1998 to April 2001 when it was acquired by Vivendi/Universal, Inc. Since December 1999, Mr. Kohn has served as Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of Laugh.com, Inc., a privately held comedy record company. From July 2000 until June 2001, Mr. Kohn was a member of the board of directors of GlobelNet, Inc., an international telecommunications service. From October 1996 to
December 1997, Mr. Kohn was Vice President, Business Development and General Counsel of Pretty Good Privacy, Inc., a developer and marketer of Internet encryption and security software. From March 1987 to September 1996, he was Senior Vice President
of Law and Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Borland. Mr. Kohn also served as Chief Legal Counsel for Ashton-Tate Corporation, a developer and marketer of computer software that was acquired by Borland in 1991. Mr. Kohn
also served as Associate General Counsel for Candle Corporation, a developer principally of software for mainframe computers from 1985 to 1987. Mr. Kohn is co-author of the book Kohn On Music Licensing. Mr. Kohn holds a Bachelors of Science
degree in Business Administration from California State University at Northridge and a law degree from Loyola Law School. Age: 45

S-4 

Name and Position

Present Principal Occupation or Employment

and Employment History

Robert Dickerson

    Director

Mr. Dickerson has served as a director of Borland since June 2000. Mr. Dickerson, who currently is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Edge
Software, served as Senior Vice Presidentand General Manager for Products for Rational Software Corporation, an Internet software tools company, from April 1997 to March 2000. From March 1995 to April 1997, he was Vice President of Marketing and a
General Manager for several business units at Pure Atria Corporation, a primarily UNIX software company. From January 1988 to March 1995, Mr. Dickerson was Vice President of Product Marketing and later Senior Vice President for Database and
Connectivity Products for Borland. Prior to joining Borland, Mr. Dickerson served as Director of Product Marketing and Program Management at Microsoft Corporation. Mr. Dickerson holds an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School, and a
Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Houston. Age: 45

William K. Hooper

    Director

Mr. Hooper has served as a director of Borland since May 1999. Mr. Hooper is the President of the Woodside Hotels and Resorts Group Services Corporation
and Monterey Plaza Hotel Corporation. Mr. Hooper serves as an advisor to Acuity II Ventures, a venture capital investment fund. Mr. Hooper also has served on the board of directors of several non-profit organizations. From 1982 to 1985, Mr. Hooper
was a consultant with McKinsey and Company, a leading business management consulting firm. In 1985, Mr. Hooper joined Woodside Hotels as Executive Vice President, and in 1993, he was appointed President. Mr. Hooper is a 1982 graduate of the Stanford
Graduate School of Business and a 1977 graduate of Dartmouth College. Age: 47

Laura S. Unger

    Director

Ms. Unger has served as a director of Borland since April 1, 2002. From February 2001 until August 3, 2001, Ms. Unger served as Acting Chairperson of the
Securities and Exchange Commission. From March 1997 to February 2001, Ms. Unger served as an SEC Commissioner. Before being appointed to the SEC, Ms. Unger served as Securities Counsel to the United States Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and
Urban Affairs from January 1995 to November 1997. Ms. Unger is also a former Congressional Fellow. Prior to working on Capitol Hill, Ms. Unger was an attorney with the Enforcement Division of the SEC in Washington, D.C. Ms. Unger received a Bachelor
of Arts degree from the University of California at Berkeley in 1983 and a Juris Doctor degree from New York Law School in 1987. Age: 41.

S-5 

Manually signed facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal will be accepted. The Letter of
Transmittal, certificates for shares of Starbase common stock and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each stockholder of Starbase or such stockholders broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee to the
Depositary at one of its addresses set forth below. 

Mellon Investor
Services LLC 

By Facsimile Transmission

By Registered or Certified Mail:

By Overnight Courier:

By Hand:

(For Eligible Institutions Only):

(201) 296-4293

For Confirmation Only:

(201) 296-4860

P.O. Box 3301

South Hackensack, NJ

Attn: Reorganization Department

85 Challenger Road

Mail Stop 
Reorg

Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

Attn: Reorganization
Department

120 Broadway

th
 Floor

New York, NY

Questions regarding the Offer, and requests for assistance in
connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent at its telephone number and location listed below. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or any other materials
related to the Offer may be obtained from the Information Agent. You may also contact your broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is:

17 State Street, 10th Floor 

New York, NY 10004 

Banks and Brokers Call: (212) 440-9800 

All Others Call Toll Free: (866) 431-8993 

EX-99.(A)(2)

dex99a2.htm

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL 

To Tender 

Shares of Common Stock 

of 

Starbase Corporation 

Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase 

Dated October 11, 2002 

by 

Galaxy Acquisition Corp., 

A wholly
owned subsidiary of 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

The Depositary for the Offer is:

Mellon Investor Services LLC 

By Facsimile Transmission

By Registered or Certified Mail:

By Overnight Courier:

By Hand:

(For Eligible Institutions Only):

(201) 296-4293

For Confirmation Only:

(201) 296-4860

P.O. Box 3301

South Hackensack, NJ

Attn: Reorganization Department

85 Challenger Road

Mail Stop 
Reorg

Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

Attn: Reorganization Department

120 Broadway

New York, NY

13th Floor

DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN
AS SET FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA A FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER. YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE SPACE
PROVIDED BELOW, WITH SIGNATURE GUARANTEE IF REQUIRED, AND COMPLETE THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW. 

The Instructions set forth in this Letter of Transmittal should be read carefully before this Letter of Transmittal is completed. 

DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED

Name(s) and Address(es) of Registered Holder(s)

(Please Fill In, if Blank, Exactly as Name(s) and Addresses

Appear(s) on Share Certificate(s))

Shares Tendered

(Attach
Additional Signed List If Necessary)

Share Certificate

Number(s)*

Total Number of Shares Represented

by
Share

Certificate(s)*

Number of Shares Tendered**

Total Shares

  *     Need not be completed if transfer is made by book-entry
transfer.

**     Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all shares represented by the listed
certificates are being tendered. See Instruction 4. IF ANY OF THE CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES THAT YOU OWN HAVE BEEN LOST OR DESTROYED, SEE INSTRUCTION 10.

This Letter of Transmittal is to be used either if certificates for Shares (as
defined herein) are to be delivered herewith or, unless an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase, which is defined herein) is utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer
described in the Offer to Purchase to an account maintained by the Depositary (as defined herein) at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase). Stockholders whose certificates for Shares are not immediately available or
who cannot deliver either the certificates for, or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to, their Shares, and all other documents required hereby, to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in
the Offer to Purchase) of the Offer (as defined below) must tender their Shares in accordance with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction 2. 
Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
does not constitute delivery to the Depositary. 

 

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER MADE TO AN ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE DEPOSITARY WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY MAY DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER): 

Name of Tendering
Institution:  

Account
Number:  

Transaction Code
Number:  

 

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY, ENCLOSE A PHOTOCOPY OF SUCH
NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING: 

Name(s) of Registered
Owner(s):  

Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery:  

Name of Institution that Guaranteed
Delivery:  

If delivered by book-entry transfer check box:

 

NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW 

PLEASE READ THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned hereby tenders to Galaxy Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Borland), the above
described shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Shares), of Starbase Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Starbase), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchasers Offer to
Purchase, dated October 11, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase), and this Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto or hereto, collectively constitute the Offer), receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged. 

Upon the terms of the Offer, subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment of, and payment
for, the Shares tendered herewith in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the order of, the Purchaser all right, title and interest in and to all the Shares that are being tendered
herewith (and any and all dividends, distributions, other Shares or other securities or rights issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after October 8, 2002 (collectively, Distributions)) and irrevocably constitutes and appoints
Mellon Investor Services LLC (the Depositary) the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the undersigned, with full power of substitution (such power of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest),
to the full extent of the undersigneds rights with respect to such Shares (and any and all Distributions) (i) to deliver certificates for such Shares (and any such other Shares or securities or rights) or transfer ownership of such Shares (and
any and all Distributions) on the account books maintained by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility together, in any such case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity to, or upon the order of, the Purchaser, (ii) to present such
Shares (and any and all Distributions) for transfer on Starbases books and (iii) to receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such Shares (and any and all Distributions), all in accordance with the terms
of the Offer. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to
tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered herewith (and any and all Distributions) and, when the same are accepted for payment by the Purchaser, the Purchaser will acquire good title thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions,
claims and encumbrances, and the same will not be subject to any adverse claim. The undersigned will, upon request, execute any additional documents deemed by the Depositary or the Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to complete the sale,
assignment and transfer of the Shares tendered herewith (and any and all Distributions). In addition, the undersigned shall remit and transfer promptly to the Depositary for the account of the Purchaser any and all Distributions in respect of the
Shares tendered hereby, accompanied by appropriate documentation of transfer, and, pending such remittance and transfer or appropriate assurance thereof, the Purchaser shall be entitled to all rights and privileges as owner of each such Distribution
and may withhold the entire purchase price of the Shares tendered hereby or deduct from such purchase price, the amount of value of such Distribution as determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion. 

All authority conferred or agreed to be conferred pursuant to this Letter of Transmittal shall be binding upon the successors, assigns,
heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives of the undersigned and shall not be affected by, and shall survive, the death or incapacity of the undersigned. Except as described in the Offer to Purchase, this tender is irrevocable. The
Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for the Shares or other securities to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchasers acceptance for payment of such Shares, the Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting,
consent and other rights with respect to such Shares (and any and all Distributions), including voting at any meeting of Starbases stockholders. 

By executing this Letter of Transmittal, the undersigned hereby irrevocably
appoints Dale L. Fuller, Frederick A. Ball and Keith E. Gottfried each as an attorney-in-fact and proxy of the undersigned, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to vote at any annual, special, adjourned or postponed meeting of
Starbases stockholders or otherwise in such manner as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy (or his or her substitute) shall in his or her sole discretion deem proper with respect to, to execute any written consent concerning any matter as each
such attorney-in-fact and proxy (or his or her substitute) shall in his or her sole discretion deem proper with respect to, and to otherwise act as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy (or his or her substitute) shall in his or her sole discretion
deem proper with respect to, the Shares tendered herewith that have been accepted for payment by the Purchaser prior to the time any such action is taken and with respect to which the undersigned is entitled to vote (and any and all Distributions).
This appointment is effective when, and only to the extent that, the Purchaser accepts for payment such Shares as provided in the Offer to Purchase. This power of attorney and proxy are irrevocable and are granted in consideration of the acceptance
for payment of such Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer. Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior powers of attorney, proxies and consents given by the undersigned with respect to the Shares tendered herewith (and any and all
Distributions) will, without further action, be revoked and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be given (and, if given, will not be deemed effective) by the undersigned in respect of such Shares. 

The undersigned understands that the valid tender of Shares pursuant to any of the procedures described in the Offer to
Purchase and in the Instructions hereto will constitute a binding agreement between the undersigned and the Purchaser upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer (and if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms or conditions of
any such extension or amendment). 

Unless otherwise indicated herein in the box labeled Special Payment
Instructions, please issue the check for the purchase price and/or return any certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment in the name(s) of the registered holder(s) indicated herein in the box labeled Description of
Shares Tendered on the cover page of this Letter of Transmittal. Similarly, unless otherwise indicated herein in the box labeled Special Delivery Instructions, please mail the check for the purchase price and/or return any
certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment (and accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the address(es) of the registered holder(s) indicated herein in the box labeled Description of Shares Tendered on the cover page
of this Letter of Transmittal. In the event that both of the boxes herein labeled the Special Payment Instructions and the Special Delivery Instructions, respectively, are completed, please issue the check for the purchase
price and/or return any certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) in the name of, and deliver such check and/or return such certificates (and any accompanying documents, as
appropriate) to, the person or persons indicated therein. Please credit any Shares tendered herewith by book-entry transfer that are not accepted for payment by crediting the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility. The undersigned recognizes
that the Purchaser has no obligation pursuant to the Special Payment Instructions to transfer any Shares from the name of the registered holder(s) thereof if the Purchaser does not accept for payment any of the Shares so tendered. 

IF ANY OF THE CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES THAT YOU OWN HAVE BEEN LOST OR DESTROYED, SEE INSTRUCTION 10. 

SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)

SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6 and 7)

To be completed ONLY if certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of
Shares accepted for payment is/are to be issued in the name of someone other than the undersigned.

To be completed ONLY if certificate(s) for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment and/or the check for the purchase price of Shares accepted for
payment is/are to be mailed to someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned at an address other than that listed above.

Issue 
 
 check 
 
 certificates to:

Name

(Please
Print)

Address

(Include Zip
Code)

(Employer Identification or Social Security Number)

Mail 
 
 check 
 
 certificates to:

Name

(Please Print)

Address

(Include Zip Code)

(Employer Identification or Social Security Number)

(Also complete Substitute Form W-9 below) 

SIGN HERE 

(Also Complete
Substitute Form W-9 Below) 

Signature: 

(Signature(s) of Stockholder(s)) 

Dated:

, 2002 

(Must be signed by registered
holder(s) as name(s) appear(s) on the certificate(s) for the Shares or on a security position listing or by person(s) authorized to become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents transmitted herewith. If signature is by trustees,
executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact, officers of corporations or others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please provide the following information and see Instruction 5.) 

Name(s): 

(Please Print) 

Capacity (Full Title): 

Address: 

(Include Zip Code) 

Daytime Area Code and Telephone Number 

Tax Identification or Social Security Number 

(See Substitute Form W-9) 

Guarantee of Signature(s) 

(If RequiredSee Instructions 1 and 5) 

FOR USE BY FINANCIAL
INSTITUTIONS ONLY. PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN SPACE BELOW. 

Authorized Signature: 

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Title: 

Name of Firm: 

Address: 

(Include Zip Code) 

Daytime Area Code and Telephone Number: 

Date:

, 2002 

INSTRUCTIONS 

FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 

1.
    Guarantee of Signatures
.    No signature guarantee is required on this Letter of Transmittal if (i) this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of Shares
tendered herewith, unless such registered holder(s) has completed either the box labeled Special Payment Instructions or the box labeled Special Delivery Instructions on this Letter of Transmittal or (ii) such Shares are
tendered for the account of a financial institution (including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, Nasdaq Stock Market Guarantee Program or
the Stock Exchange Medallion Program or by any other eligible guarantor institution, as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (each, an Eligible Institution). For purposes
of this Instruction, a registered holder of Shares includes any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facilities system whose name appears on a security position listing as the owner of the Shares. In all other cases, all signatures on this Letter
of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See Instruction 5. 

2.
    Requirements of Tender
.    This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by stockholders either if certificates are to be tendered herewith or, unless an Agents Message is
utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer described in the Offer to Purchase to an account maintained by the Depositary at the Book Entry Transfer Facility. For a stockholder to validly tender
Shares in the Offer, either (i) the certificate(s) representing the tendered Shares, together with this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees and any
other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein prior to the Expiration Date, (ii) in the case of a tender effected pursuant to a book-entry transfer (a) either this Letter of Transmittal (or a
facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein
prior to the Expiration Date, and (b) the Shares to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation must be received by the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date or (iii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date. 

If a stockholder desires to tender Shares in the Offer and such stockholders certificates representing such Shares are not immediately available, or the book-entry
transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase cannot be completed on a timely basis, or time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, such stockholder may tender such Shares if all the
following conditions are met: (i) such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution; (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by the Purchaser, is received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein prior to the Expiration Date; and (iii) either (a) the certificates representing such Shares, together with this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly
executed, and any required signature guarantees, and any other required documents, are received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein within three trading days (as described below) after the date of execution of such Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery or (b) in the case of a book-entry transfer effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase, (1) either this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and
duly executed, and any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message, and any other required documents, is received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed herein and (2) such Shares are delivered pursuant to the book-entry
transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase, and a Book-Entry Confirmation is received by the Depositary, in each case within three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. For purposes of the
foregoing, a trading day is any day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market is open for business. 

The method of delivery of Shares to be tendered in the Offer, this Letter of
Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, is at the election and risk of the tendering stockholder. Shares to be tendered in the Offer, will be deemed delivered only when actually
received by the Depositary (including, in the case of a book-entry transfer, by Book-Entry Confirmation). If delivery of Shares is by mail, registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases, sufficient
time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery. 

No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be
accepted. All tendering stockholders, by execution of this Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), waive any right to receive any notice of the acceptance of their Shares for payment. 

3.
    Inadequate Space
.    If the space provided herein is inadequate, the certificate numbers and/or the number of
Shares should be listed on a separate schedule attached hereto. 

4.
    Partial Tenders
(Applicable to Certificate Stockholders Only)
.    If fewer than all the Shares evidenced by any certificate submitted are to be tendered herewith, fill in the number of Shares that are to be tendered in the box entitled
Number of Shares Tendered. In any such case, new certificate(s) for the remainder of the Shares that were evidenced by the old certificate(s) will be sent to the registered holder(s), unless otherwise provided in the appropriate box on
this Letter of Transmittal, as soon as practicable after the acceptance of payment of, and payment for, the Shares tendered herewith. All Shares represented by certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered unless
otherwise indicated. 

5.
    Signatures on Letter of Transmittal, Stock Powers and
Endorsements
.    If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares tendered herewith, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on the face of the certificate(s) without any
change whatsoever. 

If any of the Shares tendered herewith are owned of record by two or more joint owners, all
such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal. 

If any tendered Shares are registered in different names on
several certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many separate copies of this Letter of Transmittal as there are different registrations of certificates. 

If this Letter of Transmittal or any certificates or stock powers are signed by trustees, executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact, officers of corporations
or others acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, such persons should so indicate when signing and proper evidence, satisfactory to the Purchaser, of their authority so to act must be submitted. 

When this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered owner(s) of the Shares tendered herewith, no endorsements of certificates or
separate stock powers are required unless payment is to be made to, or certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment are to be issued to, a person other than the registered owner(s). Signatures on such certificates or stock powers
must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered owner(s) of certificate(s) listed on the cover page, such certificate(s) must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names of the registered owner(s) appear on such
certificate(s) and the signatures on such certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. 

6.
    Stock Transfer
Taxes
.    Except as otherwise provided in this Instruction 6, the Purchaser will pay any stock transfer taxes with respect to the transfer and sale of Shares to it or its order in the Offer. If, however, payment of the
purchase price is to be made to, or if certificates for Shares not to be tendered or not accepted for payment are to be registered in the name of, any person(s) other than the registered owner(s), or if tendered certificate(s) are registered in the
name of any person(s) other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered owner(s) or such person(s)) payable on account of the transfer to such person(s) will be
deducted from the purchase price unless satisfactory evidence of the payment of such taxes, or exemption therefrom, is submitted. 

Except as provided in this Instruction 6, it will not be necessary for transfer tax stamps to be affixed to the certificate(s) listed in this Letter of Transmittal. 

7.
    Special Payment and Delivery Instructions
.    If a check is to be issued in the name of, and/or certificates for Shares
not accepted for payment are to be returned to, a person other than the person signing this Letter of Transmittal, or if a check is to be sent and/or such certificates are to be returned to a person other than the person signing this Letter of
Transmittal or to an address other than that shown above, the appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal must be completed. 

8.
    Waiver of Conditions
.    Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), the Purchaser reserves the absolute right in its sole
discretion to waive any of the specified conditions (other than the Minimum Condition (as defined in the Offer to Purchase)) of the Offer, in whole or in part, in the case of any Shares to be tendered herewith. 

9.
    Backup Withholding
.    In order to avoid backup withholding of U.S. federal income
tax on payments of cash in the Offer, a stockholder tendering Shares in the Offer who is a U.S. citizen or a U.S. resident alien must, unless an exemption applies, provide the Depositary with such stockholders correct taxpayer identification
number (TIN) on Substitute Form W-9 included below in this Letter of Transmittal and certify under penalties of perjury that such TIN is correct and that such stockholder is not subject to backup withholding. If a stockholder does not
provide such stockholders correct TIN or fails to provide the certifications described above, the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) may impose a penalty on such stockholder and payment of cash to such stockholder in the Offer may
be subject to backup withholding of 30%. 

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of the
backup withholding can be credited against the U.S. federal income tax liability of the person subject to the backup withholding, provided that the required information is given to the IRS. If backup withholding results in an overpayment of tax, a
refund can be obtained by the stockholder upon filing an income tax return. 

The stockholder is required to give
the Depositary the TIN (i.e., social security number or employer identification number) of the record owner(s) of the Shares tendered herewith. If such Shares are held in more than one name, or are not in the name of the actual owner(s), consult the
enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional guidance on which number to report. 

The box in Part 3 of the Substitute Form W-9 may be checked if the tendering stockholder has not been issued a TIN and has applied for a TIN or intends to apply for a TIN in the near future. If the box
in Part 3 is checked, the stockholder or other payee must also complete the Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number below in order to avoid backup withholding. Notwithstanding that the box in Part 3 is checked and the Certificate of
Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number is completed, the Depositary will withhold 30% on all payments made prior to the time a properly certified TIN is provided to the Depositary. However, such amounts will be refunded to such Stockholder if a TIN
is provided to the Depositary within 60 days. 

See the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for more instructions. 

Certain stockholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain
foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding. Tendering stockholders who are not U.S. citizens or U.S. resident aliens should complete and sign the main signature form and a Form W-8BEN, Certificate of Foreign Status of
Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding, copies of which may be obtained from the Depositary, in order to avoid backup withholding. Stockholders should consult their tax advisors about qualifying for exemption from backup withholding and
the procedure for obtaining such exemption. 

10. 
    Lost, Destroyed or Stolen
Certificates
.    If any certificate representing Shares has been lost, destroyed or stolen, the Stockholder should promptly notify the transfer agent for Starbase common stock, American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, at
(877) 777-0800, extension 6820. The stockholder will then be instructed by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company as to the steps that must be taken in order to replace such certificate. This Letter of Transmittal and related documents cannot
be processed until the procedures for replacing lost or destroyed certificates have been completed. 

Important: This Letter of
Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile copy of it) together with any signature guarantees, or in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date, and either certificates for tendered Shares must be received by the Depositary or Shares must be delivered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer described in the Offer to Purchase, in each case prior to the Expiration
Date, or the tendering stockholder must comply with the procedures for guaranteed delivery described in the Offer to Purchase. 

PAYERS NAME: MELLON INVESTOR SERVICES LLC

SUBSTITUTE

Form 
W-9

Department of the Treasury

Internal Revenue Service

Payers Request for Taxpayer

Identification Number (TIN)

Part 1
PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR TIN IN THE BOX AT THE RIGHT AND CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND DATING BELOW.

Social Security Number(s) OR

Employer Identification Number

Part 2
Certification.

Under penalties of perjury, I certify that:

(1)    The number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued for me)
and

(2)    I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding or (b) I have not
been notified by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup
withholding.

Certification Instructions
You must cross out item (2) in Part 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to
backup withholding because of underreporting interest or dividends on your tax returns. However, if after being notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding, you received another notification from the IRS stating that you are no
longer subject to backup withholding, do not cross out such item (2). If you are exempt from backup withholding, check the box in Part 4 above.

Part 3

Awaiting TIN 
 

Part 4

Exempt TIN 
 

Signature:

Date:

NOTE:

Failure to complete and return this Substitute Form W-9 may result in backup withholding of 30% of any payments made to you in the Offer. Please review
the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional information. 

You must complete the following certificate if you checked 

the box in part 3 of Substitute Form W-9.

CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER 

I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number has not been issued to me, and either (a) I have mailed or delivered an application to
receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security Administration Office or (b) I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future. I understand that if I do not provide a
taxpayer identification number to the Depositary, 30% of all reportable payments made to me will be withheld, but will be refunded to me if I provide a certified taxpayer identification number within 60 days. 

Signature    

Date:  

 ,

Manually signed facsimile copies of this Letter of Transmittal will be accepted. This Letter of Transmittal, certificates for Shares and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by
each stockholder or such stockholders broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee to the Depositary at one of its addresses listed below. 

Mellon Investor Services LLC 

By Facsimile Transmission

By Registered or Certified Mail:

By Overnight Courier:

By Hand:

(For Eligible Institutions Only):

(201) 296-4293

For Confirmation
Only:

(201) 296-4860

P.O. Box 3301

South Hackensack, NJ

Attn: Reorganization Department

85 Challenger Road

Mail Stop 
Reorg

Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

Attn: Reorganization
Department

120 Broadway

13th Floor

New York, NY 10271

Questions regarding the Offer, and requests for assistance in
connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone number listed below. Additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or any other materials
related to the Offer may be obtained from the Information Agent and will be furnished promptly free of charge. You may also contact your broker, dealer, bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is: 

17 State Street, 10th Floor 

New York, NY 10004 

Banks and Brokers Call: (212) 440-9800

All Others Call Toll Free: (866) 431-8993 

EX-99.(A)(3)

dex99a3.htm

NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

Notice of Guaranteed Delivery 

for 

Tender of Shares of Common Stock 

of 

Starbase Corporation 

to

Galaxy Acquisition Corp., 

a wholly owned subsidiary of

(not to be used for signature guarantees) 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or a form substantially equivalent hereto, must be used to accept the
Offer (as defined below) (i) if certificates (Share Certificates) representing shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Shares), of Starbase Corporation, a Delaware corporation, are not immediately available, (ii)
if Share Certificates and all other required documents cannot be delivered to Mellon Investor Services Inc., the depositary for the Offer (the Depositary), or (iii) if the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a
timely basis. This form may be delivered by hand to the Depositary or transmitted by facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary and must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution (as defined in Galaxy Acquisition Corp.s Offer to
Purchase, dated October 11, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase)). See Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The
Depositary for the Offer is: 

Mellon Investor Services LLC 

By Facsimile Transmission

By Registered or Certified Mail:

By Overnight Courier:

By Hand:

(For Eligible Institutions Only):

(201) 296-4293

For Confirmation Only:

(201) 296-4860

P.O. Box 3301

South Hackensack, NJ

Attn: Reorganization Department

85 Challenger Road

Mail Stop 
Reorg

Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

Attn: Reorganization
Department

120 Broadway

13th Floor

New York, NY 10271 

Delivery of this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to an address
other than as set forth above or transmission of instructions via a facsimile to a number other than as set forth above will not constitute a valid delivery to the Depositary. 

This form is not to be used to guarantee signatures. If a signature on a Letter of Transmittal for the Offer is required to be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) under the Instructions thereto, such signature guarantee must appear in the applicable space provided in the signature box on such Letter of Transmittal. 

The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver the Letter of
Transmittal or an Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) and shares to the Depositary in the time period shown herein. Failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible Institution. 

The guarantee on the following pages must be completed. 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned hereby tenders to Galaxy Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland
Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and in the Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the
Offer), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of Shares set forth below, all pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase. 

Number of
Shares:  

Certificate Nos. (if
available):  

(Check box if Shares will be tendered by book-entry transfer) 
 
 The Depository Trust Company

Account
Number  

Dated  

Name(s) of Record
Holder(s):  

Please Print

Address(es):  

(Zip Code)

Daytime Area Code and Tel.
No.:  

Signature(s):  

GUARANTEE 

(not to be used for signature guarantee) 

The undersigned, a firm that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program or Nasdaq Stock Market Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program or an eligible guarantor institution,
as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby guarantees to deliver to the Depositary either the certificates representing the Shares tendered herewith, in proper form for transfer, or a
Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) with respect to such Shares, in any such case together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal for the Offer (or a facsimile copy of it), with any
required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message (as defined Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase), and any other required documents, within three trading days (as described in the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer) after the date hereof.

The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the guarantee to the
Depositary and must deliver a Letter of Transmittal for the Offer or an Agents Message and certificates for Shares to the Depositary within the time period shown herein. Failure to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible
Institution. 

Name of
Firm  

Address(es):  

(Zip Code)

Area Code and Tel.
No.:  

Authorized Signature 

Name:  

Please Type or Print

Title:  

Dated:  

NOTE:

DO NOT SEND SHARE CERTIFICATES WITH THIS NOTICE. SHARE CERTIFICATES        SHOULD BE SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL FOR THE OFFER. 

EX-99.(A)(4)

dex99a4.htm

LETTER TO BROKERS, DEALERS

LETTER TO BROKERS, DEALERS

Offer to Purchase for Cash 

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 

of 

Starbase Corporation 

at 

$2.75 Net Per Share 

by 

Galaxy
Acquisition Corp., 

a wholly owned subsidiary of 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

October 11, 2002 

To Brokers, Dealers, Banks, 

Trust Companies and other Nominees: 

We have been engaged by Galaxy Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Borland), to act as the information agent (the Information Agent) in connection with the
Purchasers offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Shares), of Starbase Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Starbase), at a price of $2.75 per share (the
Offer Price), net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchasers Offer to Purchase, dated October 11, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase), and in the
Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the Offer). Please furnish copies of the enclosed materials to those of your clients for whom you hold Shares that are registered
in your name or in the name of your nominee. 

Holders of Shares who wish to tender their Shares but whose
certificates for such Shares (the Share Certificates) are not immediately available, who cannot complete the procedures for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, or who cannot deliver all other required documents to Mellon Investor
Services LLC (the Depositary) prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) must tender their Shares according to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in the Offer to Purchase. 

Enclosed herewith are copies of the following documents: 

1.    The Offer to Purchase dated October 11, 2002; 

2.    The Letter of Transmittal to be used by stockholders of Starbase to tender Shares in the Offer (manually signed facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal may also be used
to tender Shares); 

3.    A letter to stockholders of Starbase from the President and Chief
Executive Officer of Starbases board of directors, accompanied by Starbases Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Starbase, which includes the recommendation of
Starbases board of directors that Starbase stockholders accept the Offer and tender their Shares to the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer; 

4.    A printed form of letter that may be sent to your clients for whose account you hold Shares that are registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, with space
provided for obtaining such clients instructions with regard to the Offer; 

5.    Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the
Offer if Share Certificates are not immediately available or if such certificates and all other required documents cannot be delivered to the Depositary or if the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis;

6.    Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9;
and 

7.    Return envelope addressed to Mellon Investor Services LLC as the Depositary for the
Offer. 

We urge you to contact your clients promptly. Please note that the Offer and withdrawal rights will
expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, November 8, 2002, unless the Offer is extended. 

The
Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), that number of Shares that, together
with the Shares then solely beneficially owned by the Purchaser and Borland (if any), represent a majority of the number of shares constituting the sum of all then outstanding shares of Starbase common stock, plus all shares of Starbase common stock
issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options with a per-share exercise price that is equal to or less than $2.75 (which number of shares is referred to as Starbases Adjusted Outstanding Shares herein and which
condition is referred to as the Minimum Condition herein). All of Starbases directors and certain of its executive officers have entered into a Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002, with Borland and the
Purchaser (the Tender and Voting Agreement) pursuant to which they have agreed, in their capacity as stockholders of Starbase, to tender all of their shares of Starbase common stock, as well as any additional shares of Starbase common
stock which they may acquire (pursuant to Starbase stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. As of October 8, 2002, such directors and executive officers held in the aggregate 81,985 shares of Starbase common stock, which
represented approximately 0.94% of Starbases Adjusted Outstanding Shares as of such date. The Offer is subject to certain other conditions contained in Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 8, 2002 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Borland, the
Purchaser and Starbase pursuant to which, following the purchase of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and into Starbase (the Merger), with
Starbase surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Borland, the Purchaser, Starbase or any subsidiary of Borland or Starbase, or by stockholders, if
any, who are entitled to and properly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the price per Share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

Starbases board of directors has, at a meeting held on October 8, 2002, by the unanimous vote of all directors of Starbase, (i)
determined that the Merger Agreement is advisable and is fair to, and in the best interests of, the stockholders of Starbase; (ii) approved the Offer and recommended to the stockholders of Starbase that they accept the Offer and tender their shares
of Starbase common stock pursuant thereto; (iii) recommended that the stockholders of Starbase vote in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement at any meeting of stockholders of Starbase that may be called to consider adopting the Merger Agreement;
(iv) approved the Merger Agreement; and (v) acknowledged and approved the Tender and Voting Agreement. Accordingly, the Starbase board of directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders of Starbase tender their shares of Starbase common stock
pursuant to the Offer and vote to adopt the Merger Agreement at any meeting of stockholders of Starbase that may be called to consider such adoption. 

On the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, promptly after the Expiration Date of the Offer, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, all Shares validly tendered to the
Purchaser and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer. To validly tender Shares in the Offer (i) the certificate(s) representing the tendered Shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it),
properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, (ii) in the case of a tender effected pursuant to
the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase (a) either the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or

an Agents Message, (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer, and (b) the Shares
to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date
of the Offer or (iii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date of the Offer. 

Neither the Purchaser nor Borland will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Depositary and the Information Agent, as
described in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of Shares in connection with the Offer. You will be reimbursed by the Purchaser upon request for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by you in forwarding
the enclosed materials to your customers. The Purchaser will pay or cause to be paid all stock transfer taxes applicable to its purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal.

Questions regarding the Offer, and requests for additional copies of the enclosed material, may be directed to
the Information Agent at the address and telephone number listed on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase. 

Very truly yours, 

GEORGESON SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS INC. 

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL RENDER YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON THE AGENT OF THE PURCHASER,
BORLAND, THE DEPOSITARY OR THE INFORMATION AGENT OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER NOT CONTAINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE OR THE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL FOR THE OFFER. 

EX-99.(A)(5)

dex99a5.htm

LETTER TO CLIENTS

LETTER TO CLIENTS

Offer to Purchase for Cash 

All
Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 

of 

Starbase Corporation

at 

$2.75 Net Per Share 

by 

Galaxy Acquisition Corp., 

a wholly owned subsidiary of 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 2002, UNLESS THE
OFFER IS EXTENDED.

October 11, 2002 

To Our Clients: 

Enclosed for your consideration is an Offer to Purchase, dated October 11, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase), and the Letter of Transmittal (which, together with amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the
Offer) relating to the Offer by Galaxy Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Borland), to purchase all of
the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Shares), of Starbase Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Starbase), at a price of $2.75 per share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer. Also enclosed for your consideration is a letter to the stockholders of Starbase from the President and Chief Executive Officer of Starbase accompanied by Starbases
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9. 

We (or our nominees) are the holder of record of Shares
held by us for your account. A tender of such Shares can be made only by us as the holder of record and pursuant to your instructions. The enclosed Letter of Transmittal is furnished to you for your information only and cannot be used to tender
Shares held by us for your account. 

We request instructions as to whether you wish to tender any or all of the
Shares held by us for your account pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer. 

Your attention is
directed to the following: 

1.    The offer price for the Offer is $2.75 per Share, net to the
seller in cash (the Offer Price), without interest thereon, upon the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer. 

2.    The Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares. 

3.    The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things,
there being validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) that number of Shares that, together with the Shares then solely beneficially owned by the Purchaser
and Borland (if any), represent a majority of the number of shares constituting the sum of all then outstanding shares of Starbase common stock, plus all shares of Starbase common stock issuable upon the exercise of all then outstanding options with
a per-share exercise price that is equal to or less than the Offer Price (which number of shares is referred to as Starbases Adjusted Outstanding Shares herein and which condition is referred to as the Minimum Condition
herein). All of Starbases directors and certain of its executive officers have entered into a Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002, with Borland and the Purchaser (the Tender and Voting Agreement) pursuant to
which they have agreed, in their capacity as stockholders of Starbase, to tender all of their shares of Starbase common stock, as well as any additional shares of Starbase common stock that they may acquire (pursuant to Starbase stock options or
otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. The Offer is subject to certain other conditions contained in Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase. 

4.    The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 8, 2002 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Borland, the Purchaser and
Starbase pursuant to which, following the purchase of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and into Starbase (the Merger), with Starbase
surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland. As a result of the Merger, each outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Borland, the Purchaser, Starbase or any wholly owned subsidiary of Borland or Starbase, or by stockholders,
if any, who are entitled to and properly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the price per Share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon. 

5.    Starbases board of directors has, at a meeting held on October 8, 2002, by the unanimous vote of all
directors of Starbase, (i) determined that the Merger Agreement is advisable and is fair to, and in the best interests of, the stockholders of Starbase; (ii) approved the Offer and recommended to the stockholders of Starbase that they accept the
Offer and tender their shares of Starbase common stock pursuant thereto; (iii) recommended that the stockholders of Starbase vote in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement at any meeting of stockholders of Starbase that may be called to consider
adopting the Merger Agreement; (iv) approved the Merger Agreement; and (v) acknowledged and approved the Tender and Voting Agreement. Accordingly, the Starbase board of directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders of Starbase tender their
shares of Starbase common stock pursuant to the Offer and vote to adopt the Merger Agreement at any meeting of stockholders of Starbase that may be called to consider such adoption. 

6.    
The Offer and withdrawal rights expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, November 8, 2002 (the Expiration Date),
unless the Offer is extended by the Purchaser, in which event the term Expiration Date shall mean the latest time at which the Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire.

7.    Any stock transfer taxes applicable to a sale of Shares to the Purchaser will be borne by the Purchaser, except as otherwise set forth in
Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal. 

8.    Tendering stockholders will not be
obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions to the Depositary or the Information Agent, or except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer, transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by the Purchaser in the Offer.
However, federal income tax backup withholding at a rate of 30% may be required, unless the required taxpayer identification information is provided or an exemption is available. See the Letter of Transmittal for the Offer for more information.

Your instructions to us should be forwarded promptly to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf prior to the
Expiration Date. 

If you wish to have us tender any or all of the Shares held by us for your account, please so
instruct us by completing, executing and returning to us the instruction form. An envelope to return your instructions to us is enclosed. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise specified on the
detachable part hereof. 
Your instructions should be forwarded to us in ample time to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf prior to the Expiration Date.

On the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, promptly after the
Expiration Date, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, all Shares validly tendered to the Purchaser in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date. To validly tender Shares in the Offer (i) the certificate(s)
representing the tendered Shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees and any other required documents, must be received by the
Depositary for the Offer prior to the Expiration Date, (ii) in the case of a tender effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase (a) either the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile copy of it), properly
completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an Agents Message described in the Offer to Purchase, and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary for the Offer prior to the Expiration
Date, and (b) the Shares to be tendered must be delivered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation described in the Offer to Purchase must be received by the Depositary for the
Offer prior to the Expiration Date or (iii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures described in the Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date. 

Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price of the Shares to be paid by the Purchaser, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in
making such payment. 

The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of)
holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. In those jurisdictions where securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be
made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of the Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction to be designated by the Purchaser. 

INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE 

FOR CASH ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

OF STARBASE CORPORATION 

The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter, the Offer to Purchase of Galaxy Acquisition Corp., dated October 11, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase), and
the Letter of Transmittal relating to shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Shares), of Starbase Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

This will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below (or, if no number is indicated below, all Shares) held by you for the account of the undersigned, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal. 

Number of Shares to be Tendered
(1): 

Shares 

SIGN HERE 

Signature(s)

Please Type or Print Name(s)

Please Type or Print Address(es)

Area Code and Telephone Number

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security No.

Dated:                    , 2002 

(1)    Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all your Shares are to be
tendered.

EX-99.(A)(6)

dex99a6.htm

GUIDELINES ON FORM W-9

GUIDELINES ON FORM W-9

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION 

NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 

Guidelines for Determining
the Proper Identification Number for the Payee (You) to Give the Payer
.Social Security numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens: e.g. 000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by only one hyphen:
e.g., 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the number to give the payer. 

For this type of account:

Give the
SOCIAL SECURITY
number of  

  1.   An individuals account

The individual

  2.   Two or more individuals (joint account)

The actual owner of the account or, if combined funds, any one of the individuals(1)

  3.   Custodian account of a minor (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)

The minor(2)

  4.  a.    The usual revocable savings trust account (grantor is also
trustee)

The grantor-trustee(1)

       b.   So-called trust account that is not a legal or valid trust
under State law

The actual owner(1)

  5.   Sole proprietorship account

The owner(3)

For this type of account:

Give the EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION
number of  

  6.   Sole proprietorship account

The owner(3)

  7.   A valid trust, estate, or pension trust

The legal entity(4)

  8.   Corporate account

The corporation

  9.   Partnership account held in the name of the business

The partnership

10.   Association, club, religious, charitable, educational or other tax-exempt organization

The organization

11.   A broker or registered nominee

The broker or nominee

12.   Account with the Department of Agriculture in the name of a public entity (such as a State or local
government, school district, or prison) that receives agricultural program payments

The public entity

(1)

List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. 

(2)

Circle the minors name and furnish the minors social security number. 

(3)

You must show your individual name but, you may also enter your business or doing business as name. You may use either your social security number
or your employer identification number (if you have one). 

(4)

List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust. (Do not furnish the taxpayer identification number of the personal representative
or trustee unless the legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.) 

Note:

If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be considered to be that of the first name listed. 

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION 

NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 

Page 2 

Obtaining a Number 

If you dont have a taxpayer identification number or you dont know your number,
obtain Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number, at the local office of the Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and apply for a number.

Payees Exempt from Backup Withholding 

Payees
specifically exempted from backup withholding on ALL payments include the following: 



A corporation. 



A financial institution. 



An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a), or an individual retirement plan. 



The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 



A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any subdivision or instrumentality thereof. 



A foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 



An international organization or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 



A registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the United States or a possession of the United States. 



A real estate investment trust. 



A common trust fund operated by a bank under Section 584(a). 



An exempt charitable remainder trust, or a non-exempt trust described in section 4947(a)(1) . 



An entity registered at all times under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 



A foreign central bank of issue. 

Payments of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 



Payments to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under Section 1441. 



Payments to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the United States and which have at least one nonresident alien partner. 



Payments of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in money. 



Payments made by certain foreign organizations. 



Payments made to a nominee. 

Payments of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the following: 



Payments of interest on obligations issued by individuals. 
Note: 
You may be subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more and is
paid in the course of the payers trade or business and you have not provided your correct taxpayer identification number to the payer. 



Payments of tax-exempt interest (including exempt-interest dividends under section 852). 



Payments described in Section 6049(b)(5) to nonresident aliens. 



Payments on tax-free covenant bonds under Section 1451. 



Payments made by certain foreign organizations. 



Payments made to a nominee. 

Exempt payees described above should file Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous backup withholding. FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYER. FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE EXEMPT ON THE FORM, AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYER. IF
THE PAYMENTS ARE INTEREST, DIVIDENDS, OR PATRONAGE DIVIDENDS, ALSO SIGN AND DATE THE FORM. 

Certain payments other than interest
dividends, and patronage dividends, that are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup withholding. For details, see the regulations under Sections 6041, 6041A(a), 6045, and 6050A. 

Privacy Act Notice

Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividends, interest, or
other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payers who must report the payments to IRS. IRS uses the numbers for identification purposes. Payers must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are required to file tax returns.
Payers must generally withhold 30% of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a payer. Certain penalties may also apply. 

Penalties 

(1)  PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FURNISH TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER
If you fail to furnish your taxpayer identification number to a payer, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your
failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 

(2)  CIVIL PENALTY FOR FALSE INFORMATION WITH RESPECT
TO WITHHOLDING
If you make a false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no imposition of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500. 

(3)  CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR FALSIFYING INFORMATION
Falsifying certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including fines and/or imprisonment.

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE. 

EX-99.(A)(7)

dex99a7.htm

JOINT PRESS RELEASE

Joint Press Release

BORLAND CONTACTS:

STARBASE CONTACT:

Investors

Media

Carolyn Bass

Lynne Farris

Becky Wood DiSorbo

Market Street Partners

(831) 431-1868

(831) 431-1894

(415) 321-2444

lfarris@borland.com

bwood@borland.com

starbase-ir@marketstreetpartners.com

Borland Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire 

Starbase Corporation in an All-Cash Tender Offer 

Will Expand Borlands Presence in the Application Development Lifecycle Market 

Conference
Call Scheduled for October 9, 2002, 7 a.m. Pacific Time 

SCOTTS VALLEY and SANTA ANA,
Calif.
October 9, 2002Borland Software Corporation (Nasdaq NM: BORL) and Starbase Corporation (Nasdaq SC: SBAS) today jointly announced they have signed a definitive agreement pursuant to which Borland will acquire Starbase in an
all-cash tender offer for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $24 million or $2.75 per share. Starbases products will complement and expand Borlands suite of products and address a market estimated to reach $1 billion by 2004,
according to industry research firm META Group. 

Headquartered in Santa Ana, California, Starbase is a leading
provider of software configuration management technology. With more than 4,200 customers worldwide, Starbase Corporation delivers an end-to-end software lifecycle solution covering requirements definition and management, application software and
content development, and change and configuration management. 

Borlands President and CEO Dale L. Fuller
said, As a leader in software development, Borland solutions accelerate the time it takes to create business applications so that enterprises can compete more effectively. We believe time-to-market demands will continue to compress the
development process, making integrated solutions paramount. The acquisition of Starbase advances our goal of integrating all phases of software development into a single, seamless solution that unifies the design, development, testing, and
deployment phases of the software application lifecycle. 

We are strengthening Borlands ability to
provide customers with platform-independent technologies that maximize team productivity, ensure higher-quality code, and reduce total cost of ownership, added Mr. Fuller. At the end of the day, whether its Java, Linux, or .NET,
Borland helps enterprises make it faster and better. 

President and CEO of Starbase Corporation James Harrer
commented, Borland is a market leader in software development, and it is an exciting time for us to join forces with a growing company that shares our commitment to development-centric software solutions. Borland has the management team,
financial strength, and worldwide distribution network to truly leverage our technology into 

Borland to Acquire Starbase Corporation 

October 9, 2002 

Page 2 

the market. As Borland integrates Starbases complementary technologies, we will enable software development teams to enhance productivity across
all phases of the application lifecycle. We are very excited about the opportunities presented by this transaction. 

Borlands Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Frederick A. Ball said, Starbase is recognized for its market-leading solutions in the areas of requirements management, version control, collaboration, and
defect tracking. By tightly integrating Starbases technology with Borlands, we believe we can create a more competitive solution that meets the needs of a growing market. Through the integration of Starbases organization and
leveraging their assets, we believe we can achieve synergies that will deliver higher revenues, operating income, and earnings. 

Subsequent to closing, Starbases product lines will be distributed globally through Borlands direct and indirect channels. 

With more than $305 million in cash and equivalents at June 30, 2002, it is our goal to continue to employ these valuable assets in ways that will enhance shareholder value. We believe that
thoughtful, well-executed acquisitions will provide new growth opportunities that enhance our existing businesses, further strengthen our market leadership, and help us achieve sustainable, long-term, and profitable growth, concluded Mr. Ball.

About the Transaction 

Under the terms of the agreement, Borland will commence an all-cash tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Starbase at a price of $2.75 per share, followed by a merger in which the
holders of the remaining outstanding shares of Starbase common stock will receive the same cash price per share. Borland has also agreed to make available to Starbase bridge financing of $2 million to fund its operations until the transaction is
completed. 

The acquisition has been approved by the boards of directors of Borland and Starbase and is subject to
customary closing conditions. 

Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. acted as Borlands exclusive financial advisor,
and SG Cowen acted as Starbases exclusive financial advisor with respect to this transaction. 

Forward Guidance

The impact of this acquisition on Borlands 2002 fourth quarter results will depend on the timing of the
close. The company expects to incur acquisition and transaction costs of approximately $7 million to $12 million, which will be included as part of the acquisition accounting. 

Assuming the acquisition is completed in the 2002 fourth quarter, Borland expects it to contribute approximately $30 to $35 million to 2003 revenue and to be accretive to
earnings per share by the second quarter, excluding acquisition-related costs. More detailed guidance will be provided on Borlands third quarter conference call on October 24. 

Conference Call Information 

Borland Software Corporation
will host a teleconference and simultaneous Webcast today at 7 a.m. Pacific Time. To access the live Webcast, please visit 
www.companyboardroom.com
 or Borlands 

Borland to Acquire Starbase Corporation 

October 9, 2002 

Page 3 

Website at 
www.borland.com

at least 30 minutes prior to the call
 to download any necessary audio or plug-in software. A replay of the
audio-cast will be accessible by dialing (719) 457-0820 and using passcode 768079. The Webcast will be archived for two weeks and available at 
www.borland.com
. 

About Starbase 

Starbase Corporation delivers an end-to-end
enterprise software lifecycle solution covering requirements definition and management, code and content development, and change and configuration management. Starbase solutions, including CaliberRM and StarTeam, successfully drive development from
concept to completion by implementing a requirements-driven development process that provides full visibility, traceability, and collaboration throughout the software development lifecycle. Using Starbase, enterprises can use a custom process
framework to control the development process, manage key software disciplines and ensure fast adoption without impacting the development process or forcing organizational change. With approximately 240 employees, Starbase Corporation is
headquartered in Santa Ana, California. To learn more, visit 
http://www.starbase.com
. 

About Borland 

Borland Software Corporation is a leading provider of technology used to develop, deploy, integrate, and manage software
applications. Delivering best-in-class technology solutions dedicated to interoperability, Borland allows enterprises of all sizes to move into Web based computing while leveraging legacy systems. From the Fortune 1000 to the Borland Developer
Network comprised of millions of developers around the world, Borland provides customers the freedom to develop applications, deploy them anywhere, and integrate and manage them across the enterprise. Borland solutions enable organizations to
increase productivity and deliver higher performance projects faster and on budget, while lowering total cost of ownership. 

Founded in 1983, Borland is headquartered in Scotts Valley, California with operations worldwide. To learn more, visit Borland at http://www.borland.com, the Borland Developer Network at 
http://bdn.borland.com
, or call Borland
at (800) 632-2864. 

All Borland brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Borland
Software Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other marks are the property of their respective owners. 

Additional Information and Where to Find It 

This announcement is neither an offer to
purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell Starbase shares. The tender offer will only be made through an offer to purchase, letter of transmittal and related tender offer materials. At the time the expected tender offer is commenced, Borland
will file these tender offer materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission and Starbase will file a solicitation/recommendation statement with respect to the offer. The tender offer materials and the solicitation/recommendation statement
will contain important information. Stockholders are urged to read this information carefully before making any decisions about the tender offer. The tender offer materials, certain other offer materials, and the solicitation/recommendation
statement will be sent free of charge to all stockholders of Starbase. All of these materials will also be available free of charge at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. 

Borland to Acquire Starbase Corporation 

October 9, 2002 

Page 4 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This release contains forward-looking statements. All statements that are not historical are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may relate to, but are not limited to, Borlands future financial and
operating results, benefits and synergies of the transaction, future opportunities for the combined company, and the growth of the market for its solutions. Borlands and Starbases actual results could differ materially from those
contained in the forward-looking statements, which are based on current expectations of Borland and Starbase management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the satisfaction of the conditions to
closing, and, following the consummation of the merger, Borlands ability to successfully integrate Starbases operations and employees, general economic factors and capital market conditions, general industry trends, the size and timing
of enterprise-level sales, the potential effects on the combined company of competition in computer software product and services markets, growth rates in the software and professional services markets that it participates in, rapid technological
change that can adversely affect the demand for its products, shifts in customer demand, market acceptance of new or enhanced products or services developed, marketed or sold by the combined company, delays in scheduled product availability dates,
open source technologies that compete with each companys products, actions or announcements by competitors, software errors, reduction in sales to or loss of any significant customers, each companys ability to protect its intellectual
property rights, the dependence on technologies licensed from third parties, each companys ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, and each companys ability to contain costs. These and other risks may be detailed from time to
time in Borlands and Starbases periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, the latest Annual Report and the latest Quarterly Report filed by each, copies of which may be obtained
from 
www.sec.gov
. Borland and Starbase are under no obligation (and expressly disclaim any such obligation) to update or alter any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

# # # 

EX-99.(A)(8)

dex99a8.htm

SUMMARY NEWSPAPER ADVERTISEMENT

Summary Newspaper Advertisement

Exhibit (a)(8) 

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Starbase Corporation common stock. The Offer (as defined below)
described herein is made solely by the Offer to Purchase dated October 11, 2002, and the related Letter of Transmittal and any amendments or supplements thereto, each of which is being delivered to holders of Starbase common stock. The Offer is not
being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of shares of Starbase common stock in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction
or any administrative or judicial action pursuant thereto. The Purchaser (as defined below) may, in its discretion, take such action as it may deem necessary to make the Offer in any jurisdiction and extend the Offer to holders of shares of Starbase
common stock in such jurisdiction. In those jurisdictions where securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of the Purchaser by one or more registered
brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction to be designated by the Purchaser. 

Notice of Offer
to Purchase for Cash 

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 

of 

Starbase Corporation 

by

Galaxy Acquisition Corp., 

a wholly owned subsidiary of

at 

$2.75 Net Per Share

Galaxy Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Borland Software Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Borland), is offering to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Starbase Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Starbase), at
a price of $2.75 per share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon (the Offer Price), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated October 11, 2002 (the Offer to
Purchase), and the related Letter of Transmittal which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the Offer described herein. Tendering Starbase stockholders whose shares of Starbase common stock
are registered in their own names and who tender their shares directly to Mellon Investor Services LLC (the Depositary) will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions in connection with the Offer or, except as set forth in
Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the sale of shares in the Offer. Stockholders of Starbase who hold their shares of Starbase common stock through brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies or other nominees should consult
with such institutions to determine whether they will charge any service fees for tendering such stockholders shares to the Purchaser in the Offer. The Purchaser is offering to acquire all of the shares of Starbase common stock as a first step
in acquiring the entire equity interest in, and thus control of, Starbase. Following the purchase of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer, the Purchaser intends to complete the merger described below to acquire all of the outstanding shares
of Starbase common stock that are not tendered to and purchased by the Purchaser in the Offer. 

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED. 

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other
things, there being validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in accordance with the terms of the Offer prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) that number of shares of Starbase common stock that, together with the shares of Starbase
common stock then solely beneficially owned

by the Purchaser and Borland (if any), represents a majority of all then outstanding shares of Starbase common stock, including all shares of Starbase common stock issuable upon the exercise of
all then outstanding options to purchase shares of Starbase common stock with a per share exercise price that is equal to or less than the Offer Price (which shares are referred to as Starbases Adjusted Outstanding Shares herein
and which condition is referred to as the Minimum Condition herein). All of Starbases directors and certain of its executive officers have entered into a Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2002, with Borland and
Purchaser (the Tender and Voting Agreement) pursuant to which they have agreed, in their capacity as stockholders of Starbase, to tender all of their shares of Starbase common stock, as well as any additional shares of Starbase common
stock which they may acquire (pursuant to Starbase stock options or otherwise), to the Purchaser in the Offer. As of October 8, 2002, such directors and executive officers held an aggregate of 81,985 shares of Starbase common stock, which
represented approximately 0.94% of Starbases Adjusted Outstanding Shares as of such date. The Offer is also subject to other conditions. See Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 8, 2002, by and among Borland, the Purchaser and Starbase (the Merger
Agreement) pursuant to which, following the purchase of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and into Starbase (the Merger), with
Starbase surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland. Upon the completion of the Merger, each outstanding share of Starbase common stock (other than shares owned by Borland, the Purchaser, Starbase or any wholly owned subsidiary of
Borland or Starbase, or by stockholders, if any, who are entitled to and properly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the price per share paid in the Offer in cash, without interest thereon.

Starbases board of directors has, at a meeting duly called and held on October 8, 2002, by the unanimous
vote of all directors of Starbase, (i) determined that the Merger Agreement is advisable and is fair to, and in the best interests of, the stockholders of Starbase; (ii) approved the Offer and recommended to the stockholders of Starbase that they
accept the Offer and tender their shares of Starbase common stock pursuant thereto; (iii) recommended that the stockholders of Starbase vote in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement at any meeting of stockholders of Starbase that may be called
to consider adopting the Merger Agreement; (iv) approved the Merger Agreement; and (v) acknowledged and approved the Tender and Voting Agreement. Accordingly, the Starbase board of directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders of Starbase
tender their shares of Starbase common stock pursuant to the Offer and vote to adopt the Merger Agreement at any meeting of stockholders of Starbase that may be called to consider such adoption. 

On the terms of and subject to the conditions to the Offer, promptly after the Expiration Date, the Purchaser will accept for payment, and
pay for, all shares of Starbase common stock validly tendered to the Purchaser in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date. The Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, such shares of
Starbase common stock that are validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date as, if and when the Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of the Purchasers acceptance for payment of such
shares. Payment for shares of Starbase common stock that are accepted for payment in the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent for stockholders tendering shares in the Offer for the
purpose of receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting payment to such stockholders whose shares of Starbase common stock have been accepted for payment in the Offer. For a stockholder to validly tender shares of Starbase common stock in
the Offer (i) the certificate(s) representing the tendered shares, together with the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees and any other required documents, must be received by
the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, (ii) in the case of a tender effected pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures (a) either a Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, together with any required signature
guarantees, or an Agents Message (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase), and any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, and (b) the shares to be tendered must be delivered
pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in

Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, or (iii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures
described in the Offer to Purchase prior to the Expiration Date. 

Under no circumstances will interest be paid
on the Offer Price for shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer, regardless of any extension of, or amendment to, the Offer or any delay in paying for such shares. 

For purposes of the Offer and as used herein and in the Offer to Purchase, the term Expiration Date means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday,
November 8, 2002, unless and until the Purchaser extends the period of time during which the Offer is open in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, in which event the term Expiration Date will mean the latest time and date on which the
Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, will expire. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser is obligated to extend the Offer for 15 business days if all of the conditions to the Offer, other than the Minimum Condition and conditions
relating to any foreign antitrust approvals and required consents, have been satisfied by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, November 8, 2002, the initial Expiration Date of the Offer, provided that such 15 business day extension may be
for a single 15 business day period or for two or more shorter periods as the Purchaser shall determine, and, if the Minimum Condition is satisfied at the end of any such period, the Purchaser will not be required to further extend the Offer.

If the Purchaser extends the Offer, the Purchaser will inform the Depositary of that fact and will make a public
announcement of the extension not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date. During any such extension, all shares of Starbase common stock previously tendered and not withdrawn
will remain subject to the Offer, subject to the right of a tendering stockholder to withdraw such shares. Shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures described in the Offer to Purchase
at any time prior to the Expiration Date, and shares that are tendered may also be withdrawn at any time after December 10, 2002 unless accepted for payment on or before that date. In the event that the Purchaser provides for a subsequent offering
period following the completion of the Offer, (i) no withdrawal rights will apply to shares tendered during such subsequent offering period and (ii) no withdrawal rights will apply to shares that were previously tendered in the Offer and accepted
for payment. 

For a withdrawal of shares of Starbase common stock previously tendered in the Offer to be
effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses listed on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase, specifying the name of the person having tendered the shares to
be withdrawn, the number of shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the shares to be withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who tendered the shares. If certificates for shares have been delivered or otherwise
identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such shares have been tendered by a financial institution
(including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, Nasdaq Stock Market Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion
Program (each an Eligible Institution), any and all signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If shares have been tendered pursuant to the book-entry transfer procedures described in Section 2
of the Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) to be credited with the withdrawn shares and otherwise
comply with the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedures. Withdrawals of tenders of shares may not be rescinded, and any shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. Withdrawn shares may
be re-tendered in the Offer, however, by following one of the procedures described in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase at any time prior to the Expiration Date. All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of
withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser in its sole discretion, which determination will be final and binding. None of the Purchaser, Borland, Starbase, the

Depositary, Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., the information agent for the Offer (the Information Agent), or any other person will be under any duty to give notification of
any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification. 

Under Rule 14d-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and subject to the conditions described in the Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser may elect to provide for a subsequent offering period, immediately following the
Expiration Date, of not less than three business days nor more than twenty business days in length. If provided, a subsequent offering period would be an additional period of time, following the Expiration Date and the acceptance for payment of, and
the payment for, any shares of Starbase common stock that are validly tendered in the Offer and not properly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date, during which holders of shares of Starbase common stock that were not previously tendered in the
Offer may tender such shares to the Purchaser in exchange for the Offer Price on the same terms and conditions that applied to the Offer. A subsequent offering period is not the same as an extension of the Offer, which will have been previously
completed if a subsequent offering period is provided. The Purchaser will accept for payment, and pay for, any shares of Starbase common stock that are validly tendered to the Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if provided, as promptly
as practicable after any such shares are validly tendered to the Purchaser during such subsequent offering period, for the same price paid to holders of shares of Starbase common stock that were validly tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn prior
to the Expiration Date, net to the holders thereof in cash. Holders of shares of Starbase common stock that are validly tendered to the Purchaser during a subsequent offering period, if provided, will not have the right to withdraw such tendered
shares. 

Starbase has provided the Purchaser with a list, and security position listings, of Starbases
stockholders for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of shares of Starbase common stock. The Offer to Purchase, and the Letter of Transmittal and other materials related to the Offer will be mailed to record holders of shares of
Starbase common stock, and will be furnished to brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and other nominees whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the list of Starbases stockholders, or, if applicable, who are listed as
participants in a clearing agencys security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of shares of Starbase common stock. 

The receipt of cash in the Offer or the Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and may also be a taxable
transaction under applicable state, local or foreign income or other tax laws. Generally, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. stockholder tendering shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer will recognize gain or loss equal to the
difference between the amount of cash received by the stockholder in the Offer or the Merger and the stockholders aggregate adjusted tax basis in the shares tendered by the stockholder and purchased in the Offer or converted into cash in the
Merger, as the case may be. If shares of Starbase common stock that are tendered in the Offer are held by a tendering U.S. stockholder as capital assets, gain or loss recognized by such stockholder will be capital gain or loss, which will be
long-term capital gain or loss if such stockholders holding period for such shares exceeds one year. All stockholders should consult with their own tax advisors as to the particular tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger to them,
including the applicability and effect of the alternative minimum tax and any state, local or foreign income and other tax laws and of changes in such tax laws. For a more complete description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
Offer and the Merger, see Section 5 of the Offer to Purchase. 

The Purchaser expressly reserves the right (but
shall not be obligated), at any time and from time to time, to increase the Offer Price or to make any other changes in the terms of and conditions to the Offer, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, which provides that certain conditions
may not be waived and certain modifications may not be made without the consent of Starbase. 

The information
required to be disclosed by paragraph (d)(1) of Rule 14d-6 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal contain important information
and should be read carefully and in their entirety before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. 

Questions regarding the Offer, and requests for assistance in connection with the Offer, may be directed to the Information Agent as set forth below. Requests for copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and all
other materials related to the Offer may be directed to the Information Agent, as set forth below, or brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies or other nominees, and copies will be furnished promptly at the Purchasers expense. No fees or
commissions will be payable to brokers, dealers or other persons (other than the Information Agent) for soliciting tenders of shares of Starbase common stock in the Offer. 

The Information Agent for the Offer is: 

17 State Street, 10th Floor 

New York, NY 10004 

Banks and Brokers Call: (212) 440-9800 

All Others Call Toll Free: (866) 431-8993 

October 11, 2002

EX-99.(A)(9)

dex99a9.htm

PRESS RELEASE DATED OCT 11 2002

Press Release Dated Oct 11 2002

BORLAND CONTACTS: 

Investors

Media

Lynne Farris

Becky Wood DiSorbo

(831) 431-1868

(831) 431-1894

lfarris@borland.com

bwood@borland.com

BORLAND COMMENCES TENDER OFFER 

FOR STARBASE CORPORATION 

SCOTTS VALLEY, Calif. 
October 11, 2002
  Borland Software Corporation (Nasdaq NM: BORL) today announced that Galaxy Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Borland, has commenced a tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of Starbase Corporation
(Nasdaq SC: SBAS) for $2.75 net per share. The offer and withdrawal rights are scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, November 8, 2002, unless the offer is extended by Borland. 

The offer is being made in accordance with the previously announced merger agreement among Borland Software Corporation, Galaxy Acquisition Corp., and Starbase
Corporation. The offer is subject to certain conditions, including the tender of a majority of the outstanding Starbase shares. 

The
offer is being made pursuant to a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule T-O to be filed today by Borland with the Securities and Exchange Commission and mailed to Starbase stockholders. 

Mellon Investor Services LLC is the depositary for the tender offer, and Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. is the information agent for the tender offer. 

Additional Information and Where to Find It 

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell Starbase shares. The tender offer will only be made through an offer to purchase, letter of transmittal and related tender offer materials.
Today, Borland will file these tender offer materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and Starbase will file a solicitation/recommendation statement with respect to the offer. The tender offer materials and the
solicitation/recommendation statement contain important information. Stockholders are urged to read this information carefully before making any decisions about the tender offer. The tender offer materials, certain other offer materials, and the
solicitation/recommendation statement will be sent free of charge to all stockholders of Starbase. All of these materials will also be available free of charge at the SECs Website at 
www.sec.gov
 or by contacting the Information Agent,
Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., at  212-440-9800 or 866-431-8993. 

About Borland 

Borland Software Corporation is a leading provider of technology used to develop, deploy, integrate, and manage software applications. Delivering best-in-class
technology solutions dedicated to interoperability, Borland allows enterprises of all sizes to move into Web-based computing while leveraging legacy systems. From the Fortune 1000 to the Borland Developer Network comprised of millions of developers
around the world, Borland provides customers the freedom to develop applications, deploy them anywhere, and integrate and manage them across the enterprise. Borland solutions enable organizations to increase productivity and deliver
higher-performance projects faster and on budget, while lowering total cost of ownership. 

Founded in 1983, Borland is headquartered in Scotts Valley, California with operations worldwide. To
learn more, visit Borland at http://www.borland.com, the Borland Developer Network at 
http://bdn.borland.com
, or call Borland at (800) 632-2864. 

All Borland brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Borland Software Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other marks are the property of their respective owners. 

EX-99.(D)(1)

dex99d1.htm

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

EXECUTION COPY 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

among:

B
ORLAND
 S
OFTWARE
 C
ORPORATION
, 

a Delaware corporation; 

G
ALAXY

A
CQUISITION
 C
ORP
., 

a Delaware corporation; and 

S
TARBASE
 C
ORPORATION
, 

a Delaware corporation

Dated as of October 8,

S
ECTION
 1. T
HE
 O
FFER

1.1  

Conduct of the Offer 

1.2  

Company Actions 

1.3  

Directors 

S
ECTION
 2. M
ERGER
 T
RANSACTION

2.1  

Merger of Acquisition Sub into the Company

2.2  

Effect of the Merger 

2.3  

Closing; Effective Time 

2.4  

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws; Directors and Officers 

2.5  

Conversion of Shares 

2.6  

Surrender of Certificates; Stock Transfer Books. 

2.7  

Shares Subject to Appraisal Rights. 

2.8  

Further Action 

S
ECTION
 3. R
EPRESENTATIONS

AND
 W
ARRANTIES

OF

THE
 C
OMPANY

3.1  

Subsidiaries; Due Organization; Etc 

3.2  

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

3.3  

Capitalization, Etc 

3.4  

SEC Filings; Financial Statements

3.5  

Absence of Changes 

3.6  

Title to Assets 

3.7  

Certain Loans; Customers; Inventories 

3.8  

Equipment; Real Property; Leasehold 

3.9  

Intellectual Property 

3.10

Contracts 

3.11

Sale of Products; Performance of Services 

3.12

Liabilities 

3.13

Compliance with Legal Requirements

3.14

Certain Business Practices 

3.15

Governmental Authorizations. 

3.16

Tax Matters 

3.17

Employee and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans 

3.18

Environmental Matters 

3.19

Insurance 

i 

3.20

Transactions with Affiliates 

3.21

Legal Proceedings; Orders 

3.22

Authority; Inapplicability of Anti-takeover Statutes; Binding Nature of Agreement 

3.23

Section 203 of the DGCL Not Applicable 

3.24

Vote Required 

3.25

Non-Contravention; Consents 

3.26

Fairness Opinion 

3.27

Financial Advisory and Other Fees 

3.28

Liquidity 

3.29

Dealings With Silicon Valley Bank 

3.30

Financial Advisory Agreements 

3.31

California Corporations Code 

3.32

Full Disclosure 

S
ECTION
 4. R
EPRESENTATIONS

AND
 W
ARRANTIES

OF
 P
ARENT

AND
 A
CQUISITION
 S
UB

4.1  

Due Organization 

4.2  

Authority; Binding Nature of Agreement 

4.3  

Non-Contravention; Consents 

4.4  

Disclosure 

4.5  

Funds 

4.6  

Brokers and Finders Fees 

S
ECTION
 5. C
ERTAIN
 C
OVENANTS

OF

THE
 C
OMPANY

5.1  

Access and Investigation 

5.2  

Operation of the Companys Business 

5.3  

No Solicitation 

5.4  

Company Warrants 

5.5  

Registration Statement 

5.6  

Escrow Shares 

5.7  

Certain Resolutions 

S
ECTION
 6. A
DDITIONAL
 C
OVENANTS

OF

THE
 P
ARTIES

6.1  

Stockholder Approval; Proxy Statement 

6.2  

Regulatory Approvals 

6.3  

Stock Options. 

ii 

6.4  

Employee Benefits 

6.5  

Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

6.6  

Additional Agreements 

6.7  

Disclosure 

6.8  

Resignation of Officers and Directors 

6.9  

Bridge Loan 

6.10

SVB Receivables Agreement 

6.11

General Cooperation 

S
ECTION
 7. C
ONDITIONS
 P
RECEDENT

TO

THE
 M
ERGER

7.1  

Stockholder Approval 

7.2  

No Restraints 

7.3  

Consummation of Offer 

S
ECTION
 8. T
ERMINATION

8.1  

Termination 

8.2  

Effect of Termination 

8.3  

Expenses; Termination Fees 

S
ECTION
 9. M
ISCELLANEOUS
 P
ROVISIONS

9.1  

Amendment 

9.2  

Waiver 

9.3  

No Survival of Representations and Warranties 

9.4  

Entire Agreement; Counterparts; No Third Party Beneficiaries 

9.5  

Applicable Law; Jurisdiction 

9.6  

Headings 

9.7  

Attorneys Fees 

9.8  

Assignability 

9.9  

Notices 

9.10

Cooperation 

9.11

Severability 

9.12

Construction 

iii 

E
XHIBITS

Exhibit A



Certain Definitions

Exhibit B



List of Individuals Entering into Tender and Voting Agreement

Annex I



Conditions of the Offer

iv 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

T
HIS
 A
GREEMENT

AND
 P
LAN

OF
 M
ERGER

(Agreement) is made and entered into as of October 8,
2002, by and among: 
B
ORLAND
 S
OFTWARE
 C
ORPORATION
, a Delaware corporation (Parent); 
G
ALAXY
 A
CQUISITION
 C
ORP
.
, a
Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Acquisition Sub); and 
S
TARBASE
 C
ORPORATION
, a Delaware corporation (the Company). Certain capitalized terms
used in this Agreement are defined in Exhibit A. 

R
ECITALS

A
.
  The respective boards of directors of Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company have each determined that it is
advisable and in the best interests of their respective stockholders for Parent to acquire the Company upon the terms and provisions of and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

B.
  It is proposed that Acquisition Sub make a cash tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock for $2.75 per share (such amount, or any greater per share paid pursuant to the Offer, subject to Section 1.1(e), being the Per Share Amount), net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and provisions of and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement. 

C.
  In furtherance of the acquisition of the Company by Parent,
the boards of directors of Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company have each approved a merger (the Merger) of Acquisition Sub with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation, upon the terms and provisions of and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

D.
  By resolutions duly adopted, the
board of directors of the Company has, in light of and subject to the terms and conditions hereof: (i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are fair to and in the best interests
of its stockholders; and (ii) resolved to recommend that the stockholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their shares pursuant to the Offer and adopt this Agreement. 

E.
  In order to induce Parent and Acquisition Sub to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, concurrently with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement certain of the executive officers and directors of the Company set forth on Exhibit B hereto are executing a tender and voting agreement in favor of Parent and Acquisition Sub (the  Tender and
Voting Agreement). 

A
GREEMENT

The parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 

Section 1.  T
HE
 O
FFER

1.1

Conduct of the Offer.

(a)
  Provided that this
Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with Section 8 hereof and that none of the events or circumstances set forth in Annex I shall have occurred or exist (excluding the events or circumstances set forth in paragraph (a)
in Annex I and paragraph (d) in Annex I), as promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, Acquisition Sub shall commence (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under the Exchange Act), the Offer. 

(b)
  The obligation of Acquisition Sub to accept for payment and to pay for any shares of Company Common
Stock tendered pursuant to the Offer shall be subject to (i) the condition that there shall be validly tendered and not withdrawn a number of shares of Company Common Stock which together with the shares tendered under the Tender and Voting
Agreement and any outstanding shares of Company Common Stock with respect to which Parent or Acquisition Sub has sole beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) immediately prior to the acceptance for
payment of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer (Parent-Owned Shares), represents at least a majority of the Fully Diluted Number of Company Shares (the Minimum Condition) and (ii) the other conditions set
forth in Annex I. Acquisition Sub expressly reserves the right at its sole discretion to increase the Per Share Amount or to make any other changes in the terms and conditions of the Offer; provided
, 
that none of the changes in the terms and
conditions of the Offer, without the prior written consent of the Company, will be in any manner adverse to holders of shares of Company Common Stock; provided, further, that without the prior written consent of the Company: (i) the Minimum
Condition may not be amended or waived; and (ii) no change may be made that changes the form of consideration to be paid, decreases the price per share of Company Common Stock below the Per Share Amount or the number of shares of Company Common
Stock sought in the Offer, or imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to the Minimum Condition and the other conditions set forth in Annex I. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Offer and this Agreement, Acquisition Sub shall accept for
payment all shares of Company Common Stock validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as soon as it is permitted to do so under applicable Legal Requirements and shall pay for such shares promptly thereafter. Any one or more of the
conditions to the Offer, other than the Minimum Condition, may be waived in whole or in part by Acquisition Sub in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the
Company, Acquisition Sub shall not accept for payment or pay for any shares of Company Common Stock tendered pursuant to the Offer unless and until the Minimum Condition has been satisfied. 

(c)
  The Offer shall initially be scheduled to expire 20 business days following the date of the commencement thereof. If, at any
then-scheduled expiration date, any of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied or waived (other than conditions which Acquisition Sub determines are not capable of being satisfied), Acquisition Sub shall be entitled

to extend the Offer for such amount of time as is reasonably necessary to cause such conditions to the Offer to be satisfied. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement:
(i) Acquisition Sub may, without the consent of the Company or any other Person (A) extend the Offer for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC applicable to the Offer and (B) if the sum of (1) the number
of shares of Company Common Stock that shall have been validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer (other than shares tendered by guaranteed delivery where actual delivery has not occurred) as of the scheduled or extended expiration
date of the Offer, plus (2) the number of Parent-Owned Shares as of such date, represents more than a majority of the Fully Diluted Number of Company Shares but less than 90% of the Fully Diluted Number of Company Shares as of such date, extend the
Offer for an additional period of not more than 20 business days; and (ii) Acquisition Sub may, without the consent of the Company or any other Person, elect to provide for a subsequent offering period (and one or more extensions thereof) pursuant
to, and in accordance with the terms of, Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Minimum Condition has not been satisfied and none of the other events or circumstances set forth in Annex I (excluding the events or
circumstances set forth in paragraph (a) in Annex I and paragraph (d) in Annex I) shall have occurred at the time of the expiration of the initial 20 business day period of the Offer, Acquisition Sub shall, be required,
without the consent of the Company or any other Person, to extend the Offer expiration date for 15 business days; provided, however that such 15 business day extension may be for a single 15 business day period or for two or more shorter periods as
Acquisition Sub shall determine, and, if the Minimum Condition is satisfied at the end of any such period, Acquisition Sub shall not be required to further extend the Offer. 

(d)
  On the date of commencement of the Offer, Parent and Acquisition Sub shall (i) file with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule
TO with respect to the Offer which will contain or incorporate by reference the offer to purchase shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer (the Offer to Purchase) and form of the related letter of transmittal and (ii) cause
the Offer to Purchase and related documents to be disseminated to holders of shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. Parent and Acquisition Sub agree that they shall use all reasonable efforts to cause
the Schedule TO and all exhibits, amendments or supplements thereto (which together constitute the Offer Documents) to comply in all material respects with the Exchange Act, the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and
other applicable Legal Requirements. Each of Parent, Acquisition Sub and the Company agrees to use all reasonable efforts to respond promptly to any comments of the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer Documents or the Offer, to correct
promptly any information provided by it for use in the Offer Documents if and to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect, and to take all steps necessary to cause the Offer Documents as
supplemented or amended to correct such information to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to holders of shares of Company Common Stock, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws. The Company shall
promptly furnish to Parent and Acquisition Sub all information concerning the Acquired Corporations and the Companys stockholders that may be required or reasonably requested in connection with any action contemplated by this Section 1.1(d).
The Company and its counsel shall be given reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Offer Documents (including any amendment thereto) prior to the filing thereof with the SEC. Parent and Acquisition Sub agree to provide the Company and
its counsel with

any comments Parent, Acquisition Sub or their counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer Documents promptly after receipt of such comments. 

(e)
  If, between the date of this Agreement and the date on which any particular share of Company Common
Stock is accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer, the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are changed into a different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock
split, consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction, then the Per Share Amount shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such change or transaction. 

1.2  

Company Actions.

(a)
  The Company hereby approves and
consents to the Offer and represents that its board of directors, at a meeting duly called and held, has by the unanimous vote of all directors of the Company (i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
Offer and the Merger, are fair to and in the best interests of the Companys stockholders, (ii) approved and adopted this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Merger, in accordance with the
requirements of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), (iii) declared that this Agreement is advisable, (iv) resolved to recommend that stockholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their shares of Company Common Stock
pursuant to the Offer and adopt this Agreement (the recommendation of the Companys board of directors that the stockholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer and adopt this
Agreement being referred to as the Company Board Recommendation), and (v) to the extent necessary, adopted a resolution having the effect of causing the Company not to be subject to any state takeover law or similar Legal Requirement,
including, without limitation, Section 203 of the DGCL, that might otherwise apply to the Offer or the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Subject to Section 5.3: (A) the Company hereby consents to the inclusion
of the Company Board Recommendation in the Offer Documents; and (B) the Company Board Recommendation shall not be withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Parent or Acquisition Sub, and no resolution by the board of directors of the Company or
any committee thereof to withdraw or modify the Company Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent or Acquisition Sub shall be adopted or proposed. 

(b)
  As promptly as practicable on the day that the Offer is commenced, the Company shall file with the SEC and (following or
contemporaneously with the dissemination of the Offer to Purchase and related documents) disseminate to holders of shares of Company Common Stock, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws, a
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the Offer (together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the Schedule 14D-9) that, subject only to Section 5.3, shall reflect the Company Board
Recommendation. The Company agrees that it shall cause the Schedule 14D-9 to comply in all material respects with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and other applicable Legal Requirements. Each of Parent, Acquisition Sub and
the Company agrees promptly to correct any information provided by it for use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect, and the Company further agrees to take all
steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9 as supplemented or amended to correct such

information to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to holders of shares of Company Common Stock, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws. Parent
and its counsel shall be given reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9 (including any amendment thereto) prior to the filing thereof with the SEC. The Company agrees to provide Parent and its counsel with any comments the
Company or its counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9 promptly after receipt of such comments. 

(c)
  The Company will promptly furnish Parent and Acquisition Sub with a list of its stockholders, mailing labels and any available listing or computer file containing the names and
addresses of all record holders of shares of Company Common Stock and lists of securities positions of shares of Company Common Stock held in stock depositories, in each case true and correct as of the most recent practicable date, and will provide
to Parent such additional information (including updated lists of stockholders, mailing labels and lists of securities positions) and such other assistance as Parent or Acquisition Sub may reasonably request in connection with the Offer and the
Merger. Parent and Acquisition Sub and their agents shall hold in confidence the information contained in any such labels, listings and files, will use such information only in connection with the Offer and the Merger and, if this Agreement shall be
terminated, will, upon request, deliver to the Company or destroy, and will use their reasonable efforts to cause their agents to deliver to the Company or destroy, all copies and any extracts or summaries from such information then in their
possession or control. 

1.3  

Directors. 

(a)
  Effective upon the satisfaction of
the Minimum Condition and the acceptance for payment of any shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, Parent shall be entitled to designate the number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Companys board of
directors that equals the product of (i) the total number of directors on the Companys board of directors (giving effect to the election of any additional directors pursuant to this Section) and (ii) a fraction whose numerator is the aggregate
number of shares of Company Common Stock the beneficially owned by Parent or Acquisition Sub (including shares of Company Common Stock accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer), and whose denominator is the total number of shares of Company Common
Stock then outstanding, and the Company shall take all action necessary to cause Parents designees to be elected or appointed to the Companys board of directors, including increasing the number of directors, and seeking and accepting
resignations of incumbent directors. At such time, to the extent requested by Parent, the Company will also use its best efforts to cause individuals designated by Parent to constitute the number of members, rounded up to the next whole number, on
(i) each committee of the Companys board of directors and (ii) each board of directors of each Subsidiary of the Company (and each committee thereof) that represents the same percentage as individuals designated by Parent represent on the
board of directors of the Company. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.3, the parties hereto shall use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to cause at least two of the members of the Companys board of directors, at
all times prior to the Effective Time (as hereinafter defined), to be individuals who were directors of the Company and were not officers or employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on the date hereof (the Continuing
Directors); provided, however, that if at any time prior to the Effective Time there shall be in office only one Continuing Director for any reason, the Companys board of

directors shall cause a person who is not an officer or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries designated by the remaining Continuing Director to fill such vacancy (and such person
shall be deemed to be a Continuing Director for all purposes of this Agreement), and if at any time prior to the Effective Time no Continuing Directors then remain, the other directors of the Company then in office shall use reasonable efforts to
designate two persons to fill such vacancies who are not officers or employees or affiliates of the Company, its Subsidiaries, Parent or Acquisition Sub or any of their respective affiliates (and such persons shall be deemed to be Continuing
Directors for all purposes of this Agreement). 

(b)
  The Companys
obligations to appoint Parents designees to the Companys board of directors shall be subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder. The Company shall promptly take all actions, and shall include in
the Schedule 14D-9 such information with respect to the Company and its officers and directors, as Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1 of the Exchange Act require in order to fulfill its obligations under this Section, so long as Parent shall have provided
to the Company on a timely basis the information with respect to Parent and its nominees, officers, directors and affiliates required by Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1 of the Exchange Act. The provisions of this Section 1.3 are in addition to and
shall not limit any rights which Acquisition Sub, Parent or any of their affiliates may have as a holder or beneficial owner of shares of Company Common Stock as a matter of applicable law with respect to the election of directors or otherwise.

(c)
  Following the election or appointment of Parents designees pursuant
to Section 1.3(a) and until the Effective Time, the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors or if there shall only be one, of a Continuing Director, shall be required to authorize (and such authorization shall constitute the authorization
of the Companys board of directors and no other action on the part of the Company, including any action by any other director of the Company, shall be required to authorize) any termination of this Agreement by the Company, any amendment of
this Agreement requiring action by the Companys board of directors, any extension of time for performance of any obligation or action hereunder by Parent or Acquisition Sub requiring the consent of the Company, any waiver of compliance by the
Company of any of the agreements or conditions contained herein for the benefit of the Company, any required or permitted consent or action by the board of directors of the Company hereunder and any other action of the Company hereunder which
adversely affects the holders of shares of Company Common Stock (other than Parent or Acquisition Sub); provided, that, if for any reason there shall be no Continuing Directors, such actions may be effected by majority vote of the entire board of
directors of the Company. 

Section 2.  M
ERGER
 T
RANSACTION

2.1  

Merger of Acquisition Sub into the Company
.
    Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in accordance with the DGCL, at the Effective Time (as defined in
Section 2.3), Acquisition Sub shall be merged with and into the Company, the separate existence of Acquisition Sub shall cease and the Company will continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger (the Surviving Corporation).

2.2  

Effect of the Merger
.
    The Merger shall have the effects set forth in this Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the

foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all property of the Company and Acquisition Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities, obligations and duties
of the Company and Acquisition Sub shall become debts, liabilities, obligations and duties of the Surviving Corporation. 

2.3  

Closing; Effective Time
.
    Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been abandoned pursuant to Section 8 hereof, the consummation of
the Merger (the Closing) shall take place at the New York offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on a date to be designated by Parent (the Closing Date), which shall be no
later than the fifth business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the last to be satisfied or waived of the conditions set forth in Section 7 (other than delivery of items to be delivered at the Closing and other than those conditions that by
their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, it being understood that the occurrence of the Closing shall remain subject to the delivery of such items and the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions at the Closing), unless another date, time
or place is agreed to by the parties hereto. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, a certificate of merger satisfying the applicable requirements of the DGCL shall be duly executed by the Company and, concurrently with or as soon as
practicable but not later than two (2) business days following the Closing, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Merger shall become effective upon the date and time of the filing of such certificate of merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such later time as is specified in the certificate of merger (the Effective Time). 

2.4  

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws; Directors and Officers
.
    Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time: 

(a)  subject to Section 6.5(a), the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and restated as of the Effective
Time to conform to the certificate of incorporation of Acquisition Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time until thereafter changed or amended in accordance with the provisions thereof and applicable law, except that the authorized
capital stock of the Surviving Corporation shall be 150,000,000 shares of common stock, $.01 per share (the Surviving Corporation Common Stock); 

(b)  subject to Section 6.5(a), the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and restated as of the Effective Time to conform to the
bylaws of Acquisition Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time until thereafter changed or amended in accordance with the provisions thereof and applicable law; 

(c)  the directors of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time shall be the respective individuals who are directors of
Acquisition Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be; and 

(d)  the officers of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time shall be the respective
individuals who are officers of the Company

immediately prior to the Effective Time until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. 

2.5  

Conversion of Shares.

(a)
  At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any further action on the part of Parent, Acquisition Sub, the Company or any stockholder of the Company: 

(i)
  any shares of Company Common Stock then held by the Company or any wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company (or held in the Companys treasury) shall be canceled and retired
and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor; 

(ii)
  any shares of Company Common Stock then held by Parent, Acquisition Sub or any other wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be
delivered in exchange therefor; 

(iii)
  except as provided in clauses
(i) and (ii) above and subject to Sections 2.5(b), 2.5(c) and 2.7, each share of Company Common Stock then outstanding shall be converted into the right to receive the Per Share Amount (the Merger Consideration),
without interest; and 

(iv)
  all of the shares of the common stock, $0.01 par
value per share, of Acquisition Sub then outstanding shall be converted into a number of shares of Surviving Corporation Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding (excluding shares cancelled pursuant
to clause (i) above) immediately prior to the Effective Time. 

(b)
  If, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are changed into a different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split, division or
subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split, consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction, then the Merger Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such change or
transaction. 

(c)
  If any shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are subject to a repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition under any applicable restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement with the Company or under which the Company has any
rights, then the Merger Consideration payable with respect thereto will also be unvested and subject to the same repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition. The Company shall take all action that may be necessary to ensure that, from
and after the Effective Time, Parent is entitled to exercise any such repurchase option or other right set forth in any such restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement. 

2.6  

Surrender of Certificates; Stock Transfer Books.

(a)
  Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall designate a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as agent (the Paying Agent) for the holders of shares of Company Common Stock
to receive the funds to which holders of such shares shall become entitled pursuant to Section 2.5. Such funds shall be invested by the Paying Agent as directed by the Surviving Corporation. 

(b)
  Promptly after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause to be mailed to each Person who was, at the Effective Time, a
holder of record of shares of Company Common Stock entitled to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 2.5 a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
certificates evidencing such shares (the Certificates) shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be in such form and have such other customary provisions as the Surviving Corporation may
reasonably specify) and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates pursuant to such letter of transmittal. Upon surrender to the Paying Agent of a Certificate, together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and
validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other documents as may be required pursuant to such instructions, the holder of such Certificate shall beentitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration for
each share of Company Common Stock formerly evidenced by such Certificate, and such Certificate shall then be canceled. No interest shall accrue or be paid on the Merger Consideration payable upon the surrender of any Certificate for the benefit of
the holder of such Certificate. If the payment of the Merger Consideration is to be made to a Person other than the Person in whose name the surrendered Certificate formerly evidencing shares of Company Common Stock is registered on the stock
transfer books of the Company, it shall be a condition of payment that the Certificate so surrendered be endorsed properly or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and that the Person requesting such payment shall have paid all transfer and other
similar Taxes required by reason of the payment of the Merger Consideration to a Person other than the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered, or shall have established to the satisfaction of Acquisition Sub that such Taxes either have
been paid or are not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.6(b), each Certificate shall be deemed, from and after the Effective Time, to represent only the right to receive the Merger Consideration for each share of Company
Common Stock formerly evidenced by such Certificate. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, Parent may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the payment of the Merger Consideration for each share of Company Common
Stock formerly evidenced by such Certificate, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate to provide an appropriate affidavit and to deliver a bond (in such sum as Parent may reasonably direct) as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against the Paying Agent, Parent or the Surviving Corporation with respect to such Certificate. 

(c)
  At any time following the sixth month after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to require the Paying Agent to deliver to it any funds which had been made available to the Paying
Agent and not disbursed to holders of shares of Company Common Stock (including, without limitation, all interest and other income received by the Paying Agent in respect of all funds made available to it), and, thereafter, such holders shall be
entitled to look to the Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned property, escheat and

other similar laws) only as general creditors thereof with respect to any Merger Consideration that may be payable upon due surrender of the Certificates held by them. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, none of the Surviving Corporation, Parent or the Paying Agent shall be liable to any holder of a share of Company Common Stock for any Merger Consideration delivered in respect of such share to a public official pursuant to any abandoned
property, escheat or other similar law. If any Certificates shall not have been surrendered prior to five years after the Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any Merger Consideration in respect of such Certificate
would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Body), any amounts payable in respect of such Certificate shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear of all
claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto. 

(d)
  At the close
of business on the day of the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company with respect to the shares of Company Common Stock shall be closed and thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers ofshares of Company Common
Stock on the records of the Company. From and after the Effective Time, the holders of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to such shares except as otherwise
provided herein or by applicable Legal Requirements. 

(e)
  The Surviving
Corporation, Parent and Acquisition Sub shall be entitled to deduct and withhold (or cause the Paying Agent to deduct and withhold) from the consideration otherwise payable in the Merger to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock such amounts
as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to Taxes. To the extent that amounts are so withheld, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Common
Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made. 

2.7  

Shares Subject to Appraisal Rights.

(a)
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, to the extent that the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL are or prior to the Effective Time may become applicable to the Merger (by
reason of a delisting of Company Common Stock from the Nasdaq Small Cap Market or otherwise), any shares of Company Common Stock that, as of the Effective Time, are held by holders who have as of the Effective Time preserved appraisal rights under
Section 262 of the DGCL with respect to such shares shall not be converted into or represent the right to receive the Merger Consideration in accordance with Section 2.5(a), and the holder or holders of such shares shall be entitled only to such
rights as may be provided to such holder or holders pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL; provided, however, that if such appraisal rights shall not be perfected or the holders of such shares shall otherwise lose their appraisal rights with respect
to such shares, then, as of the later of the Effective Time or the time of the failure to perfect such status or the loss of such rights, such shares shall automatically be converted into and shall represent only the right to receive (upon the
surrender of the certificate or certificates representing such shares) the Merger Consideration in accordance with Section 2.5(a). 

(b)
  The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt
notice of any written demand received by the Company prior to the Effective Time to require the Company to purchase shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL and of any other demand, notice or instrument delivered to the
Company prior to the Effective Time pursuant to the DGCL, and (ii) the opportunity to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to any such demand, notice or instrument. The Company shall not make any payment or settlement offer
prior to the Effective Time with respect to any such demand unless Parent shall have consented in writing to such payment or settlement offer. 

2.8  

Further Action.
    If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is determined by Parent to be reasonably necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement or to vest
the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession of and to all rights and property of Acquisition Sub and the Company, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation and Parent shall be fully authorized (in the name of
Acquisition Sub, in the name of the Company and otherwise) to take such action. 

Section 3.    R
EPRESENTATIONS

AND
 W
ARRANTIES

OF

THE
 C
OMPANY

Except as specifically set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule prepared and signed by the Company and delivered to Parent and
Acquisition Sub simultaneously with the execution hereof, the Company represents and warrants to Parent and Acquisition Sub that all of the statements contained in this Section 3 are true and complete as of the date of this Agreement, and will be
true and complete as of the expiration date of the Offer as though made at such time and as of the Effective Time as though made at the Effective Time (except for those representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular date
or only with respect to a specific period of time, which need only be true and correct as of such date or with respect to such period). Each exception set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule and each other response to this Agreement set forth
in the Company Disclosure Schedule is identified by reference to, or has been grouped under a heading referring to, a specific section of this Agreement and, except as otherwise specifically stated with respect to such exception, relates only to
such section. In the event of any inconsistency between statements in the body of this Agreement and statements in the Company Disclosure Schedule (excluding exceptions expressly set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule with respect to a
specifically identified representation or warranty), the statements in the body of this Agreement shall control. 

3.1  

Subsidiaries; Due Organization; Etc. 

(a)
  The
Company has no Subsidiaries except for the Entities identified in Part 3.1(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule; and neither the Company nor any of the other Entities identified in Part 3.1(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule owns any
capital stock of, or any equity interest of any nature in, any other Entity (the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are referred to collectively in this Agreement as the Acquired Corporations). For purposes of this Section 3, the term
Acquired Corporations shall also be deemed to include any Entity that has been merged into or consolidated with the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any predecessor Entity of the Company. Part 3.1(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth the name, jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and authorized and outstanding capital of each Acquired Corporation and the jurisdictions in which each Acquired 

Corporation is qualified to do business. None of the Acquired Corporations has
agreed or is obligated to make, or is bound by any Contract under which it may become obligated to make, any future investment in or capital contribution to any other Entity. None of the Acquired Corporations is a general partner of, or is otherwise
liable for any of the debts or other obligations of, any general partnership, limited partnership or other Entity. The outstanding capital stock of each of the Acquired Corporations is free and clear of all Encumbrances and all material claims or
charges of any kind, and is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and there are no outstanding options, rights or agreements of any kind relating to the issuance, sale or transfer of any capital stock or other equity securities of any
Subsidiary. 

(b)
  Each of the Acquired Corporations is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation and has all necessary power and authority: (i) to conduct its business in the manner in which its business is currently being
conducted; (ii) to own and use its assets in the manner in which its assets are currently owned and used; and (iii) to perform its obligations under all Contracts by which it is bound. 

(c)
  Each of the Acquired Corporations is duly qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign corporation, and is in good standing,
under the laws of all jurisdictions where the nature of its business requires such qualification or license other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Acquired Corporations. 

3.2  

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.
    The Company has delivered to Parent accurate and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws and other charter or organizational documents as
presently in effect of each of the respective Acquired Corporations, including all amendments thereto. 

3.3  

Capitalization, Etc. 

(a)
  The authorized capital
stock of the Company consists of: (i) 150,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 8,736,690 shares have been issued and are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement including the Escrow Shares (as such term is hereinafter defined); (ii)
10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $.01 par value per share, of which no shares are currently issued or are outstanding; and (iii) 1,200,000 shares of Preferred Stock have been designated as Series J Convertible Preferred Stock, of which no
shares are currently issued or are outstanding. Except as set forth in Part 3.3(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not hold any shares of its capital stock in its treasury. All of the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and nonassessable. There are no shares of Company Common Stock held by any of the other Acquired Corporations. There are 141,863 shares of Company Common Stock that are subject
to a certain Performance Share Escrow Agreement, dated October 15, 1992, as amended (such shares being referred to as the Escrow Shares), and are held in an escrow by Montreal Trust Company of Canada, as escrow agent (the Escrow
Agent). Except as set forth in Part 3.3(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule: (i) none of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or the capital stock of any of the Acquired Corporations is entitled to, subject to or bound by any
outstanding option, warrant, call, subscription right, 

preemptive right, right of participation, right of maintenance or any other right agreement or commitment which (a)
obligates Company or any Subsidiary of Company to issue, sell or transfer any shares of the capital stock of Company or any Subsidiary of Company, (b) restricts the transfer of any shares of capital stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or
(c) relates to the voting of any shares of capital stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) none of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock is subject to any right of first refusal in favor of the Company; and (iii) there is no
Acquired Corporation Contract relating to the voting or registration of, or restricting any Person from purchasing, selling, pledging or otherwise disposing of (or granting any option or similar right with respect to), any shares of Company Common
Stock. None of the Acquired Corporations is under any obligation, or is bound by any Contract pursuant to which it may become obligated, to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any outstanding shares of Company Common Stock. Part 3.3(a)(iii) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule describes all repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to shares of Company Common Stock (whether such shares were issued pursuant to the exercise of Company Options or otherwise). 

(b)
  As of the date of this Agreement: (i) 265,807 shares of Company Common Stock are subject to issuance
pursuant to stock options granted and outstanding under the Companys 2001 Stock Plan, and options relating to an additional 74,193 shares of Company Common Stock are eligible for future grant under such plan; (ii) 126,773 shares of Company
Common Stock are subject to issuance pursuant to stock options granted and outstanding under the Companys 1996 Stock Option Plan, and no options are eligible for future grant under such plan; (iii) 1,543,484 shares of Company Common Stock are
subject to issuance pursuant to stock options granted and outstanding under the Companys NSO Stock Option Program, and no options are eligible for future grant under such program; (iv) 16,025 shares of Company Common Stock are subject to
issuance pursuant to stock options granted and outstanding under the Premia Corporation 1998 Stock Option Plan, and no options are eligible for future grant under such plan; and (v) 58,743 shares of Company Common Stock are subject to issuance
pursuant to stock options granted and outstanding under the Technology Builders, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Option and Stock Incentive Plan, and no options are eligible for future grant under such plan. As of the date of this Agreement, 383,691
shares of Company Common Stock are reserved for future issuance pursuant to Company Warrants. All convertible debentures issued by the Company have been validly converted into shares of Company Common Stock, and no convertible debentures issued by
the Company are currently outstanding and no Person has any rights, interests or claims with respect to any such convertible debentures. Options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock (whether granted by the Company pursuant to the
Companys stock option plans, assumed by the Company in connection with any merger, acquisition or similar transaction or otherwise issued or granted) are referred to in this Agreement as Company Options. Part 3.3(b) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth the following information with respect to each Company Option outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (i) the particular plan or program (if any) pursuant to which such Company Option was granted; (ii) the name
of the optionee; (iii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Option; (iv) the exercise price of such Company Option; (v) the date on which such Company Option was granted; (vi) the applicable vesting schedule, and the
extent to which such Company Option is vested and exercisable as of the date of this Agreement; and (vii) the date on which such Company Option expires. The Company has delivered to Parent accurate and complete copies of all Company Warrants and all
stock option plans under which 

the Company has any obligations or which have been assumed by the Company in connection with the acquisition of any of
its Subsidiaries pursuant to which any of the Acquired Corporations has ever granted stock options, and the forms of the stock option agreements, grants or awards evidencing such options. The name of the holder, number of shares of Company Common
Stock issuable pursuant to and the exercise price of each of the Company Warrants is set forth on Part 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, provided, however, that the information set forth on Part 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
does not reflect any assignment or transfer of any Company Warrants made without prior notice to the Company and with respect to which the Company does not have Knowledge. None of the Company Warrants has an exercise price less than or equal to the
Per Share Amount and, except as set forth in Part 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the Company Options has an exercise price less than or equal to the Per Share Amount. 

(c)
  With respect to the representations made in this Section 3.3 and the corresponding Parts of the Company Disclosure Schedule, in each
case, the number of shares outstanding or authorized, and the number of shares issuable under and exercise prices of each Company Option and Company Warrant has been adjusted to take into account the 1 for 10 reverse split (the Reverse
Split) of the Company Common Stock which occurred on July 31, 2002. 

(d)
  Except as set forth in Part 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there is no: (i) outstanding subscription, option, call, warrant or right (whether or not currently exercisable) to acquire any shares of
the capital stock or other securities of any of the Acquired Corporations; (ii) outstanding security, instrument or obligation that is or may become convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of the capital stock or other securities of any of
the Acquired Corporations; (iii) stockholder rights plan (or similar plan commonly referred to as a poison pill) or Contract under which any of the Acquired Corporations is or may become obligated to sell or otherwise issue any shares of
its capital stock or any other securities; or (iv) condition or circumstance that may give rise to or provide a basis for the assertion of a claim by any Person to the effect that such Person is entitled to acquire or receive any shares of capital
stock or other securities of any of the Acquired Corporations. 

(e)
  Except as
set forth in Part 3.3(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, options, warrants and other securities of the Acquired Corporations have been issued and granted in compliance with (i) all applicable
securities laws and other applicable Legal Requirements, and (ii) all requirements set forth in applicable Contracts. Except as set forth in Part 3.3(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all Company Options have been granted using the standard
form of option agreement under their respective stock option plan or the standard form of agreement under the Stock Option Program. 

(f)
  All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each of the Companys Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and free
of preemptive rights, with no personal liability attaching to the ownership thereof, and are owned beneficially and of record by the Company, free and clear of any Encumbrances. 

3.4  

SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

(a)
  The Company
has made available (and with respect to future filings, will make available) via EDGAR to Parent accurate and complete copies of all registration statements, proxy statements and other statements, reports, schedules, forms and other documents filed
by the Company with the SEC since January 1, 1999, and all amendments thereto (the Company SEC Documents). All statements, reports, schedules, forms and other documents required to have been filed by the Company with the SEC since
January 1, 1999 have been so filed on a timely basis. None of the Companys Subsidiaries is required to file any documents with the SEC. As of the time it was filed with the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of
this Agreement, on the date of such filing): (i) each of the Company SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (as the case may be); and (ii) none of the Company SEC
Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. 

(b)
  The financial statements (including any related notes)
contained in the Company SEC Documents: (i) complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC applicable thereto; (ii) were prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered (except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial statements or, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and
except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments that will not, individually or in the aggregate, be material in amount), and (iii) fairly present the consolidated
financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the periods then ended.

(c)
  Prior to the Offer Closing Date, the Company will have in place the
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(c) of the Exchange Act) required in order for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company to engage in the review and evaluation
process mandated by the Exchange Act. The Companys disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that all information (both financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys
management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to make the certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company required under the Exchange Act with respect to such reports.

3.5  

Absence of Changes.
    Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement or any transactions contemplated hereby, or as set forth in Part 3.5 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since March 31,
2002: 

(a)
  there has not been any Material Adverse
Effect on the Acquired Corporations, and no event has occurred or circumstance has arisen that, in combination with any other events or circumstances, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired Corporations

(b)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has entered into any agreement,
commitment or transaction which is material to Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except for agreements, commitments or transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; 

(c)
  there has not been any material loss, damage or destruction to, or any material interruption in the
use of, any of the assets of any of the Acquired Corporations (whether or not covered by insurance); 

(d)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has (i) declared, accrued, set aside or paid any dividend or made any other distribution in respect of any shares of capital stock, or (ii) repurchased, redeemed or otherwise
reacquired any shares of capital stock or other securities; 

(e)
  none of the
Acquired Corporations has sold, issued or granted, or authorized the issuance of, (i) any capital stock or other security (except for Company Common Stock issued upon the valid exercise of outstanding Company Options or Company Warrants or upon
conversion of the Convertible Debentures), (ii) any option, warrant or right to acquire any capital stock or any other security (except for Company Options identified in Part 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule), or (iii) any instrument
convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other security; 

(f)
  the Company has not amended or waived any of its rights under, or permitted the acceleration of vesting under, (i) any provision of any of the Companys stock option plans, (ii) any provision of any
Contract evidencing any outstanding Company Option, or (iii) any restricted stock purchase agreement; 

(g)
  there has been no amendment to the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other charter or organizational documents of any of the Acquired Corporations, and none of the Acquired Corporations has effected or
been a party to any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock split, reverse stock split (other than the Reverse Split and the Certificate of Designation filed in connection with
the Series J Preferred Stock) or similar transaction; 

(h)
  neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has disposed of or permitted to lapse any rights to the use of any Company IP, or disposed of or disclosed to any Person other than Representatives of Parent any trade secret, formula, process, know-how or other Company
IP not theretofore a matter of public knowledge; 

(i)
  none of the Acquired
Corporations has formed any Subsidiary or acquired any equity interest or other interest in any other Entity; 

(j)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has made
any capital expenditure which, when added to all other capital expenditures made by or on behalf of the Acquired Corporations between March 31, 2002 and the date of this Agreement, exceeds $100,000 in the aggregate; 

(k)
  except in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, none of the Acquired
Corporations has (i) entered into or permitted any of the assets owned or used by it to become bound by any Material Contract (as defined in Section 3.10), or (ii) amended or terminated, or waived any material right or remedy under, any Material
Contract; 

(l)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has (i) acquired, leased or
licensed any material right or other material asset from any other Person, (ii) sold or otherwise disposed of, or leased or licensed, any material right or other material asset to any other Person, or (iii) waived or relinquished any right, except
for rights or other assets acquired, leased, licensed or disposed of in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices; 

(m)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has written off as uncollectible, or established any extraordinary reserve with respect to, any account receivable or other indebtedness, except
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and not in excess of $50,000 individually or $200,000 in the aggregate; 

(n)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has made any pledge of any of its assets or otherwise permitted any of its assets to become subject to any Encumbrance, except for pledges of
immaterial assets made in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices; 

(o)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has adopted or entered into a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other material reorganization;

(p)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has permitted any material insurance
policy naming it as a beneficiary or a loss payable payee to be cancelled; 

(q)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has entered into any agreement, understanding or commitment that restrains, limits or impedes the ability of any Acquired Corporation to compete with or conduct any business or
line of business, including, but not limited to, geographic limitations on the activities of any Acquired Corporation; 

(r)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has planned, announced, implemented or effected any reduction in force, lay-off, early retirement program, severance program or other program or effort concerning the
termination of employment of employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries involving, in the aggregate, more than 20 persons; 

(s)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has (i) lent money to any Person, other than routine travel advances made to employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, or (ii) incurred or guaranteed any indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(t)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has (i)
adopted, established or entered into any Employee Plan (as defined in Section 3.17), (ii) caused or permitted any Employee Plan to be amended in any material respect (other than to comply with applicable Legal Requirements or to renew such Employee
Plans on the same terms and at the same costs), or (iii) paid any bonus or made any profit-sharing or similar payment to, or materially increased the amount of the wages, salary, commissions, fringe benefits or other compensation or remuneration
payable to, any of its directors, officers or employees; 

(u)
  none of the
Acquired Corporations has changed any of its methods of accounting or accounting practices in any material respect; 

(v)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has made any Tax election; 

(w)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has commenced or settled any Legal Proceeding; 

(x)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has entered into any transaction or taken any other action that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect on the Acquired Corporations; 

(y)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has
entered into any material transaction or taken any other material action outside the ordinary course of business or inconsistent with past practices; and 

(z)
  none of the Acquired Corporations has agreed or committed to take any of the actions referred to in clauses (b) through
(z) above. 

3.6  

Title to Assets.    
The Acquired Corporations own, and have good, valid and marketable title to, all assets (tangible and intangible) purported to be owned by them, including: (i) all assets reflected
on the Unaudited Interim Balance Sheet (except for inventory sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business since the date of the Unaudited Interim Balance Sheet); and (ii) all other assets reflected in the books and records of the
Acquired Corporations as being owned by the Acquired Corporations. All of said assets are owned by the Acquired Corporations free and clear of any Encumbrances, except for (1) any lien for current Taxes not yet due and payable, (2) minor liens that
have arisen in the ordinary course of business and that do not (individually or in the aggregate) materially detract from the value of the assets subject thereto or materially impair the operations of any of the Acquired Corporations, and (3)
Encumbrances described in Part 3.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule. The rights, properties and other assets to be acquired by Parent and Acquisition Sub pursuant hereto include all rights, properties and other assets used by the Acquired
Corporations to conduct their businesses or necessary to permit Parent and Acquisition Sub to conduct the businesses currently conducted by the Acquired Corporations after the Closing in all material respects in the same manner as such businesses
have been conducted by the Acquired Corporations prior to the date hereof. 

3.7  

Certain Loans; Customers; Inventories.

(a)
  Part
3.7(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains an accurate and complete list as of the date of this Agreement of all loans and advances made by any of the Acquired Corporations to any employee, director, consultant or independent contractor,
other than routine travel advances made to employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice. 

(b)
  Part 3.7(b)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately identifies, and provides an accurate and complete breakdown of the orders received from, each customer or other Person that accounted for (i)
more than $75,000 of the consolidated gross sales of the Acquired Corporations in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002, or (ii) more than $75,000 of the consolidated gross sales of the Acquired Corporations in the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2002.
The Company has not received any notice or other communication (in writing or otherwise), indicating that any customer or other Person identified in Part 3.7(b)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule may cease dealing with any of the Acquired
Corporations or may otherwise modify or reduce the volume of business transacted by such Person with any of the Acquired Corporations below historical levels and, except as set forth in Part 3.7(b)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the
Knowledge of the Company, (x) no such Person has any intention to do so and (y) the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not have a adverse effect on any such relationship that would reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired Corporations. 

3.8  

Equipment; Real Property; Leasehold.
    All material items of equipment and other tangible assets owned by or leased to the Acquired Corporations are adequate for the uses to which they are being put,
are in good and safe condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear excepted) and are adequate for the conduct of the business of the Acquired Corporations in the manner in which such business is currently being conducted. None of the Acquired
Corporations own any real property or any interest in real property, except for: (i) the leaseholds created under the real property leases identified in Part 3.8(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, accurate and complete copies of which leases,
including all amendments thereto, have been provided to Parent; and (ii) the land or other real property described in Part 3.8(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule to which the Company has good and marketable fee title and which is owned by the
Company free and clear of any Encumbrances, except for the Encumbrances identified in Part 3.8(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. 

3.9  

Intellectual Property.

(a)
  Part 3.9(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule accurately identifies the following information: 

(i)
  Part 3.9(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately identifies each current and material proprietary product or service developed, manufactured, marketed, or sold by any of the Acquired Corporations,
including any product or service currently under development by any of the Acquired Corporations. 

(ii)
  Part 3.9(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule accurately identifies (A) each item of Registered IP in which any of the Acquired Corporations has or purports to have an ownership interest of any nature (whether exclusively, jointly with another Person, or otherwise), (B) the
jurisdiction in which such item of Registered IP has been registered or filed and the applicable registration or serial number and (C) any other Person that has an ownership interest in such item of Registered IP and the nature of such ownership
interest. The Company has made available to Parent complete and accurate copies of all applications, material correspondence and other material documents related to each such item of Registered IP. 

(iii)
  Part 3.9(a)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately identifies (A) all Intellectual
Property Rights or Intellectual Property licensed to any of the Acquired Corporations (other than any non-customized software that (1) is so licensed solely in executable or object code form pursuant to a nonexclusive, internal use software license,
(2) is not incorporated into, or used directly in the development, manufacturing, or distribution of, the products or services of any of the Acquired Corporations and (3) is generally available on standard terms for less than $100,000), (B) the
corresponding Contract or Contracts pursuant to which such Intellectual Property Rights or Intellectual Property is licensed to the Acquired Corporations and (C) whether the license or licenses granted to the Acquired Corporations are exclusive or
nonexclusive. 

(iv)
  Part 3.9(a)(iv)(A) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
accurately identifies each Contract in which the aggregate fees and royalties (including maintenance and support fees for the first year of maintenance and support, if any) paid or payable to the Acquired Corporations equal or exceed $75,000 and
pursuant to which any Person has been granted any license under, or otherwise has received or acquired any right (whether or not currently exercisable) or interest in, any Company IP. Except as set forth in Part 3.9(a)(iv)(B) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, none of the Acquired Corporations is bound by, and no Company IP is subject to, any Contract containing any covenant or other provision that in any way limits or restricts the ability of the Acquired Corporations to use,
exploit, assert, or enforce any Company IP anywhere in the world. 

(b)
  The
Company has provided to Parent a complete and accurate copy of each standard form of Company IP Contract used by any of the Acquired Corporations at any time, including each standard form of (A) end user license agreement, (B) development agreement,
(C) distributor or reseller agreement, (D) employee agreement containing any assignment or license of Intellectual Property or Intellectual Property Rights or any confidentiality provision, (E) consulting or independent contractor agreement
containing any assignment or license of Intellectual Property or Intellectual Property Rights or any confidentiality provision or (F) confidentiality or nondisclosure agreement. Part 3.9(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately identifies
each Company IP Contract that deviates in any material respect from the corresponding standard form agreement provided to Parent. 

(c)
  Except as set forth in Part 3.9(c) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the Acquired Corporations exclusively own all right, title, and interest to and in the Company IP (other than Intellectual Property Rights or Intellectual Property exclusively licensed to any of the Acquired
Corporations, as identified in Part 3.9(a)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Schedule) free and clear of any Encumbrances (other than licenses granted pursuant to the Contracts listed in Part 3.9(a)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule). Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing: 

(i)
  All documents and instruments
necessary to perfect the rights of each of the Acquired Corporations in the Company IP that is Registered IP have been validly executed, delivered, and filed in a timely manner with the appropriate Governmental Body. 

(ii)
  To the Knowledge of the Company, each Person who is or was an employee or contractor of any of the
Acquired Corporations and who is or was involved in the creation or development of any Company IP has signed a valid, enforceable agreement containing an assignment of Intellectual Property Rights to the Acquired Corporations and confidentiality
provisions protecting the Company IP. No current or former stockholder, officer, director, or employee of any of the Acquired Corporations has any claim, right (whether or not currently exercisable), or interest to or in any Company IP. To the
Knowledge of the Company, no employee of any of the Acquired Corporations is (A) bound by or otherwise subject to any Contract restricting him or her from performing his or her duties for any of the Acquired Corporations or (B) in breach of any
Contract with any former employer or other Person concerning Intellectual Property Rights or confidentiality. 

(iii)
  No funding, facilities, or personnel of any Governmental Body were used, directly or indirectly, to develop or create, in whole or in part, any Company IP. 

(iv)
  Each of the Acquired Corporations has taken all reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of and otherwise protect and
enforce their rights in all proprietary information held by any of the Acquired Corporations, or purported to be held by any of the Acquired Corporations, as a trade secret. 

(v)
  Except as set forth in Part 3.9(c)(v) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since January 1, 2000, none of the Acquired Corporations
has assigned or otherwise transferred ownership of, or agreed to assign or otherwise transfer ownership of, any Intellectual Property Right to any other Person. 

(vi)
  None of the Acquired Corporations is now or ever was a member or promoter of, or a contributor to, any industry standards body or
similar organization that could require or obligate any of the Acquired Corporations to grant or offer to any other Person any license or right to any Company IP. 

(vii)
  Except as set forth in Part 3.9(c)(vii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, each of the Acquired Corporations owns or otherwise
has, and 

after the Closing the Surviving Corporation will have, all Intellectual Property Rights needed to conduct the business
of each of the Acquired Corporations as currently conducted and presently planned by each of the Acquired Corporations to be conducted. 

(d)
  To the Knowledge of the Company, all Company IP is valid, subsisting, and enforceable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 

(i)
  Each U.S. patent application and U.S. patent in which any of the Acquired Corporations has or
purports to have an ownership interest was filed within one year of the first printed publication, public use or offer for sale of each invention described in such U.S. patent application or U.S. patent. None of the Acquired Corporations owns (or
purports to own) or has filed any foreign patent applications or foreign patents. 

(ii)
  To the Knowledge of the Company, no trademark (whether registered or unregistered) or trade name owned, used, or applied for by any of the Acquired Corporations conflicts or interferes with any trademark
(whether registered or unregistered) or trade name owned, used or applied for by any other Person. Except as set forth in Part 3.9(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the goodwill associated with or inherent in any trademark (whether
registered or unregistered) in which any of the Acquired Corporations has or purports to have an ownership interest has been impaired. 

(iii)
  Each item of Company IP that is Registered IP is and, to the Knowledge of the Company, at all times has been in compliance with all Legal Requirements, and all filings,
payments, and other actions required to be made or taken to maintain such item of Company IP in full force and effect have been made by the applicable deadline. No application for a patent or for a copyright, mask work or trademark registration or
any other type of Registered IP filed by or on behalf of any of the Acquired Corporations has been abandoned, allowed to lapse, or rejected. Part 3.9(d)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately identifies and describes each filing,
payment, and action that must be made or taken on or before the date that is ninety (90) days after the date hereof in order to maintain each such item of Company IP in full force and effect. 

(iv)
  No interference, opposition, reissue, reexamination, or other Proceeding of any nature is or has been pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened, in which the scope, validity, or enforceability of any Company IP is being, has been, or could reasonably be expected to be contested or challenged. To the Knowledge of the Company, there is no basis for a claim
that any Company IP is invalid or unenforceable. 

(e)
  To the Knowledge of the
Company, no Person has infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated, and no Person is currently infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating, any Company IP. Part 3.9(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately identifies (and the
Company has provided to Parent a complete and accurate copy of) 

each letter or other written or electronic communication or correspondence that has been sent or otherwise delivered by
or to any of the Acquired Corporations or any Representative of any of the Acquired Corporations regarding any actual, alleged, or suspected infringement or misappropriation of any Company IP, and provides a brief description of the current status
of the matter referred to in such letter, communication or correspondence. 

(f)
  Except as described in Parts 3.9(a)(iii) and 3.25 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement (or any of the ancillary agreements) nor the consummation of
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (or any of the ancillary agreements) will, with or without notice or the lapse of time, result in or give any other Person the right or option to cause or declare, (i) a loss of, or Encumbrance
on, any Company IP; (ii) a breach of any Contract listed or required to be listed in Part 3.9(a)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule; (iii) the release, disclosure or delivery of any Company IP by or to any escrow agent or other Person; or (iv)
the grant, assignment or transfer to any other Person of any license or other right or interest under, to or in any of the Company IP. 

(g)
  Except as described in Part 3.9(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and to the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Acquired Corporations has ever infringed (directly,
contributorily, by inducement, or otherwise), misappropriated or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property Right of any other Person. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 

(i)
  No product, information or service ever manufactured, produced, distributed, published, used, provided or sold by or on behalf of any
of the Acquired Corporations, and no Intellectual Property ever owned, used or developed by any of the Acquired Corporations, has ever infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property Right of any other Person.

(ii)
  No infringement, misappropriation or similar claim or Proceeding is
pending or has been threatened against any of the Acquired Corporations or against any other Person who may be entitled to be indemnified, defended, held harmless or reimbursed by any of the Acquired Corporations with respect to such claim or
Proceeding. None of the Acquired Corporations has ever received any notice or other communication (in writing or otherwise) relating to any actual, alleged or suspected infringement, misappropriation or violation of any Intellectual Property Right
of another Person. 

(iii)
  None of the Acquired Corporations is bound by any
Contract to indemnify, defend, hold harmless or reimburse any other Person with respect to any intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or similar claim. None of the Acquired Corporations has ever assumed or agreed to discharge or
otherwise take responsibility for, any existing or potential liability of another Person for infringement, misappropriation or violation of any Intellectual Property Right. 

(iv)
  No claim or Proceeding involving any Intellectual Property or Intellectual Property Right licensed to any of the Acquired
Corporations is pending 

or has been threatened, except for any such claim or Proceeding that, if adversely determined, would not adversely
affect (A) the use or exploitation of such Intellectual Property or Intellectual Property Right by any of the Acquired Corporations or (B) the manufacturing, distribution or sale of any product or service being developed, offered, manufactured,
distributed or sold by any of the Acquired Corporations. 

(h)
  To the Knowledge
of the Company, none of the Company Software (A) contains any bug, defect or error (including any bug, defect or error relating to or resulting from the display, manipulation, processing, storage, transmission or use of date data) that materially
and adversely affect the use, functionality or performance of such Company Software or any product or system containing or used in conjunction with such Company Software or (B) fails to comply with any applicable warranty or other contractual
commitment relating to the use, functionality or performance of such software or any product or system containing or used in conjunction with such Company Software. The Company has made available to Parent a complete and accurate list of all known
bugs, defects, and errors in each version and component of the Company Software. 

(i)
  To the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company Software contains any back door, drop dead device, time bomb, Trojan horse, virus, or
worm (as such terms are commonly understood in the software industry) or any other code designed or intended to have, or capable of performing, any of the following functions: (A) disrupting, disabling, harming or otherwise impeding in
any manner the operation of, or providing unauthorized access to, a computer system or network or other device on which such code is stored or installed or (B) damaging or destroying any data or file without the users consent. 

(j)
  None of the Company Software is subject to any copyleft or other obligation
or condition (including any obligation or condition under any open source license such as the GNU Public License, Lesser GNU Public License or Mozilla Public License) that (A) could require, or could condition the use or distribution of
such Company Software on, the disclosure, licensing or distribution of any source code for any portion of such Company Software or (B) could otherwise impose any limitation, restriction or condition on the right or ability of any of the Acquired
Corporations to use or distribute any Company Software. 

(k)
  Except as set forth
in Part 3.9(k) and Part 3.25 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no source code for any Company Software has been delivered, licensed or made available to any escrow agent or other Person who is not, as of the date of this Agreement, an employee of
any of the Acquired Corporations. None of the Acquired Corporations has any duty or obligation (whether present, contingent or otherwise) to deliver, license or make available the source code for any Company Software to any escrow agent or other
Person who is not, as of the date of this Agreement, an employee of any of the Acquired Corporations. To the Knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred, and no circumstance or condition exists, that (with or without notice or lapse of time)
will, or could reasonably be expected to, result in the delivery, license or disclosure of any source code for any Company Software to any other Person who is not, as of the date of this Agreement, an employee of any of the Acquired Corporations.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no Person has made any claim or delivered any notice that such Person is entitled to receive the source code for any Company Software pursuant 

to any source code escrow agreement identified or required to be identified in Part 3.9(k) or Part 3.25 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule. 

(l)
  Except as set forth in Part 3.9(l) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company, no company or customer (i) has or had any exclusive rights to any portion of the Company IP or Company Software, (ii) has or had any rights restricting the Companys use of Company IP or
Company Software within any field of use, (iii) has ever incorporated any source code for any Company Software into any of such companys product, (iv) has ever redistributed any such source code, or (v) has ever used any such source code to
develop, market or distribute any product. 

(m)
  No claim or demand of any nature
has been made by Progress Software Corporation (PSC), or any successor thereto or any Person acting on its behalf, under or with respect to Article 13 of the Marketing, Distribution and Licensing Agreement between PSC and the Company,
dated July 29, 1997, as amended. 

3.10  

Contracts. 

(a)
  Part 3.10(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule identifies the following Contracts under which any of the Acquired Corporations has any rights, obligations or liabilities (each a Material Contract); provided, that, without limiting the definition of Material
Contract, the Company shall not be required to identify in Part 3.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (y) end user license agreements in the standard form of license agreement used by the Company as of the date of this Agreement for the
license of Company Software in the ordinary course of business, as provided to Parent, without material deviation therefrom or (z) distribution or reseller agreements in the standard form of distribution or reseller agreement used by the Company as
of the date of this Agreement, as provided to Parent, without material deviation therefrom, which, for purposes of clauses (y) and (z) above, material deviation shall include, without limitation, any (1) source code escrow or
source code licensing provision, (2) non-standard assignment or termination provision or (3) most-favored customer provision, (4) non-standard limitation of liability or warranty provision, (5) any contract providing for any exclusivity arrangement,
or (6) any contract with any Governmental Body and; provided further, that the definition of Material Contract shall be limited to Contracts (A) with a value or cost to the Company in excess of $50,000 over the remaining term thereof or
which restrict the Company or any of the Acquired Corporation in any material respect and (B) are currently in effect: 

(i)
  any Contract (A) relating to the employment of, or the performance of services by, any employee or consultant, (B) pursuant to which any of the Acquired Corporations is or may become obligated to make
any severance, termination or similar payment to any current or former employee or director, (C) which is a collective bargaining or union contract or agreement or (D) pursuant to which any of the Acquired Corporations is or may become obligated to
make any bonus or similar payment (other than payments constituting base salary) in excess of $50,000 to any current or former employee, director or consultant; 

(ii)
  any Contract relating to the acquisition,
transfer, development, sharing or license of any Company IP (except for any Contract pursuant to which (A) any Company IP is licensed to the Acquired Corporations other than any non-customized software that (1) is so licensed solely in executable or
object code form pursuant to a nonexclusive, internal use software license, (2) is not incorporated into, or used directly in the development, manufacturing, or distribution of, the products or services of any of the Acquired Corporations and (3) is
generally available on standard terms for less than $100,000, generally available to the public, or (B) any Company IP is licensed by any of the Acquired Corporations to any Person on a non-exclusive basis in the ordinary course of business),
including all Contracts identified or required to be identified in Part 3.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule; 

(iii)
  any Contract that provides for indemnification of any officer, director, employee or agent; 

(iv)
  any Contract imposing any restriction on the right or ability of any Acquired Corporation (A) to compete with any other Person or in any geographical area, (B) to acquire any
product or other asset or any services from any other Person, (C) to solicit, hire or retain any Person as an employee, consultant or independent contractor, (D) to develop, sell, supply, distribute, offer, support or service any product or any
technology or other asset to or for any other Person, (E) to perform services for any other Person, (F) to transact business or deal in any other manner with any other Person or (G) to conduct its business as presently conducted or materially and
adversely affect or materially restrict, the business, operations, assets, properties or condition (financial or other) of the businesses of the Acquired Corporations as currently conducted; 

(v)
  any Contract (other than Contracts evidencing Company Options) (A) relating to the acquisition, disposition, issuance, voting,
registration, sale or transfer of any se