URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1073431/000093639202001297/0000936392-02-001297.txt

REET 1:		7600 WISCONSIN AVENUE SUITE 1100
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3019842206

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INVITROGEN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001073431
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				330373077
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1600 FARADAY AVE
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7606037200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1600 FARADAY AVE
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008

SC TO-T

a84930tsctovt.htm

SCHEDULE TO

Invitrogen Corporation



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Schedule TO (Rule 14d-100)

Tender Offer Statement Under Section 14(d)(1) or
13(e)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

InforMax, Inc.

(Name of Subject Company (Issuer))

Babcock, Inc. (Offeror)

Invitrogen Corporation (Offeror
Parent)

(Names of Filing Persons (identifying status
as offeror, issuer or other person))

Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per
Share

(Title of Class of Securities)

45677N205

(CUSIP Number of Class of
Securities)

Lyle C. Turner

Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer

Invitrogen Corporation

1600 Faraday Avenue

Carlsbad, CA 92008

Telephone: (760) 603-7200

(Name, address and telephone number of person
authorized to receive notices and

communications on behalf of filing
persons)

Copy to:

Jeffrey T. Baglio, Esq.

Marty B. Lorenzo, Esq.

Gray Cary Ware & Freidenrich LLP

4365 Executive Drive, Suite 1100

San Diego, CA 92121-2133

Telephone: (858) 677-1400

Calculation of Filing Fee

Transaction Valuation(1)

Amount of Filing Fee(2)

$42,000,000

$3,864

(1) 

Estimated for purposes of calculating the amount
    of the filing fee only. The amount assumes the purchase of a
    total of (i) 26,200,815 shares of the outstanding
    common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Issuer (the
    Issuer Company Stock) and
    (ii) 4,681,538 shares of Issuer Company Stock issuable
    upon the exercise of outstanding options having an exercise
    price less than or equal to the offer price of $1.36 per share.

(2) 

The amount of the filing fee, calculated in
    accordance with Rule 0-11(a)(2) and Section 14(g)(3)
    of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Fee Rate
    Advisory No. 6 issued by the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on October 18, 2002, equals 0.000092% of the
    transaction valuation.

o

Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as
    provided by Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with
    which the offsetting fee was previously paid. Identify the
    previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or
    Schedule and the date of its filing.

Amount Previously Paid: None

Form or Registration No.: Not applicable

Filing Party: Not applicable

Date Filed: Not applicable

o

Check the box if the filing relates solely to
    preliminary communications made before the commencement of a
    tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate
any transactions to which the statement relates:



third-party tender offer subject to
    Rule 14d-1.

o

issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.

o

going-private transaction subject to
    Rule 13e-3.

o

amendment to Schedule 13D under
    Rule 13d-2.

 Check the following box if the filing is a final
amendment reporting the results of the tender
offer:    
o



Item 12. Exhibits

Item 13. Information Required by Schedule 13E-3

SIGNATURE

EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(1)

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(2)

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(3)

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(4)

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(5)

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(6)

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(7)

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(8)

EXHIBIT 99.(D)(1)

EXHIBIT 99.(D)(2)

EXHIBIT 99.(D)(3)



This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO
(this Schedule TO) is filed by Babcock, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (Purchaser) and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Invitrogen Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(Invitrogen), and by Invitrogen. This
Schedule TO relates to the offer by Purchaser to purchase
all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001
per share (the Shares), of InforMax, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (InforMax), at a purchase price
of $1.36 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase
(the Offer to Purchase) and in the related Letter of
Transmittal, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits
(a)(1) and (a)(2) (which, together with any amendments or
supplements thereto, collectively constitute the
Offer). The information set forth in the Offer is
incorporated herein by reference with respect to Items 1-11
of this Schedule TO. The Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of October 15, 2002, by and among InforMax,
Invitrogen and Purchaser, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit
(d)(1) hereto, is incorporated herein by reference with respect
to Item 5 of this Schedule TO.

Item 12.     

Exhibits

Exhibit

Number

Description

(a)(1)(1)

Offer to Purchase, dated October 25, 2002.

(a)(1)(2)

Form of Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(1)(3)

Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(1)(4)

Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial
    Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(5)

Form of Letter to Clients for Use by Brokers,
    Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(6)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
    Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(1)(7)

Form W-8BEN and Instructions for same.

(a)(1)(8)

Form of Summary Advertisement, dated
    October 25, 2002.

(a)(5)(1)

Text of joint press release issued by Invitrogen
    and InforMax on October 15, 2002.*

(a)(5)(2)

Transcript of joint public conference call hosted
    by Invitrogen and InforMax on October 15, 2002.*

(a)(5)(3)

Presentation materials from webcast hosted by
    Invitrogen and InforMax on October 15, 2002.*

(b)

Not applicable.

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
    October 15, 2002, by and among InforMax, Invitrogen and
    Purchaser.

(d)(2)

Exclusivity Letter Agreement between Invitrogen
    and InforMax, dated October 3, 2002 (including letter dated
    September 25, 2002, containing incorporated provisions).

(d)(3)

Confidentiality Agreement between Invitrogen and
    InforMax, dated June 25, 2002.

(g)

Not applicable.

(h)

Not applicable.

* 

Previously filed.

Item 13.     

Information Required by
    Schedule 13E-3

Not applicable.



SIGNATURE

After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge
and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this
statement is true, complete and correct.

BABCOCK, INC.

By 

/s/ JOHN D. THOMPSON

Name: John D. Thompson

Title:  President and Chief Executive
    Officer

INVITROGEN CORPORATION

By 

/s/ LYLE C. TURNER

Name: Lyle C. Turner

Title:  President and Chief Executive
    Officer

Dated: October 25, 2002



EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit

Number

Description

(a)(1)(1)

Offer to Purchase, dated October 25, 2002.

(a)(1)(2)

Form of Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(1)(3)

Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(1)(4)

Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial
    Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(5)

Form of Letter to Clients for Use by Brokers,
    Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(6)

Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
    Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(1)(7)

Form W-8BEN and Instructions for same.

(a)(1)(8)

Form of Summary Advertisement, dated
    October 25, 2002.

(a)(5)(1)

Text of joint press release issued by Invitrogen
    and InforMax on October 15, 2002.*

(a)(5)(2)

Transcript of joint public conference call hosted
    by Invitrogen and InforMax on October 15, 2002.*

(a)(5)(3)

Presentation materials from webcast hosted by
    Invitrogen and InforMax on October 15, 2002.*

(b)

Not applicable.

(d)(1)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
    October 15, 2002, by and among InforMax, Invitrogen and
    Purchaser.

(d)(2)

Exclusivity Letter Agreement between Invitrogen
    and InforMax, dated October 3, 2002 (including letter dated
    September 25, 2002, containing incorporated provisions).

(d)(3)

Confidentiality Agreement between Invitrogen and
    InforMax, dated June 25, 2002.

(g)

Not applicable.

(h)

Not applicable.

* 

Previously filed.

EX-99.(A)(1)(1)

a84930texv99wxayx1yx1y.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(1)

Exhibit 99.(a)(1)(1)

EXHIBIT (a)(1)(1)

Offer to Purchase for Cash

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

of

InforMax, Inc.

at

$1.36 Net Per Share

by

Babcock, Inc.,

 a wholly owned subsidiary of

Invitrogen Corporation

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT
12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME,

ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2002, UNLESS
THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

THE OFFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED AS OF OCTOBER 15, 2002 (THE
MERGER AGREEMENT), BY AND AMONG INFORMAX, INC., A
DELAWARE CORPORATION (INFORMAX), INVITROGEN
CORPORATION, A DELAWARE CORPORATION (INVITROGEN) AND
BABCOCK, INC., A DELAWARE CORPORATION AND A WHOLLY OWNED
SUBSIDIARY OF PARENT (PURCHASER). THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS OF INFORMAX (A) HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY,
INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER (EACH AS DEFINED IN THIS
OFFER TO PURCHASE), (B) HAS UNANIMOUSLY DETERMINED THAT THE
MERGER IS ADVISABLE AND THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER AND THE
MERGER ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF,
INFORMAXS STOCKHOLDERS (THE STOCKHOLDERS), AND
(C) UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE
OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT THERETO.

THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED, AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO
THE EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED HEREIN), THAT NUMBER OF SHARES
OF COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.001 PER SHARE (THE
SHARES), OF INFORMAX WHICH CONSTITUTES A MAJORITY OF
THE SHARES OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS (AS DEFINED IN
THE MERGER AGREEMENT) ON THE DATE SHARES ARE ACCEPTED FOR
PAYMENT (THE MINIMUM CONDITION). THE OFFER IS ALSO
SUBJECT TO OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS OFFER TO
PURCHASE. THE OFFER IS NOT SUBJECT TO A FINANCING CONDITION. SEE
SECTION 14 CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER.

IMPORTANT

Stockholders who desire to tender all or any
portion of their Shares should either (1) complete and sign
the Letter of Transmittal or a facsimile thereof in accordance
with the instructions in the Letter of Transmittal, and mail or
deliver the Letter of Transmittal or such facsimile with their
certificate(s) for the tendered Shares and any other required
documents to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company
(the depositary for the Offer), (2) follow the procedure
for book-entry tender of Shares set forth in Section 3
Procedure for Tendering Shares of this Offer to
Purchase, or (3) request their broker, dealer, commercial
bank, trust company or other nominee to effect the transaction
for them. Stockholders having Shares registered in the name of a
broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee
are urged to contact such broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust
company or other nominee if they desire to tender such Shares.

A STOCKHOLDER WHO DESIRES TO TENDER SHARES AND
WHOSE CERTIFICATES FOR SUCH SHARES ARE NOT IMMEDIATELY
AVAILABLE, OR WHO CANNOT COMPLY WITH THE PROCEDURE FOR
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER ON A TIMELY BASIS, MAY TENDER SUCH SHARES BY
FOLLOWING THE PROCEDURES FOR GUARANTEED DELIVERY SET FORTH IN
SECTION 3 OF THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE.

Questions and requests for assistance may be
directed to the Information Agent at its address and telephone
number set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase.
Requests for additional copies of this Offer to Purchase and the
Letter of Transmittal may be directed to the Information Agent
or to brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies.

October 25, 2002

The Information Agent for the Offer
is:

105 Madison Ave.

New York, New York 10016

Call Toll Free: (800) 322-2885

Call Collect: (212) 929-5500

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com



Page

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

INTRODUCTION

THE TENDER OFFER

1.

Terms of the Offer

2.

Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares

3.

Procedure for Tendering Shares

4.

Withdrawal Rights

5.

Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
    Offer and the Merger

6.

Price Range of Shares; Dividends

7.

Effect of the Offer on Market for the Shares,
    Stock Market Quotation, and Exchange Act Registration

8.

Certain Information Concerning InforMax

9.

Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and
    Invitrogen

10.

Source and Amount of Funds

11.

Background of the Offer; Contacts with InforMax;
    the Merger Agreement

12.

Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans for
    the Surviving Corporation; Stockholder Approval and Appraisal
    Rights

13.

Dividends and Distributions

14.

Conditions of the Offer

15.

Certain Legal Matters and Regulatory Approvals

16.

Fees and Expenses

17.

Miscellaneous

SCHEDULE I  Information
    Concerning the Directors and Executive Officers of Purchaser

    and Invitrogen

i

SUMMARY TERM SHEET

We are offering to purchase all of the
outstanding common stock of InforMax for $1.36 per share in
cash. The following are some of the questions that you, as a
stockholder of InforMax, may have and answers to those
questions. We urge you to read carefully the remainder of this
Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal because the
information in this summary term sheet is not complete.
Additional important information is contained in the remainder
of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal.

Who is offering to buy my
securities?

Our name is Babcock, Inc. We are a Delaware
corporation formed for the purpose of making a tender offer for
all of the common stock of InforMax and have carried on no
activities other than in connection with the merger agreement
among InforMax, Invitrogen and us. We are a wholly owned
subsidiary of Invitrogen.

Invitrogen develops, manufactures and markets
research tools in kit form and provides other research products
and services to biotechnology and biopharmaceutical researchers
and companies worldwide. Invitrogen also manufactures and
markets products and services that simplify and improve gene
cloning, gene expression, and gene analysis techniques for
corporate, academic and government entities.

See the Introduction to this Offer to
Purchase and Section 9 Certain Information Concerning
Purchaser and Invitrogen.

What are the classes and amounts of securities
sought in the offer?

We are seeking to purchase all of the outstanding
shares of common stock of InforMax. See the
Introduction to this Offer to Purchase and
Section 1 Terms of the Offer.

How much is Babcock, Inc. offering to pay?
What is the form of payment?

We are offering to pay $1.36 per share, net to
you, in cash. See the Introduction to this Offer to
Purchase and Section 1 Terms of the Offer.

Will I have to pay any fees or commissions if
I tender my shares?

If you are the record owner of your shares and
you tender your shares to us in the offer, you will not have to
pay brokerage fees or similar expenses. If you own your shares
through a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders your
shares on your behalf, your broker or nominee may charge you a
fee for doing so. You should consult your broker or nominee to
determine whether any charges will apply. See the
Introduction to this Offer to Purchase and
Section 3 Procedure for Tendering Shares.

Does Babcock, Inc. have the financial
resources to make payment?

Yes. Invitrogen, our parent corporation, will
provide us with sufficient funds to purchase all shares validly
tendered and not withdrawn in the offer and will provide funding
for the merger of us with and into InforMax, which is expected
to follow the successful completion of the offer in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the merger agreement. The offer
is not conditioned on any financing arrangements. See
Section 10 Source and Amount of Funds.

Is Babcock, Inc.s financial condition
relevant to my decision to tender in the offer?

We do not think our financial condition is
relevant to your decision whether to tender in the offer because:

 

Cash, which is immediately available to us from
    our parent corporation, is the only form of payment we are
    paying to holders of InforMax common stock in connection with
    our offer;

 

Our offer is not subject to any financing
    condition; and

 

We are offering to purchase all of the
    outstanding shares of InforMax common stock in our offer.

See Section 10 Source and Amount of
Funds.

What are the most significant conditions to
the offer?

We are not obligated to purchase any shares that
are validly tendered unless the number of shares validly
tendered and not withdrawn before the expiration date of the
offer represents at least a majority of the then outstanding
shares on a fully diluted basis. We call this condition the
Minimum Condition. When we use the term fully
diluted basis, we mean the number of shares outstanding,
together with the shares which InforMax may be required to issue
under vested options, warrants or other convertible securities
or obligations outstanding under employee stock or similar
benefits plans or otherwise.

The offer is also subject to a number of other
conditions. We can waive any or all of the conditions to the
offer in our sole discretion, except for the Minimum Condition.
See Section 1 Terms of the Offer and
Section 14 Conditions of the Offer.

How long do I have to decide whether to tender
my shares of InforMax common stock in your offer?

Unless the offer is extended, you will have until
12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday,
November 22, 2002, to tender your shares in the offer. If
you cannot deliver everything that is required in order to make
a valid tender by that time, you may be able to use a guaranteed
delivery procedure, which is described later in this Offer to
Purchase. See Section 1 Terms of the Offer and
Section 3 Procedures for Tendering Shares.

Will the offer be extended and under what
circumstances?

Subject to the terms of the merger agreement,
including the parties rights to terminate the merger
agreement, we can extend the offer. We have agreed with InforMax
in the merger agreement that:

 

We may extend the offer without InforMaxs
    consent for successive extension periods of up to
    20 business days if any one or more of the specified
    conditions to the offer are not satisfied, until such condition
    or conditions have been satisfied;

 

InforMax may require us to extend the offer on
    one or more occasions for additional periods of up to
    20 business days on each such extension occasion if the
    only condition that is not satisfied is the Minimum Condition or
    certain other conditions contained in Annex A of the merger
    agreement;

 

Provided Invitrogen and we waive certain
    conditions to the offer and agree not to assert them as a basis
    for not completing the offer, we may extend the offer for up to
    20 business days if the conditions to the offer have been
    satisfied but an insufficient number of shares have been
    tendered to allow the merger to be effected without a vote of
    InforMaxs stockholders in accordance with Section 253
    of the Delaware General Corporation Law; and

 

We may extend the offer for any period required
    by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the
    Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff that is
    applicable to the offer.

Additionally, without the consent of InforMax, we
may provide for a subsequent offering period of up
to 20 business days. A subsequent offering period is
different than an extension of the offer. During a subsequent
offering period, you would not be able to withdraw any of the
shares that you had already tendered (because we would have
already accepted those shares for payment). You also would not
be able to withdraw any of the shares that you tender during the
subsequent offering period. For more details on our ability to
extend the offer, see Section 1 Terms of the
Offer.

How will I be notified if you extend your
offer?

If we extend the offer, we will inform American
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the depositary for the
offer) of that fact and we will make a public announcement of
the extension not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time,
on the next business day after the day on which the offer was
scheduled to expire. See Section 1 Terms of the
Offer.

How do I tender my shares?

To tender shares, you must deliver the
certificates representing your shares, together with a completed
letter of transmittal and any other documents required by the
letter of transmittal, to American Stock Transfer &
Trust Company, the depositary for the offer, not later than the
time the offer expires.

If your shares are held in street name (i.e.,
through a broker, dealer or other nominee), the shares can be
tendered by your nominee in a book-entry transfer through The
Depository Trust Company.

If you are unable to deliver any required
document or instrument to the depositary by the expiration of
the offer, you may gain some extra time by having a broker, a
bank or other fiduciary that is an eligible institution
guarantee that the missing items will be received by the
depositary within three Nasdaq National Market trading days. For
the tender to be valid, however, they must receive the missing
items within that three trading day period.

See Section 3 Procedures for Tendering
Shares.

Until what time may I withdraw previously
tendered shares?

Shares tendered pursuant to the offer may be
(i) withdrawn prior to the expiration of the offer and
(ii) unless we have already accepted such shares for
payment pursuant to the offer, may be withdrawn at any time
after December 23, 2002. See Section 1 Terms of
the Offer and Section 4 Withdrawal
Rights. If we choose to provide a subsequent offering
period, you would not be able to withdraw any of the shares that
you had already tendered. You also would not be able to withdraw
any of the shares that you tender during a subsequent offering
period.

How do I withdraw previously tendered
shares?

To withdraw shares previously tendered, you (or
if your shares are held in street name, the broker,
dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee that
holds your shares) must deliver a written notice of withdrawal,
or a facsimile of one, with the required information to the
depositary while you still have the right to withdraw the
shares. See Section 4 Withdrawal Rights.

What is the board of directors of InforMax
recommending to stockholders with regards to the
offer?

We are making the offer pursuant to the merger
agreement among Invitrogen, InforMax and us. The board of
directors of InforMax has unanimously approved the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by it, including the
offer and the merger of us into InforMax upon completion of the
offer. The board of directors of InforMax has unanimously
determined that the merger is advisable and that the terms of
the offer and the merger of us with and into InforMax upon
completion of the offer are fair to, and in the best interests
of, the stockholders of InforMax and has unanimously recommended
that the stockholders of InforMax accept the offer and tender
their shares to us. See the Introduction to this
Offer to Purchase.

The factors considered by the InforMax board of
directors in making the determinations and recommendations
described above are described in InforMaxs Solicitation/
Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, which has been
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is
enclosed with this Offer to Purchase.

Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., which
acted as the financial advisor to the board of directors of
InforMax, delivered an opinion to the InforMax board of
directors, dated October 14, 2002, to the effect that as of
such date and subject to the qualifications, assumptions and
limitations stated in its written opinion, the offer price

to be paid to tendering stockholders pursuant to
our offer and to be paid to holders of InforMax common stock in
the related merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to
the holders of shares of InforMax common stock. You are urged
to, and should, carefully read InforMaxs Solicitation/
Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 and the opinion
of Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., which is included in
that document in its entirety.

Will the offer be followed by a merger if all
shares of InforMax are not tendered in the offer?

If we accept for payment and pay for at least a
majority of the shares of InforMax common stock on a fully
diluted basis, we will, subject to certain conditions, be merged
with and into InforMax. If that merger takes place, Invitrogen
will own all of the shares of InforMax, and all other persons
who were stockholders of InforMax immediately prior to the
merger (other than stockholders properly exercising appraisal
rights) will receive $1.36 per share in cash (or any higher
price per share that is paid in the offer). See the
Introduction to this Offer to Purchase.

If the offer is completed, will InforMax
continue as a public company?

No. Following the purchase of shares in the
offer, we expect to promptly complete the merger. If the merger
takes place, InforMax no longer will be publicly owned. Even if
for some reason the merger does not take place, if we purchase
all of the tendered shares, there may be so few remaining
stockholders and publicly held shares that:

 

There may not be enough stockholders or shares to
    be listed on the Nasdaq National Market or any other securities
    market or exchange;

 

There may not be any public trading market for
    InforMax common stock; and

 

InforMax may cease making filings with the SEC or
    otherwise cease being required to comply with the SEC rules
    relating to publicly held companies.

See Section 7 Effect of the Offer on
Market for the Shares, Stock Market Quotation, and Exchange Act
Registration.

If I decide not to tender, how will the offer
affect my shares?

If you decide not to tender and we purchase
shares pursuant to the offer, the merger described will, subject
to certain conditions, take place, and stockholders not
tendering in the offer will receive the same amount of cash per
share that they would have received had they tendered their
shares in the offer (subject to any appraisal rights properly
exercised under Delaware law), without interest, but such
stockholders will only be paid once the merger has occurred.
Therefore, if you tender your shares in the offer, you will be
paid earlier than if you wait until after the merger to
surrender your shares. If the merger does not take place,
however, the number of stockholders and the number of shares of
InforMax that are still in the hands of the public may be so
small that there may no longer be an active public trading
market (or, possibly, there may not be any public trading
market) for InforMaxs shares.

Furthermore, InforMax recently was not in
compliance with the $1.00 minimum bid price listing
requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq and has been
notified by Nasdaq that InforMax has until October 29, 2002
to demonstrate a closing bid price of at least $1.00 per share
or more for a minimum of ten consecutive trading days. If
InforMax fails to meet Nasdaqs listing requirement by
October 29, 2002, InforMaxs common stock may be
delisted from the Nasdaq National Market. Also, InforMax may
cease making filings with the SEC or otherwise cease being
required to comply with the SEC rules relating to publicly held
companies. See Section 7 Effect of Offer on Market
for Shares, Stock Market Quotation, and Exchange Act
Registration.

If we purchase shares in the offer, we will be
entitled to designate that number of directors to represent us
on the InforMax board of directors that is proportionate to the
number of shares we hold. That means that if we acquire a
majority of the outstanding shares in the offer, we will control
the selection of a majority of

InforMaxs board of directors. In addition,
at the effective time of the merger, directors selected by us
will replace the directors of InforMax. See Section 11
Background of the Offer; Contacts with InforMax; the
Merger Agreement.

Will there be appraisal rights in connection
with the offer?

There are no appraisal rights in connection with
the offer. However, if the merger takes place, stockholders who
have not tendered their shares in the offer will have appraisal
rights under Delaware law. If you choose to exercise your
appraisal rights in connection with the merger, and you comply
with the applicable legal requirements under Delaware law, you
will be entitled to payment for your shares based on a fair and
independent appraisal of the market value of your shares. This
market value may be more or less than the $1.36 per share that
we are offering to pay you for your shares in the offer. See
Section 12 Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; Plans
for the Surviving Corporation; Stockholder Approval and
Appraisal Rights.

What is the market value of my shares of
InforMax common stock?

On October 14, 2002, the last trading day
before we announced the signing of the merger agreement, the
closing price of InforMaxs common stock reported on Nasdaq
was $0.56 per share. We encourage you to obtain a recent
quotation for shares of InforMaxs common stock in deciding
whether to tender your shares. See Section 6 Price
Range of Shares; Dividends.

What are the United States federal income tax
consequences of tendering shares?

The receipt of cash in exchange for tendering
shares pursuant to either the offer or the merger will generally
be treated as a taxable sale of the shares for United States
federal income tax purposes. More specifically, a stockholder
who sells shares pursuant to the tender offer for cash or,
alternatively, receives cash in exchange for shares pursuant to
the merger, will recognize gain or loss for United States
federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any,
between the amount of cash received and the stockholders
adjusted tax basis in the shares sold pursuant to the offer or
exchanged pursuant to the merger. As discussed below in
Section 5 Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences of
the Offer and the Merger, if the shares sold or exchanged
constitute capital assets in the hands of the stockholder, such
gain or loss will be a capital gain or loss. In general, capital
gains recognized by a non-corporate taxpayer are subject to a
maximum United States federal income tax rate of 20% if the
shares were held for more than one year. If the shares were held
for one year or less, they are subject to federal income tax at
the particular stockholders ordinary income tax rate. If,
however, the sale or exchange of shares results in a capital
loss, such loss is deductible only to the extent of the
particular non-corporate stockholders capital gains plus
$3,000 of ordinary income. Stockholders should consult their own
tax advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to
them (including the application and effect of any state, local
or foreign income and other tax laws) of both the offer and the
merger described in this document. See Section 5 Certain
Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer and the
Merger.

To whom may I speak if I have questions about
the tender offer?

You may call the information agent for the offer,
MacKenzie Partners, Inc. at (800) 322-2885. See the back
cover of this Offer to Purchase. You may also contact your
broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company or other
nominee for assistance concerning the offer.

TO THE HOLDERS OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF
INFORMAX, INC.

INTRODUCTION

Babcock, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Invitrogen Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(Invitrogen), hereby offers to purchase all of the
outstanding shares (the Shares) of common stock, par
value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) of
InforMax, Inc., a Delaware corporation (InforMax),
at a price of $1.36 per Share, without interest thereon, net to
the seller in cash (the Offer Price), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in this Offer to
Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, as may
be amended and supplemented from time to time, together
constitute the Offer). The Offer to Purchase is
being made for the Shares and the associated share purchase
rights that attach to the Shares (the Rights) which
Rights will be acquired by Purchaser in the Offer along with the
Shares for no additional consideration.

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as
of October 15, 2002, by and among Invitrogen, Purchaser and
InforMax. The Merger Agreement provides that, among other
things, as soon as practicable after the purchase of Shares
pursuant to the Offer and the satisfaction or, if permissible,
waiver of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement,
including the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer
(sometimes referred to herein as the consummation or
completion of the Offer) and the adoption of the
Merger Agreement by the stockholders of InforMax (the
Stockholders) (if required by applicable law) in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the DGCL), Purchaser will be merged
with and into InforMax (the Merger). Following
consummation of the Merger, InforMax will continue as the
surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation)
and will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Invitrogen. The
purpose of the Offer and the Merger is to facilitate the
acquisition by Invitrogen of all of the Shares for cash and
thereby enable Invitrogen to own 100% of the Shares. At the
effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time),
each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time held by the Stockholders (other than Invitrogen,
Purchaser and any other wholly owned subsidiary of Invitrogen)
will be canceled and, subject to appraisal rights of dissenting
Stockholders under the DGCL, converted automatically into the
right to receive $1.36 in cash or, in the event any higher price
is paid in the Offer, such higher price (the Merger
Consideration), without interest. The Merger Agreement is
more fully described in Section 11 Background of the
Offer; Contacts with InforMax; the Merger Agreement.
Stockholders who hold their Shares at the time of the Merger and
who fully comply with the statutory dissenters procedures
set forth in the DGCL will be entitled to dissent from the
Merger and have the fair value of their Shares (which may be
more than, equal to, or less than the Merger Consideration)
judicially determined and paid to them in cash pursuant to the
procedures prescribed by the DGCL. 
DISSENTERS RIGHTS
ARE AVAILABLE ONLY IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER AND NOT IN
CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER. SEE SECTION 12 PURPOSE OF
THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; PLANS FOR THE SURVIVING CORPORATION;
STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL AND APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF INFORMAX HAS
UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER
(COLLECTIVELY, THE TRANSACTIONS), HAS UNANIMOUSLY
DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER IS ADVISABLE AND THAT TERMS OF THE
OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF,
THE STOCKHOLDERS, AND HAS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDED THAT THE
STOCKHOLDERS ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT
THERETO.

InforMax has advised Invitrogen that Bear,
Stearns & Co. Inc., InforMaxs financial advisor
(Bear Stearns), has delivered to the InforMax its
written opinion, dated October 14, 2002, to the effect
that, as of that date and based on and subject to the matters
stated in such opinion, the consideration to be received by the
Stockholders pursuant to each of the Offer and the Merger is
fair, from a financial point of view, to the Stockholders. A
copy of the written opinion of Bear Stearns is contained in
InforMaxs Solicitation/ Recommendation Statement on
Schedule 14D-9 (the Schedule 14D-9) filed
with the Securities and

Exchange Commission (the SEC) in
connection with the Offer, a copy of which is being furnished to
the Stockholders concurrently with this Offer to Purchase.

Stockholders are urged to carefully read the full text of the
Schedule 14D-9, including Bear Stearns written
opinion, which is included in that document in its entirety.

THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED, AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO
THE EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED HEREIN), THAT NUMBER OF SHARES
OF COMMON STOCK WHICH CONSTITUTES A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES OF
COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS (AS DEFINED IN
SECTION 14 CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER) ON THE DATE
SHARES ARE ACCEPTED FOR PAYMENT (THE MINIMUM
CONDITION). THE OFFER IS ALSO SUBJECT TO OTHER TERMS AND
CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE, AS DESCRIBED IN
SECTION 14 CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER. EITHER
INVITROGEN OR PURCHASER, IN ITS DISCRETION, MAY WAIVE THESE
CONDITIONS.

The consummation of the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction of certain conditions, including (if required by
the DGCL) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the
affirmative vote of the holders of more than fifty percent (50%)
of all the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the
outstanding Shares. Under the DGCL and pursuant to
InforMaxs certificate of incorporation, as amended, the
affirmative vote of the holders of more than fifty percent (50%)
of all the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the
outstanding Shares is the only vote that would be necessary to
adopt the Merger Agreement at any required meeting of
Stockholders.

If Purchaser acquires at least 90% of the then
issued and outstanding Shares, under the DGCL, Purchasers
board of directors will be able to adopt a plan of merger to
effect the Merger without a vote of Stockholders, pursuant to
Section 253 of the DGCL (a
Short-Form Merger). If Purchaser does not
acquire at least 90% of the then issued and outstanding Shares,
a vote of the Stockholders will be required under the DGCL to
effect the Merger, and a significantly longer period of time
will be required to effect the Merger. To facilitate the
accomplishment of a Short-Form Merger, InforMax has granted
Invitrogen and Purchaser an irrevocable option, exercisable only
on or after the Expiration Date and subject to Purchaser
accepting for payment and purchasing pursuant to the Offer (and
any subsequent offering period) at least 85% of the Shares then
outstanding, to purchase the number of additional Shares, at a
price per Share equal to the Offer Price, necessary to result in
the ownership by Purchaser of one Share more than 90% of the
Shares then outstanding. Invitrogen, Purchaser and InforMax have
agreed to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the
Merger to become effective as promptly as practicable after the
consummation of the Offer.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement, including the parties right to terminate the
Merger Agreement: (a) Invitrogen and Purchaser may extend
the Offer for successive extension periods of up to twenty
(20) business days if any one or more specified conditions
to the Offer are not satisfied, until such condition or
conditions have been satisfied; (b) InforMax may require
Purchaser to extend the Offer on one or more occasions for
additional periods of up to twenty (20) business days on
each such extension occasion if the only condition that is not
satisfied is the Minimum Condition or certain other conditions
contained in 
Annex A
 of the Merger Agreement;
(c) Invitrogen and Purchaser may also extend the Offer for
any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or
position of the SEC or its staff that is applicable to the
Offer; and (d) provided that Invitrogen and Purchaser
irrevocably waive certain conditions to the Offer and agree not
to assert such conditions as a basis for not completing the
Offer, Invitrogen and Purchaser may extend the Offer for up to
twenty (20) business days if the Minimum Condition has been
satisfied but an insufficient number of Shares have been
tendered to allow a Short-Form Merger.

Purchaser may, without the consent of InforMax,
elect to provide a subsequent offering period of up
to twenty (20) business days in accordance with
Rule 14d-11 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
(the Exchange Act). Pursuant to the rules of the
SEC, in order to provide a subsequent offering period after the
expiration of the Offer, Purchaser would have to accept and
promptly pay for all Shares tendered during the initial offering
period. In addition, Purchaser would have to immediately accept
and promptly pay for all Shares as they were tendered during the
subsequent offering period. A subsequent offering period would
not be

an extension of the Offer. It would be an
additional period of time in which Stockholders could tender
Shares not tendered during the Offer. During a subsequent
offering period, Stockholders would not be able to withdraw any
of the Shares that were already tendered, nor any of the Shares
that were tendered during the subsequent offering period.

ACCORDING TO INFORMAX, AS OF OCTOBER 18, 2002,
THERE WERE 26,202,756 SHARES ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING, HELD BY
APPROXIMATELY 100 HOLDERS OF RECORD, AND
9,582,001 SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF OUTSTANDING
STOCK OPTIONS AND 65,080 SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF
OUTSTANDING WARRANTS. BASED ON THE ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
SHARES, OPTIONS AND WARRANTS AS OF OCTOBER 18, 2002, THE
MINIMUM CONDITION WOULD BE SATISFIED IF AT LEAST
17,924,919 SHARES ARE TENDERED IN THE OFFER AND NOT
WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE CLOSE OF THE OFFER. BASED ON THE NUMBER
OF ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING SHARES (WHICH NUMBER IS SUBJECT TO
INCREASE UPON THE EXERCISE OF OUTSTANDING OPTIONS AND WARRANTS
OR THE TOP-UP OPTION), PURCHASER WOULD BE ABLE TO EFFECT A
SHORT-FORM MERGER IF 23,582,481 SHARES ARE OWNED BY
PURCHASER UPON CONSUMMATION OF THE OFFER.

Tendering Stockholders who tender Shares directly
will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions or,
subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal,
stock transfer taxes, if any, with respect to the purchase of
Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. However, any
tendering Stockholder or other payee who fails to complete and
sign the Substitute Form W-9 (or as applicable,
Form W-8BEN) included in the Letter of Transmittal may be
subject to required backup federal income tax withholding of 30%
of the gross proceeds payable to such Stockholder or other payee
pursuant to the Offer. Purchaser will pay all charges and
expenses of American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as
Depositary (the Depositary) and MacKenzie Partners,
Inc., as Information Agent (the Information Agent)
in connection with the Offer. See Section 16 Fees and
Expenses.

THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER
OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION WHICH SHOULD BE
READ CAREFULLY BEFORE ANY DECISION IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE
OFFER.

THE TENDER OFFER

1.     
Terms of the
Offer.
 Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the
Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms
and conditions of such extension or amendment), Purchaser will
accept for payment, and pay for, all Shares validly tendered and
not withdrawn on or prior to the Expiration Date (as herein
defined). The term Expiration Date means
12:00 midnight, New York City time, on November 22,
2002, unless and until Purchaser, in accordance with the terms
of the Merger Agreement, extends the period for which the Offer
is open, in which event the term Expiration Date
will mean the time and date on which the Offer, including any
extensions of the Offer, expires.

Subject to the applicable rules and regulations
of the SEC, Purchaser expressly reserves the right, in its sole
discretion (but subject to the terms and conditions of the
Merger Agreement), at any time, (1) to extend for any
reason the period of time during which the Offer is open,
(2) to terminate the Offer and not accept payment for, or
to delay the acceptance for payment of, and any payment for, any
tendered Shares, as a result of any of the conditions referred
to in Section 14 Conditions of the Offer having
not been satisfied or upon the occurrence of any of the events
specified in Section 15 Certain Legal Matters and
Regulatory Approvals and (3) to waive any condition
of the Offer; in each case by giving oral or written notice of
such delay or waiver to the Depository and making a public
announcement thereof. During any such extension, all Shares
previously tendered and not withdrawn will remain subject to the
Offer, subject to the right of a tendering stockholder to
withdraw his Shares.

Each of Purchaser and Invitrogen also expressly
reserves the right to modify the terms of the Offer, except
that, without the prior written consent of InforMax, no change
in the Offer may be made which amends the Minimum Condition,
waives the condition related to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976 (the HSR Act), decreases
the Offer Price, reduces the number of Shares to be sought in
the Offer, changes the form of consideration being offered for
the Shares, imposes additional conditions to the Offer other
than those set forth below under Section 14
Conditions of the Offer, amends or modifies any
other condition of the Offer in a manner adverse to the holders
of the Shares, or extends the Offer (except as set forth in the
next paragraph).

Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to the
terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including the
parties right to terminate the Merger Agreement:
(a) Invitrogen and Purchaser may extend the Offer for
successive extension periods of up to twenty (20) business
days if any one or more of specified conditions to the Offer are
not satisfied, until such condition or conditions have been
satisfied; (b) InforMax may require Purchaser to extend the
Offer on one or more occasions for additional periods of up to
twenty (20) business days on each such extension occasion
if the only condition that is not satisfied is the Minimum
Condition or certain other conditions contained in Annex A
of the Merger Agreement; (c) Invitrogen and Purchaser may
also extend the Offer for any period required by any rule,
regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC or its staff
that is applicable to the Offer; and (d) provided that
Invitrogen and Purchaser irrevocably waive certain conditions to
the Offer and agree not to assert such conditions as a basis for
not consummating the Offer, Invitrogen and Purchaser may extend
the Offer for up to twenty (20) business days if the
Minimum Condition has been satisfied but an insufficient number
of Shares have been tendered to allow a Short-Form Merger to be
effected. During any such extension, all Shares previously
tendered and not withdrawn will remain subject to the Offer,
subject to the right of a tendering Stockholder to withdraw
their Shares. See Section 4 Withdrawal Rights.

Purchaser may also, without the consent of
InforMax, elect to provide a subsequent offering
period for up to twenty (20) business days in
accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act.
Pursuant to the rules of the SEC, in order to provide a
subsequent offering period after the expiration of the Offer,
Purchaser would have to accept and promptly pay for all Shares
tendered during the initial offering period. In addition,
Purchaser would have to immediately accept and promptly pay for
all Shares as they are tendered during the subsequent offering
period. A subsequent offering period would not be an extension
of the Offer. It would be an additional period of time in which
the Stockholders could tender Shares not tendered during the
Offer. During a subsequent offering period, Stockholders would
not be able to withdraw Shares previously tendered

in the Offer and Stockholders would not be able
to withdraw Shares tendered during the subsequent offering
period.

Oral or written notice of any extension of the
Expiration Date or the provision of a subsequent offering period
would be given to the Depositary and a public announcement would
be made by no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the
next business day after the previously scheduled expiration
date. Subject to applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(d),
14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act), which require that
material changes be promptly disseminated to Stockholders in a
manner reasonably designed to inform them of such change) and
without limiting the manner in which Purchaser may choose to
make any public announcement, Purchaser will have no obligation
to publish, advertise or otherwise communicate any such public
announcement other than by issuing a press release or other
announcement.

If Purchaser makes a material change in the terms
of the Offer or the information concerning the Offer, Purchaser
will disseminate additional tender offer materials and will
extend the Offer to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(d),
14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act.

Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, if,
prior to the Expiration Date, Purchaser should increase the
consideration being offered in the Offer, such increase in the
consideration being offered will be applicable to all
Stockholders whose Shares are accepted for payment pursuant to
the Offer and, if at the time notice of any increase in the
consideration being offered is first published, sent or given to
holders of such Shares, the Offer is scheduled to expire at any
time earlier than the period ending on the tenth business day
from and including the date that such notice is first so
published, sent or given, the Offer will be extended at least
until the expiration of such ten (10) business day period.
For purposes of the Offer, a business day means any
day other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday and
consists of the time period from 12:01 a.m. through
12:00 midnight, New York City time.

InforMax has provided Purchaser with mailing
labels containing the names and addresses of all record holders
of Shares and security position listings of Shares held in stock
depositories, together with all other available listings and
computer files containing names, addresses and security position
listings of record holders and beneficial owners of Shares.
Using these labels and lists, the Offer will be mailed to record
holders of Shares, will be furnished to brokers, dealers,
commercial banks, trust companies and similar persons whose
names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on these lists for
subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares, and may
be mailed directly to beneficial owners.

2.     
Acceptance for
Payment and Payment for Shares.
 Upon the terms and subject
to satisfaction of the conditions of the Offer (including, if
the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of
any such extension or amendment), Purchaser will accept for
payment, and will pay for, all Shares validly tendered prior to
the Expiration Date and not properly withdrawn, promptly after
the Expiration Date. Subject to applicable rules of the SEC,
Purchaser expressly reserves the right to delay acceptance for
payment of, or payment for, Shares in order to comply, in whole
or in part, with any applicable law. If Purchaser decides to
include a subsequent offering period, Purchaser will accept for
payment and promptly pay for all validly tendered shares as they
are received in the subsequent offering period.

In all cases, payment for Shares tendered and
accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only
after timely receipt by the Depositary of (a) the
certificates representing tendered Shares (the
Certificates) or timely confirmation of a book-entry
transfer (a Book-Entry Confirmation) of such Shares
into the Depositarys account at The Depository Trust
Company (the Book-Entry Transfer Facility) pursuant
to Section 3 Procedure for Tendering Shares,
(b) the Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof),
properly completed and duly executed, or an Agents Message
(as defined in Section 3 Procedure for Tendering
Shares) in connection with a book-entry transfer, and
(c) any other documents required by the Letter of
Transmittal.

For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser will be
deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased,
Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn if, as and when
Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the Depositary of
Purchasers acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant
to the Offer. Payment for each Share accepted for payment
pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the Offer Price
therefor with the

Depositary, which will act as agent for the
tendering Stockholders for the purposes of receiving payments
from Purchaser and transmitting such payments to the tendering
Stockholders whose Shares have been accepted for payment. If,
for any reason whatsoever, acceptance for payment of any Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer is delayed, or Purchaser is
unable to accept for payment Shares tendered pursuant to the
Offer, then, without prejudice to Purchasers rights, the
Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of Purchaser, retain
tendered Shares, and such Shares may not be withdrawn, except to
the extent that the tendering Stockholders are entitled to
withdrawal rights as described in Section 4
Withdrawal Rights and as otherwise required by
Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act. 
Under no
circumstances will interest be paid on the Offer Price paid by
Purchaser for tendered Shares, regardless of any delay in making
such payment
.

If any tendering Shares are not accepted for
payment for any reason pursuant to the terms and conditions of
the Offer or if Certificates are submitted evidencing more
Shares than are tendered or accepted for payment, Certificates
for such unpurchased Shares will be returned, without expense to
the tendering Stockholder (or, in the case of Shares tendered by
book-entry transfer into the Depositarys account at a
Book-Entry Transfer Facility pursuant to the procedures set
forth in Section 3 Procedure for Tendering
Shares, such Shares will be credited to an account
maintained with such Book-Entry Transfer Facility), as promptly
as practicable following expiration or termination of the Offer.

Purchaser reserves the right to assign, in whole
or from time to time in part, to Invitrogen or to any direct or
indirect subsidiary of Invitrogen the right to purchase all or
any portion of the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, but
any such assignment will not relieve Purchaser of its
obligations under the Offer or the Merger Agreement and will in
no way prejudice the rights of tendering Stockholders to receive
payment for Shares validly tendered and accepted for payment
pursuant to the Offer.

3.     
Procedure for
Tendering Shares.

Valid Tender of Shares.

In order for a holder of Shares to
validly tender Shares pursuant to the Offer, a properly
completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a
facsimile thereof) in accordance with the instructions of the
Letter of Transmittal, together with any required signature
guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an
Agents Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal), and
any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, must
be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date at
one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer
to Purchase, and either (i) the Certificates evidencing
tendered Shares must be received by the Depositary at such
address or such Shares must be tendered pursuant to the
procedures for book-entry transfer described below (and a
Book-Entry Confirmation of such delivery received by the
Depositary, including an Agents Message if the tendering
Stockholder has not delivered a Letter of Transmittal), prior to
the Expiration Date or (ii) the tendering Stockholder must
comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below.
The term Agents Message means a message,
transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received
by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry
Confirmation, which states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in
such Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the Shares which are
the subject of such Book-Entry Confirmation, that such
participant has received and agrees to be bound by the terms of
the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce such
agreement against the participant.

THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATES, THE
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS,
INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, IS
AT THE ELECTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER, AND
DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE
DEPOSITARY. IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT THE
STOCKHOLDER USE PROPERLY INSURED REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN
RECEIPT REQUESTED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

Book-Entry Delivery.

The Depositary will establish accounts with respect to the
Shares at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility for purposes of the
Offer within two business days after the date of this Offer to
Purchase. Any financial institution that is a participant in the
Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys system may make book-entry
delivery of the Shares by causing the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility to transfer such Shares

into the Depositarys account in accordance
with the Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys procedure for such
transfer. Although delivery of Shares may be effected through
book-entry at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, the Letter of
Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly
executed, together with any required signature guarantees, or an
Agents Message in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal, and
any other required documents, must, in any case, be received by
the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date at one or more of
its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to
Purchase, or the tendering Stockholder must comply with the
guaranteed delivery procedure described below. Delivery of
documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility does not
constitute delivery to the Depositary.

Signature
Guarantees.
 Signatures on a Letter of
Transmittal need not be guaranteed (a) if the Letter of
Transmittal is signed by the registered holder (which term, for
purposes of this section, includes any participant in any of the
Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys systems whose name appears
on a security position listing as the owner of the Shares) of
Shares and such registered holder has not completed either the
box entitled Special Payment Instructions or the box
entitled Special Delivery Instructions on the Letter
of Transmittal or (b) if such Shares are tendered for the
account of an Eligible Institution (as defined below).
Otherwise, all signatures on a Letter of Transmittal must be
guaranteed by a firm which is a bank, broker, dealer, credit
union, savings association or other entity that is a member in
good standing of the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion
Program, or by any other eligible guarantor
institution, as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15
under the Exchange Act (each of the foregoing being referred to
as an Eligible Institution). See Instructions 1
and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal. In addition, if a
Certificate is registered in the name of a person other than the
signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made
or Certificates for Shares not tendered or not accepted for
payment are to be returned to a person other than the registered
holder of the Certificates surrendered, then the tendered
Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate
stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names
of the registered owner or owners appear on the Certificates,
with the signatures on the Certificates or stock powers
guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See Instructions 1
and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal.

Guaranteed Delivery.

If a Stockholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to the Offer
and such Stockholders Certificates evidencing such Shares
are not immediately available or time will not permit all
required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date or the procedure for book-entry transfer cannot
be completed on a timely basis, such Shares may nevertheless be
tendered if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) the tender is made by or through an
    Eligible Institution (as described above under Signature
    Guarantees);

(b) a properly completed and duly executed
    Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form
    provided by Purchaser herewith, is received by the Depositary as
    provided below prior to the Expiration Date; and

(c) the Certificates (or a Book-Entry
    Confirmation) representing all tendered Shares, in proper form
    for transfer together with a properly completed and duly
    executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), with any
    required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry
    transfer, an Agents Message) and any other documents
    required by the Letter of Transmittal are received by the
    Depositary within three trading days after the date of execution
    of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. A trading day
    is any day on which the Nasdaq National Market
    (Nasdaq) is open for business.

Any Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be
delivered by hand or mail or transmitted by telegram, telex or
facsimile transmission to the Depositary and must include a
guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in
the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery made available by Purchaser.

In all cases, payment for Shares tendered and
accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only
after timely receipt by the Depositary of (a) Certificates
for (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation, if available) such
Shares, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof),
properly completed and duly executed, with any required
signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer,
an Agents Message), and (c) any other documents
required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering

Stockholders may be paid at different times
depending upon when certificates for Shares or Book-Entry
Confirmations with respect to the Shares are actually received
by the Depositary. 
Under no circumstances will interest be
paid on the Offer Price paid by Purchaser for tendered Shares,
regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making
such payment
.

Determination of
Validity.
 All questions as to the
validity, form, eligibility (including time of receipt) and
acceptance for payment of any tender of Shares will be
determined by Purchaser, in its sole discretion, whose
determination will be final and binding on all parties.
Purchaser reserves the absolute right to reject any and all
tenders of Shares determined by it not to be in proper form or
the acceptance for payment of which, or payment for, such Shares
may, in the opinion of Purchasers counsel, be unlawful.
Purchaser and Invitrogen also reserve the absolute right, in
their sole discretion, to waive any of the conditions of the
Offer or any defect or irregularity in the tender of any Shares
of any particular Stockholder, whether or not similar defects or
irregularities are waived in the case of other Stockholders. No
tender of Shares will be deemed to have been validly made until
all defects and irregularities relating thereto have been cured
or waived. None of Purchaser, Invitrogen, the Depositary, the
Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to
give notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or
will incur any liability for failure to give any such
notification. Purchasers interpretation of the terms and
conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and
instructions thereto) will be final and binding.

Appointment of
Proxy.
 By executing a Letter of
Transmittal as set forth above, a tendering Stockholder
irrevocably appoints designees of Purchaser as such
Stockholders proxies, in the manner set forth in the
Letter of Transmittal, each with full power of substitution, to
the full extent of such Stockholders rights with respect
to the Shares tendered by such Stockholder and accepted for
payment by Purchaser (and with respect to all other Shares or
other securities issued or issuable in respect of such Shares)
on or after the date of this Offer to Purchase. All such proxies
will be considered coupled with an interest in the tendered
Shares. This appointment is effective if, when, and only to the
extent that Purchaser accepts such Shares for payment pursuant
to the Offer. Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior
proxies given by such Stockholder will be revoked, and no
subsequent proxies may be given nor any subsequent written
consent executed by such Stockholder (and, if given, will not be
deemed effective) with respect thereto. Purchasers
designees will, with respect to the Shares for which the
appointment is effective, be empowered to exercise all voting
and other rights of such Stockholder as they, in their sole
discretion, may deem proper at any annual, special or adjourned
meeting of the Stockholders, by written consent in lieu of any
such meeting or otherwise. Purchaser reserves the right to
require that, in order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered,
immediately upon Purchasers payment for such Shares,
Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting rights with
respect to such Shares.

The foregoing proxies are effective only upon
acceptance for payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer. The
Offer does not constitute a solicitation of proxies, absent a
purchase of Shares, for any meeting of the Stockholders, which
will be made only pursuant to separate proxy solicitation
materials complying with the Exchange Act.

Other Requirements.

Purchasers acceptance for payment of the Shares tendered
pursuant to any of the procedures described above will
constitute a binding agreement between the tendering Stockholder
and Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
the Offer.

TO PREVENT BACKUP FEDERAL INCOME TAX
WITHHOLDING WITH RESPECT TO PAYMENT TO CERTAIN STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE OFFER PRICE, EACH SUCH STOCKHOLDER MUST PROVIDE THE
DEPOSITARY WITH SUCH STOCKHOLDERS CORRECT TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER AND CERTIFY THAT SUCH STOCKHOLDER IS NOT
SUBJECT TO BACKUP FEDERAL INCOME TAX WITHHOLDING BY COMPLETING
THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 (OR AS APPLICABLE, FORM W-8BEN) IN
THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL. IF BACKUP WITHHOLDING APPLIES WITH
RESPECT TO A STOCKHOLDER, THE DEPOSITARY IS REQUIRED TO WITHHOLD
30% OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO SUCH STOCKHOLDER. SEE
INSTRUCTION 10 OF THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

4.     
Withdrawal
Rights. 
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be
withdrawn at any time prior to the Expiration Date and, unless
such Shares have already been accepted for payment by Purchaser
pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after
December 23, 2002. If Purchaser extends the Offer, is
delayed in its acceptance for payment of Shares, or is unable to
accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer for any reason,
then, without prejudice to Purchasers rights under the
Offer, the Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of Purchaser,
retain tendered Shares, and such Shares may not be withdrawn
except to the extent that tendering Stockholders are entitled to
withdrawal rights as set forth in this Section 4.

For a withdrawal to be effective, a written,
telegraphic or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must
be timely received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set
forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. Any such
notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who
tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be
withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of such Shares,
if different from that of the person who tendered such Shares.
If Certificates evidencing Shares to be withdrawn have been
delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then prior
to the physical release of such Certificates, the serial numbers
shown on the particular Certificates to be withdrawn must be
submitted to the Depositary, and the signature(s) on the notice
of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution,
unless such Shares have been tendered for the account of an
Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to
the procedures for book-entry tender as set forth in
Section 3, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the
name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares.

All questions as to the form and validity
(including, without limitation, time of receipt) of notices of
withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole
discretion, whose determination will be final and binding. None
of Invitrogen, Purchaser, the Depositary, the Information Agent,
or any other person will be under any duty to give notification
of any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or
incur any liability for failure to give such notification.

Any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be
deemed not to have been validly tendered for purposes of the
Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be re-tendered at any time
prior to the Expiration Date by following one of the procedures
described in Section 3.

5.     
Certain
Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Offer and the Merger.

The following is a general summary of certain United States
federal income tax consequences relevant to a beneficial holder
of Shares whose Shares are: (i) tendered and accepted for
payment pursuant to the Offer, or (ii) converted to cash in
the Merger (each, a Holder). The following
discussion is based on the current provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code),
regulations issued thereunder, judicial decisions and
administrative rulings, all of which are subject to change,
possibly with retroactive effect. This discussion does not
discuss all aspects of United States federal income taxation
which may be important to particular Holders in light of their
individual circumstances, such as Holders who do not hold the
Shares as capital assets within the meaning of
Section 1221 of the Code, Holders who acquired their Shares
as qualified small business stock under Section 1202 of the
Code, Holders who acquired their Shares through the exercise of
options or otherwise as compensation, Holders who hold their
Shares as part of an integrated investment, including a
straddle, Holders who have entered into a constructive sale of
their Shares under the Code, or Holders subject to special tax
rules (e.g., foreign persons, financial institutions,
broker-dealers, insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations,
etc.). In addition, this discussion does not address state,
local or foreign tax consequences.

BECAUSE INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES MAY VARY,
EACH HOLDER SHOULD CONSULT HIS OR HER OWN TAX ADVISOR TO
DETERMINE THE PARTICULAR UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX
CONSEQUENCES AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE OFFER AND MERGER,
INCLUDING THE APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF THE ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM
TAX, AND ANY STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX LAWS AND THE EFFECT OF
ANY CHANGES IN SUCH LAWS.

Taxable Sale.

Receipt of Cash Pursuant to the
Offer.
 The receipt of cash in exchange
for tendering Shares pursuant to the Offer will result in a
taxable sale of the Shares by a Holder. In general, a Holder
will recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes
equal to the difference between the amount of cash received in
exchange for the Shares sold and the Holders adjusted tax
basis in such Shares. Assuming the Shares constitute capital
assets in the hands of the Holder, such gain or loss will be
capital gain or loss. If, at the time of the sale, the Shares
have been held for more than one year, such gain or loss will be
a long-term capital gain or loss. Under current law, long-term
capital gains of are generally subject to a maximum federal
income tax rate of 20% for noncorporate taxpayers and short-term
capital gains are subject to tax at ordinary income tax rates.
Capital losses, however, are deductible by a non-corporate
taxpayer only to the extent of capital gains plus up to $3,000
of ordinary income. Any excess capital loss, however, may be
carried over to a later tax year until the loss is exhausted.

Receipt of Cash Pursuant to the
Merger.
 Similar to the discussion
above regarding the tax treatment of Shares tendered in the
Offer, the receipt of cash in the Merger will result in a
taxable sale of the Shares by a Holder. In general, a Holder
will recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes
equal to the difference between the amount of cash received in
exchange for the Shares sold and such Holders adjusted tax
basis in such Shares. Assuming the Shares constitute capital
assets in the hands of the Holder, such gain or loss will be
capital gain or loss. If, at the time of the Merger, the Shares
then exchanged have been held for more than one year, such gain
or loss will be a long-term capital gain or loss. Under current
law, long-term capital gains of are generally subject to a
maximum federal income tax rate of 20% for noncorporate
taxpayers and short-term capital gains are subject to tax at
ordinary income tax rates. Capital losses, however, are
deductible by a non-corporate taxpayer only to the extent of
capital gains plus up to $3,000 of ordinary income. Any excess
capital loss, however, may be carried over to a later tax year
until the loss is exhausted.

Dissenters. 
A
Stockholder who exercises dissenters rights with respect
to such Stockholders Shares and receives payment for such
Shares in cash will generally recognize capital gain or loss,
measured by the difference between the amount of cash received
and the Stockholders adjusted tax basis in such Shares.

Backup Withholding.

Federal income tax laws require that,
to avoid backup withholding in an amount equal to 30% of the
reportable payments, each Holder must provide its
correct taxpayer identification number on Form W-9 and
certify exemption from backup withholding on an appropriate
Form W-8BEN or Form W-9, as applicable. Backup
withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of the
backup withholding can be credited against the federal income
tax liability of the Holder subject to backup withholding,
provided that the required information is given to the Internal
Revenue Service. If backup withholding results in an overpayment
of tax, a refund can be obtained by the Holder upon filing an
income tax return.

6.     
Price Range of
Shares; Dividends.
 As of the date hereof, the Shares are
listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol INMX. The
following table sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated,
the high and low sales prices for the Common Stock as quoted on
Nasdaq:

Fiscal Year

High

Low

Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2000:

First Quarter

N/A

N/A

Second Quarter

N/A

N/A

Third Quarter

N/A

N/A

Fourth Quarter (beginning October 3, 2000)

$

31.75

$

6.63

Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2001:

First Quarter

$

14.69

$

4.25

Second Quarter

$

8.19

$

2.85

Third Quarter

$

7.45

$

2.86

Fourth Quarter

$

3.68

$

2.25

Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2002:

First Quarter

$

3.50

$

1.48

Second Quarter

$

1.87

$

0.87

Third Quarter

$

0.94

$

0.52

Fourth Quarter (through October 24, 2002)

$

1.34

$

0.53

InforMax has never declared nor paid cash
dividends on its Common Stock. In addition, under the Merger
Agreement, InforMax is prohibited from paying or declaring
dividends in respect to its Common Stock without the prior
written consent of Invitrogen.

On October 14, 2002, the last trading day
before InforMax announced that it had entered into the Merger
Agreement, the closing price of the InforMaxs Common Stock
reported on Nasdaq was $0.56 per Share. On October 24,
2002, the closing price of the Shares on Nasdaq was $1.33 per
Share. 
Stockholders are urged to obtain a current market
quotation for the Shares before making a decision with respect
to the Offer.

7.     
Effect of the
Offer on Market for the Shares, Stock Market Quotation and
Exchange Act Registration.

Market for Shares.

The purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer will reduce the
number of holders of Shares and the number of Shares that might
otherwise trade publicly, which could adversely affect the
liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares held by
Stockholders other than the Purchaser. Invitrogen and Purchaser
cannot predict whether the reduction in the number of Shares
that might otherwise trade publicly would have an adverse or
beneficial effect on the market price for, or marketability of,
the Shares or whether such reduction would cause future market
prices to be greater or less than the Offer Price.

Stock Quotation.

Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the
Offer, the Shares may no longer meet Nasdaqs standards for
continued listing. The Shares would not meet the criteria for
continued listing on Nasdaq, if, among other things, the number
of publicly held Shares falls below 750,000, the aggregate
market value of the publicly held Shares falls below
$5 million, the number of round lot stockholders falls
below 400 or less than two market makers for the Shares remain.
If, as a result of the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer,
the Shares no longer meet these standards, the listing of the
Shares may be discontinued by Nasdaq. In this event, the market
for the Shares would be adversely affected. In the event the
Shares were no longer listed on Nasdaq, it is possible that the
Shares would trade on another securities exchange or in the
over-the-counter market and that price quotations could be
reported through other sources. The extent of the public market
for the Shares and the availability of such quotations would,
however, depend upon the number of holders of Shares and the
aggregate market value of the Shares remaining at such time, the
interest in maintaining a market in the Shares on the part of
securities firms, the possible termination of registration of
the Shares under the Exchange Act, as described below, and other
factors.

In addition, InforMax recently was not in
compliance with the $1.00 minimum bid price listing
requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq and has been
notified by Nasdaq that if by October 29, 2002, InforMax
fails to demonstrate a closing bid price of at least
$1.00 per Share or more for a minimum of ten consecutive
trading days, its Shares may be delisted from Nasdaq.

Margin Regulations.

The Shares are currently margin
securities under the Regulations of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve
Board), which has the effect, among other things, of
allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of the
Shares. Depending upon factors similar to those described above
regarding the market for the Shares and stock quotations, it is
possible that, following the Offer, the Shares would no longer
constitute margin securities for the purposes of the
margin regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and, therefore,
could no longer be used as collateral for loans made by brokers.

Exchange Act Registration.

The Shares are currently registered
under the Exchange Act. Such registration may be terminated upon
application of InforMax to the SEC if the Shares are neither
listed on a national securities exchange nor held by 300 or
more holders of record. Termination of registration of the
Shares under the Exchange Act would substantially reduce the
information required to be furnished by InforMax to its
stockholders and to the SEC and would make certain provisions of
the Exchange Act no longer applicable to InforMax, such as the
short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b) of
the Exchange Act, the requirement of furnishing a proxy
statement pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act in
connection with stockholders meetings and the related
requirement of furnishing an annual report to stockholders and
the requirements of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act with
respect to going private transactions. Furthermore,
the ability of affiliates of InforMax and persons
holding restricted securities of InforMax to dispose
of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be impaired or
eliminated. If registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act
were terminated, the Shares would no longer be margin
securities or be eligible for listing on Nasdaq.

Purchasers
Plans.
 Purchaser intends to cause
InforMax to seek delisting of the Shares from Nasdaq and to
cause InforMax to apply for termination of registration of the
Shares under the Exchange Act as soon after the completion of
the Offer as allowed. If registration of the Shares is not
terminated prior to the Merger, then the Shares will cease to be
quoted on Nasdaq and the registration under the Exchange Act
will be terminated following completion of the Merger.

8.     
Certain
Information Concerning InforMax.
 Except for the projected
financial information below or as otherwise stated in this Offer
to Purchase, the information concerning InforMax contained
herein has been taken from or is based upon reports and other
documents on file with the SEC was otherwise publicly available
or was provided by InforMax. Invitrogen and Purchaser take no
responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the
information contained in such reports, other documents and
projected financial information or for any failure by InforMax
to disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the
significance or accuracy of any such information but that are
unknown to Invitrogen or Purchaser.

General.
 InforMax is
a leading global provider of informatics software solutions to
the life sciences industry. InforMax software solutions enable
more efficient and accelerated analysis and interpretation of
genomic, proteomic and other biomolecular data for application
in pharmaceutical, therapeutic and diagnostic development. As of
June 30, 2002, InforMaxs customer base included over
2,100 organizations worldwide, including over 800
biotechnology, pharmaceutical and agricultural biotechnology and
life science companies, and over 1,300 academic and
government research institutions. The address and phone number
of InforMaxs principal executive offices are
7600 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1100, Bethesda, Maryland
20814, (240) 747-4000.

Available Information.

InforMax is subject to the
informational requirements of the Exchange Act and in accordance
therewith files periodic reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC relating to its business, financial
condition and other matters. InforMax is required to disclose in
such proxy statements certain information, as of particular
dates, concerning InforMaxs s directors and
officers, their remuneration, stock options granted to them, the
principal holders of InforMaxs securities and any material
interest of such persons in transactions with InforMax. Such
reports, proxy statements and other information may be inspected

and copied at the public reference facilities
maintained by the SEC at Judiciary Plaza, 450 Fifth
Street, N.W., Room 1024, Washington, D.C. 20549; and
at the SECs regional offices located at 233 Broadway,
New York, New York 10279 and Citicorp Center,
500 W. Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago,
Illinois 60661. Information regarding the public reference
facilities may be obtained from the SEC by telephoning
1-800-SEC-0330. Copies of such material can also be obtained by
mail at prescribed rates from the Public Reference Section of
the SEC at Judiciary Plaza, 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20549, or free of charge at the web site
maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.

Summary Financial Information.

The following table presents summary
consolidated financial information of InforMax for the last two
fiscal years which have been excerpted from the audited
financial statements contained in InforMaxs annual reports
on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2000 and 2001 and InforMaxs quarterly reports for the
quarters ended June 30, 2001 and 2002. More comprehensive
financial information is included in such reports and other
documents filed by InforMax with the SEC, and the following
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to such
reports and other documents and all of the financial information
and notes contained therein. Copies of such reports and other
documents may be examined at or obtained from the SEC in the
manner set forth above.

Consolidated Balance Sheet

At

At

At

June 30,

December 31,

December 31,

(In thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents

$

25,896

$

61,348

$

82,656

Available for sale investments

25,790





Other current assets

5,247

10,925

10,307

Property and equipment, net

8,314

9,205

4,539

Other assets

4,392

3,000

3,448

Total assets

$

69,639

$

84,478

$

100,950

Current liabilities

$

5,406

$

5,671

$

3,312

Deferred revenue

5,259

5,928

5,267

Long-term liabilities

Stockholders equity

58,759

72,445

91,669

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

$

69,639

$

84,478

$

100,950

Consolidated Statements of
Operations

Three Months Ended

Twelve Months Ended

June 30,

December 31,

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

Revenues:

Software license and customer support

$

2,847

$

6,581

$

21,425

$

13,907

Professional services

3,759

3,240

Total revenues

3,777

7,568

25,184

17,147

Cost of revenues:

Software license and customer support

1,827

Professional services

1,872

1,737

Total cost of revenues

3,699

2,434

Gross profit

3,221

6,620

21,485

14,713

Operating expenses:

Selling, General and administrative

6,339

7,750

29,024

18,764

Research and development

2,316

2,622

9,622

5,311

Stock based compensation

1,079

1,574

Depreciation and amortization

2,375

Executive Management and restructuring costs



2,415



Total operating expenses

9,972

11,333

44,515

26,589

Loss from operations

(6,751

)

(4,713

)

(23,030

)

(11,876

)

Other income (expense):

Investment earnings

3,066

1,476

Interest and other expense

(45

)

(39

)

(160

)

(325

)

Total other income (expense)

2,906

1,151

Loss before income taxes

(6,540

)

(3,896

)

(20,124

)

(10,725

)

Income tax expense (benefit)





1,300

(51

)

Net loss

$

(6,540

)

$

(3,896

)

$

(21,424

)

$

(10,674

)

Increase in carrying value of redeemable
    convertible preferred stock and beneficial conversion







(10,369

)

Net loss applicable to common shares

(6,540

)

(3,896

)

(21,424

)

(21,043

)

Basic and diluted net loss per common share

$

(0.26

)

$

(0.17

)

$

(0.93

)

$

(2.25

)

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic
    and diluted

25,502

22,475

22,947

9,337

Certain Projections Provided by
InforMax.
 InforMax does not, as a
matter of course, make public detailed forecasts as to its
future financial performance. However, in connection with
Invitrogens review of InforMax, beginning in July 2002 it
provided Invitrogen with certain projected financial information
concerning InforMax. InforMax has advised Invitrogen and
Purchaser that its financial forecasts (upon which the
projections provided to Invitrogen and Purchaser were based in
part) are, in general, prepared solely for internal use and
capital budgeting and other management decisions and are
subjective in many respects and thus susceptible to multiple
interpretations and periodic revisions based on actual
experience and business developments. The projections also
reflect numerous assumptions (not all of which were provided to
Invitrogen and Purchaser), all made by management of InforMax,
with respect to industry performance,

general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters. Such assumptions regarding future
events are difficult to predict, and many are beyond
InforMaxs control. Accordingly, there can be no assurance
that the assumptions made by InforMax in preparing the
projections will prove accurate. Most importantly, the forecasts
provided to Invitrogen in July 2002 were based upon
InforMaxs managements view of its business prospects
at that time, and subsequent experience of continued
deterioration in revenue outlook has significantly altered
InforMaxs internal projections. In particular, on
October 15, 2002, InforMax publicly announced preliminary
revenue and loss results for the third fiscal quarter of 2002
and revised revenue outlook for the balance of 2002 that were
materially lower than the 2002 forecasts provided to Invitrogen
in July. This revised outlook has led management of InforMax to
further revise downward its revenue and income forecasts for
periods beyond 2002. Therefore, the information provided to
Invitrogen in July 2002 should not be read as indicative of
InforMaxs managements current views. In addition,
there will be inevitable differences between actual and
projected results, and actual results may be materially greater
or less than those contained in the projections.

The inclusion of the projections herein should
not be regarded as an indication that any of Invitrogen,
Purchaser, InforMax or their respective affiliates or
representatives consider the projections to be a reliable
prediction of future events, and the projections should not be
relied upon as such. These projections are being provided only
because InforMax made them available to Invitrogen and Purchaser
in connection with their discussions regarding the Offer and the
Merger. None of Invitrogen, Purchaser, InforMax or any of their
respective affiliates or representatives makes any
representation to any person regarding the projections, and none
of them has or intends to update or otherwise revise the
projections to reflect circumstances existing after the date
when made or to reflect the occurrence of future events even in
the event that any or all of the assumptions underlying the
projections are shown to be in error.

The projections provided to Invitrogen in July
2002 by InforMax included, among other things, the following
forecasts and targets for the fiscal years indicated of
InforMaxs total revenues, gross profit, net loss and net
loss per share (in millions, except per share data):

Fiscal Year Forecast

Total Revenues

$

20.0

$

29.4

$

36.5

$

47.2

Gross Profit

$

16.9

$

24.9

$

30.2

$

38.7

Net Loss

$

(22.2

)

$

(9.3

)

$

(6.5

)

$

(0.3

)

Net Loss per Share

$

(0.87

)

$

(0.36

)

$

(0.25

)

$

(0.01

)

On October 15, 2002, InforMax revised these
projections in announcing that it believed that revenues for the
third and fourth quarter of 2002 would be $3.1 million, and
between $4.5 and $5.0 million, respectively, meaning total
revenues for 2002 were now expected to be approximately
$15.5 million.

All of these projections should be read together
with the financial statements of InforMax that can be obtained
from the SEC as described above. It is the understanding of
Invitrogen and Purchaser that the projections were not prepared
with a view to public disclosure or compliance with published
guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants regarding
projections or forecasts. The projections do not purport to
present operations in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and InforMaxs independent auditors
have not examined, compiled or performed any procedures with
respect to the projections presented herein, nor have they
expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance of such
information or its achievability, and accordingly assume no
responsibility for them.

9.     
Certain
Information Concerning Purchaser and Invitrogen. 
Purchaser
is a Delaware corporation and to date has engaged in no
activities other than those incident to its formation and the
commencement of the Offer. Purchaser is a direct wholly owned
subsidiary of Invitrogen. Invitrogen develops, manufactures and
markets research tools in kit form and provides other research
products and services to biotechnology and biopharmaceutical
researchers and companies worldwide. Invitrogen manufactures and
markets thousands of products and services that simplify and
improve gene cloning, gene expression, and gene analysis
techniques

for corporate, academic and government entities.
Invitrogen also engages in technology licensing, research
services, large-scale production and life science technical
expertise and support. The principal executive offices of
Purchaser and Invitrogen are located at 1600 Faraday
Avenue, Carlsbad, California 92008. The telephone number for
Purchaser and Invitrogen is (760) 203-7200. Additional
information concerning Invitrogen is set forth in the filings it
has made with the SEC, and such filings may be obtained from the
SEC in the manner set forth in Section 8 Certain
Information Concerning InforMax.

The name, citizenship, business address,
principal occupation and five-year employment history of each of
the directors and executive officers of Invitrogen and Purchaser
are set forth in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase. None
of Invitrogen or Purchaser nor, to their knowledge, any of the
persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, nor
any associate or majority owned subsidiary of any of the
foregoing, has during the last five years (i) been
convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
or similar misdemeanors) or (ii) been a party to any
judicial or administrative proceeding (except for matters that
were dismissed without sanction or settlement) that resulted in
a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from
future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to,
federal or state securities laws or finding any violations of
such laws.

None of Invitrogen or Purchaser nor, to their
knowledge, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this
Offer to Purchase, nor any associate or majority owned
subsidiary of any of the foregoing, beneficially owns or has any
right to acquire, directly or indirectly, any Shares, and none
of Invitrogen or Purchaser nor, to their knowledge, any of the
persons or entities referred to above, nor any director,
executive officer or subsidiary of any of the foregoing, has
effected any transaction in the Shares during the past
60 days, other than pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

Except as provided in the Merger Agreement, and
as otherwise described in this Offer to Purchase, (i) none
of Invitrogen, Purchaser nor any of their respective
subsidiaries nor, to their knowledge, any of the persons listed
in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, has any contract,
arrangement, understanding or relationship with any other person
with respect to any securities of InforMax, including, but not
limited to, any contract, arrangement, understanding or
relationship concerning the transfer or the voting of any such
securities, finders fees, joint ventures, loan or option
arrangements, puts or calls, guaranties of loans, guaranties
against loss, guarantees of profits, division of profits or loss
or the giving or withholding of proxies, and (ii) none of
Invitrogen, Purchaser nor, to their knowledge, any of the
persons listed on Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, has
had any business relationship or transaction with InforMax or
any of its executive officers, directors or affiliates that is
required to be reported under the rules and regulations of the
SEC applicable to the Offer. Set forth below in Section 11
of this Offer to Purchase and elsewhere herein is a summary
description of the mutual contacts, negotiations and
transactions between any of Purchaser or Invitrogen, or any of
their respective subsidiaries or any of the persons listed on
Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and
InforMax or its affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a
merger, consolidation or acquisition, tender offer or other
acquisition of securities, an election of directors or a sale or
other transfer of a material amount of assets.

10.     
Source and
Amount of Funds.
 The total amount of funds required by
Purchaser to purchase Shares pursuant to the Offer and the
Merger is estimated to be approximately $42 million plus
certain customary fees and expenses incurred in connection with
the Offer and the Merger. The Offer and the Merger are not
conditioned upon the Purchaser entering into any financing
arrangements. Purchaser intends to obtain all required funds
from Invitrogen, and Invitrogen will obtain such funds from
available working capital.

11.     
Background of
the Offer; Contacts with InforMax; the Merger Agreement.

Background of the Offer; Contacts with
InforMax. 
Neither Invitrogen nor
Purchaser assumes responsibility for the accuracy or
completeness of any information contained herein regarding
InforMaxs discussions with any person, other than
Invitrogen, Purchaser, and their representatives, or regarding
any matters involving InforMax or the Board of Directors, other
than matters in which Invitrogen, Purchaser or their
representatives directly participated. All such information has
been provided to Invitrogen and Purchaser by InforMax for
inclusion herein.

In early May 2002, UBS Warburg,
Invitrogens financial advisor, contacted senior management
of InforMax regarding InforMaxs interest in discussing a
potential strategic transaction with Invitrogen. On May 6
2002, John Thompson, Invitrogens Vice President of
Corporate Development met via telephone with Andrew Whiteley,
the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board
of InforMax, and John Green, the Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Operating Officer of InforMax, regarding Invitrogens
potential interest in pursuing various strategic opportunities
with InforMax, including a possible acquisition of InforMax by
Invitrogen. Shortly after that meeting, Invitrogen was informed
that InforMax had retained Bear Stearns to act as
InforMaxs financial advisor for purposes of conducting a
review and evaluation of strategic opportunities available to
InforMax.

In June 2002, Invitrogen was contacted by Bear
Stearns and engaged in preliminary discussions with Bear Stearns
regarding a potential acquisition of InforMax by Invitrogen. In
order to continue with these discussions and to receive a
confidential information memorandum regarding InforMax,
Invitrogen was required to sign a form of confidentiality
agreement, which Invitrogen executed and delivered on
June 25, 2002. Bear Stearns informed Invitrogen that
parties interested in pursuing a transaction with InforMax were
asked to submit a written, non-binding preliminary indication of
interest to InforMax by August 19, 2002.

In early August 2002, representatives of
Invitrogen attended management presentations by InforMax in
advance of the due date for initial indications of interest. On
August 19, 2002, Invitrogen submitted to InforMax
Invitrogens initial indication of interest in pursuing a
business combination transaction.

On August 23, 2002, InforMaxs Board of
Directors met by telephone conference to review the progress of
the strategic review process and to consider the three
indications of interest received, as well as the comparative
analyses prepared by Bear Stearns. The InforMax Board of
Directors indicated that it was supportive of the continued
exploration of these opportunities.

From August 28 until September 22,
2002, Invitrogen and its representatives (including legal and
financial advisors) conducted business and legal due diligence
review and management discussions with InforMax and its advisors
and technical review of InforMaxs products. In early
September, Hogan & Hartson L.L.P., InforMaxs legal
counsel, prepared and distributed a draft of an acquisition
agreement for consideration and comment by Invitrogen and the
other parties who had submitted initial indications of interest.

On September 10, 2002, InforMaxs Board
of Directors met with Hogan & Hartson to review and discuss
the status of the continued discussions with the interested
parties and their ongoing due diligence and discussions with
management. At this meeting, Hogan & Hartson provided the
InforMax Board of Directors with detailed advice regarding its
fiduciary duties in the context of a possible sale of InforMax.
The InforMax Board of Directors also reviewed and discussed the
indications of interest received from Invitrogen and the other
two interested parties.

On September 23, 2002, Invitrogens
Board of Directors met by teleconference to discuss a proposal
to authorize the acquisition of InforMax. Invitrogens
Board of Directors discussed the proposed transaction, its
potential strategic benefits and numerous elements of
InforMaxs business and financial condition. Following the
discussion, Invitrogens Board of Directors approved
parameters for the purchase price and certain material terms and
conditions of the transaction and approved a transaction that
complied with such parameters. Invitrogens Board of
Directors also authorized Invitrogens management to
prepare and deliver to InforMax a letter of interest regarding a
potential business combination.

Invitrogen then submitted its proposal to
InforMax regarding an acquisition of InforMax by Invitrogen on
September 25, 2002, the material terms of which were within
the parameters defined by Invitrogens Board of Directors.
Invitrogens proposal contemplated a purchase price of $40
million in cash and included comments to the form of acquisition
agreement circulated to the interested parties by Hogan &
Hartson.

On September 30, 2002, InforMaxs Board
of Directors met by telephone conference with InforMaxs
legal and financial advisors to discuss the proposals that had
been received. At the meeting, the Board of Directors authorized
management and its advisors to continue negotiations with the
interested parties that submitted proposals as to both pricing
and terms of a definitive acquisition agreement.

Following the September 30, 2002 meeting,
Bear Stearns conducted additional discussions with each of the
three interested parties, including Invitrogens financial
advisors, UBS Warburg, regarding the terms of a potential
transaction. Invitrogens financial advisors indicated to
Bear Stearns that InforMax would receive a revised written
indication of interest from Invitrogen for a transaction with a
purchase price of $42 million, and that as a condition of
the revised indication of interest, Invitrogen would require
InforMax to enter into an agreement requiring exclusive
negotiation between InforMax and Invitrogen for a limited period.

On October 3, 2002, InforMaxs Board of
Directors met by telephone conference with InforMaxs legal
and financial advisors to discuss InforMaxs continued
discussions with Invitrogen and the two other interested
parties. Bear Stearns advised the Board of Directors of its
recent discussions with Invitrogens financial advisors.
InforMaxs Board of Directors indicated that it was
supportive of managements continued discussions with
Invitrogen and authorized InforMax and its advisors to negotiate
a definitive merger agreement and to execute and deliver an
agreement requiring exclusive negotiations with Invitrogen for a
limited period if required by Invitrogen. Late in the evening of
October 4, 2002, Invitrogen provided its revised proposal
to InforMax, which contained restrictions on public
announcements of any potential transaction and the terms
governing the proposed exclusive negotiations.

On October 7, 2002, Bear Stearns was
contacted by an interested party who indicated that it and its
financial advisors desired to conduct additional due diligence
relating to InforMaxs products under development and
sales. Later in the morning of October 7, 2002,
representatives of InforMaxs and Invitrogens
management teams, and InforMaxs and Invitrogens
legal and financial advisors, met to negotiate the terms of a
revised draft of a merger agreement circulated by Hogan &
Hartson on October 4, 2000. Prior to commencing negotiations on
October 7, 2002, and as a condition of remaining in the
process regarding the proposed transaction, Invitrogen required
InforMax to execute its letter agreement received on
October 4, 2002 requiring InforMax to conduct exclusive
negotiations with Invitrogen through October 15, 2002.
Following discussion with Hogan & Hartson and Bear Stearns,
InforMax executed such letter agreement. Negotiations on the
terms of the definitive merger agreement occurred over the
course of the next several days. InforMaxs Board of
Directors held meetings by teleconference on each of
October 7, 8, 10 and 11, 2002, to review the discussions
between the parties regarding the proposed transaction and the
negotiation of the definitive merger agreement.

During the period of October 9 through
October 13, 2002, Invitrogen and its representatives also
continued and finalized their due diligence review, including
further discussions with InforMaxs management.

On the morning of October 14, 2002,
Invitrogens Board of Directors met by teleconference to
discuss the status of the terms of the definitive merger
agreement and the acquisition of InforMax pursuant to the terms
of the definitive merger agreement (including the tender offer
terms). The Board of Directors and management of Invitrogen
discussed certain terms and conditions that had been included in
the letter of interest to InforMax and the relation of such
terms and conditions to the final terms of the definitive merger
agreement being proposed by the parties. Invitrogens Board
of Directors noted that the final terms and conditions of the
definitive merger agreement, including the offer price per share
agreed to by the parties, were within the parameters and amounts
previously approved by Invitrogens Board of Directors on
September 23, 2002 and therefore additional approvals were
not required for Invitrogen to proceed with the transaction.

On the evening of October 14, 2002,
InforMaxs Board of Directors met by teleconference to
consider the question of approving the terms of the offer and
the merger, and the relative merits of Invitrogens offer
versus other prior indications of interest received. Following
presentations by and discussions with InforMaxs legal and
financial advisors, after thorough discussion, the Board of
Directors of InforMax unanimously determined that proceeding
with the transaction was advisable and in the best interest of
InforMaxs stockholders, approved and authorized the Merger
Agreement by and among InforMax, Invitrogen and Purchaser and
resolved to recommend that shareholders tender their Shares in
the Offer and vote in favor of the Merger.

InforMax, Invitrogen and Purchaser executed the
Merger Agreement early in the morning of October 15, 2002
and the parties issued a joint press release announcing the
transaction on October 15, 2002.

The Merger Agreement.

The following is a summary of the
Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the
Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by Purchaser
and Invitrogen with the SEC in connection with the Offer (the
Schedule TO). Such summary is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement. See
Section 8 Certain Information Concerning
InforMax and Section 17 Miscellaneous for
information on how to obtain a copy of the Schedule TO.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in the following
description of the Merger Agreement have the respective meanings
ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.

The Offer. 
The
Merger Agreement provides for the commencement of the Offer as
promptly as practicable, but in no event later than ten
(10) business days after the date of the execution of the
Merger Agreement, which occurred on October 15, 2002. The
obligation of Purchaser to accept for payment and pay for Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer is subject to the satisfaction of
certain conditions that are described below under the caption
Section 14 Conditions to the Offer.

Each of Purchaser and Invitrogen also expressly
reserves the right to modify the terms of the Offer, except
that, without the prior written consent of InforMax, no change
in the Offer may be made which amends the Minimum Condition,
waives the condition related to the HSR Act, decreases the
Offer Price, reduces the number of Shares to be sought in the
Offer, changes the form of consideration being offered for the
Shares, imposes additional conditions to the Offer other than
those set forth below under Section 14 Conditions of
the Offer, amends or modifies any other condition to the
Offer in a manner adverse to the holders of the Shares or
extends the Offer (except as set forth in the next paragraph).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the
terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including the
parties right to terminate the Merger Agreement:
(a) Invitrogen and Purchaser may extend the Offer for
successive extension periods of up to twenty (20) business
days if any one or more of specified conditions to the Offer are
not satisfied, until such condition or conditions have been
satisfied; (b) InforMax may require Purchaser to extend the
Offer on one or more occasions for additional periods of up to
twenty (20) business days on each such extension occasion
if the only condition that is not satisfied is the Minimum
Condition or certain other conditions contained in

Annex A
 of the Merger Agreement; (c) Invitrogen
and Purchaser may also extend the Offer for any period required
by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC
or its staff that is applicable to the Offer; and
(d) provided that Invitrogen and Purchaser agree to
irrevocably waive certain conditions to the Offer and agree not
to assert such conditions as a basis for not completing the
Offer, Purchaser may extend the Offer for up to twenty
(20) business days if the Minimum Condition has been
satisfied but an insufficient number of Shares have been
tendered to allow the Merger to be effected without a vote of
the Stockholders in accordance with Section 253 of the
DGCL. During any such extension, all Shares previously tendered
and not withdrawn will remain subject to the Offer, subject to
the right of a tendering stockholder to withdraw his Shares. See
Section 4 Withdrawal Rights.

Purchaser may also, without the consent of
InforMax, elect to provide a subsequent offering
period of up to twenty (20) business days in
accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act.
Pursuant to the rules of the SEC, in order to provide a
subsequent offering period after the expiration of the Offer,
Purchaser would have to accept and promptly pay for all Shares
tendered during the initial offering period. In addition,
Purchaser would have to immediately accept and promptly pay for
all Shares as they are tendered during the subsequent offering
period. A subsequent offering period would not be an extension
of the Offer. It would be an additional period of time in which
the holders of the Shares could tender Shares not tendered
during the Offer. During a subsequent offering period,
Stockholders would not be able to withdraw Shares previously
tendered in the Offer and Stockholders would not be able to
withdraw Shares tendered during the subsequent offering period.

Board Representation.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
promptly upon the purchase by Purchaser of Shares pursuant to
the Offer, and from time to time thereafter as Shares are
acquired by Purchaser, Invitrogen or their affiliates, Purchaser
will be entitled to designate such number of directors, rounded
up to the next whole number, on the Board of InforMax as will
give Purchaser, subject to compliance with Section 14(f) of
the Exchange Act, representation on the Board of InforMax equal
to that number of directors which equals the product of the
total number of directors on the Board of InforMax (giving
effect to

the election or appointment of any additional
directors pursuant to this paragraph and including current
directors serving as officers of InforMax) multiplied by the
percentage that the aggregate number of Shares beneficially
owned by Invitrogen, Purchaser or any of their affiliates
(including Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer,
but excluding Shares held by InforMax or any of its
subsidiaries) bears to the total number of Shares then issued
and outstanding. If requested by Purchaser, InforMax will use
its reasonable best efforts to cause each committee of the Board
of InforMax and the Board of each of its subsidiaries, to
include one or more persons designated by Purchaser constituting
the same percentage of each such committee and the Board of each
subsidiary of InforMax as Purchasers designees are of the
Board of InforMax. InforMax has agreed, upon request by
Purchaser, to solicit the resignations of up to two
(2) directors on InforMaxs Board and promptly
increase the size of the Board as is necessary to enable
Purchasers designees to be elected to the Board and to
cause Purchasers designees to be so elected; provided
that, if Purchasers designees are appointed or elected to
the Board, until the Effective Time, the Board will have at
least two (2) directors who were directors as of the date
of the Merger Agreement and who are neither officers of
InforMax, nor designees, stockholders, affiliates or associates
(within the meaning of the federal securities laws) of
Invitrogen (the Independent Directors); provided
further, that if less than two (2) Independent Directors
remain, the remaining Independent Directors (if any) or if no
Independent Directors remain, the other directors, will
designate persons to fill the vacancies who will not be either
officers of InforMax or designees, stockholders, affiliates, or
associates of Invitrogen, and such persons will be deemed to be
Independent Directors.

The Merger Agreement also provides that, during
the period after such election of directors designated by
Purchaser but prior to the Effective Time, the Board will
delegate to a committee of the Board comprised solely of the
Independent Directors (the Independent Committee)
the sole responsibility for (i) the amendment or
termination of the Merger Agreement on behalf of InforMax,
(ii) the exercise or waiver of any of InforMaxs
rights, benefits or remedies under the Merger Agreement,
(iii) the extension of the time for performance of
Invitrogens or Purchasers obligations under the
Merger Agreement, or (iv) the taking of any other action of
InforMaxs Board under or in connection with the Merger
Agreement in any manner that adversely affects the Stockholders,
as determined by a majority of the Independent Committee. The
Independent Committee has the authority to retain such counsel
and other advisors at the reasonable expense of InforMax as
determined appropriate by the Independent Committee.

The Merger.
 The
Merger Agreement provides that, upon its terms and subject to
its conditions, and in accordance with the DGCL, at the
Effective Time, Purchaser will be merged with and into InforMax.
As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of
Purchaser will cease and InforMax will continue as the Surviving
Corporation. Upon consummation of the Merger, each Share issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time held by
a Stockholder (other than any Dissenting Shares) will be
converted into, and become exchangeable for the right to receive
payment of an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the
Offer Price. All Shares that are owned by InforMax as treasury
stock, all Shares owned by any subsidiary of InforMax and any
Shares owned by Invitrogen, Purchaser or any other wholly owned
subsidiary of Invitrogen will be cancelled and retired and will
cease to exist and no consideration will be delivered in
exchange therefor.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the
Effective Time each share of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of Purchaser issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time will be converted into one validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value
$0.001 per share, of the Surviving Corporation.

The Merger Agreement provides that after the
Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of InforMax, as
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time and as amended
and restated in its entirety by the Certificate of Merger to
conform to the certificate of incorporation of Purchaser (other
than the name of InforMax, which will remain unchanged), will be
the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation,
until thereafter amended as provided therein or under the DGCL.
The Merger Agreement also provides that the bylaws of Purchaser,
as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, will be
the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.

Directors and Officers of the Surviving
Corporation.
 The Merger Agreement
provides that the directors and officers of Purchaser
immediately prior to the Effective Time will, from and after the
Effective Time, be the directors and officers, respectively, of
the Surviving Corporation until their successors have been duly
elected or appointed or qualified or until their earlier death,
resignation or removal in accordance with the Surviving
Corporations certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

Treatment
of Options and Warrants.

Options Granted Under an InforMax Stock Option
Plan.
 No options to purchase
InforMaxs Common Stock under InforMaxs stock option
plans or purchase plan or otherwise will be assumed by
Invitrogen or the Surviving Corporation or otherwise converted
into or replaced by an option to purchase Invitrogen or
Surviving Corporation securities. All options issued under
InforMaxs stock option plans terminate upon the first to
occur of the acquisition by Purchaser, Invitrogen or any
affiliate of eighty percent (80%) or more of the Shares in the
Offer (including any subsequent offering period) or the Merger
(the Option Termination Event). Holders of options
granted under InforMaxs stock option plans have the right
to exercise such options in whole or in part, without regard to
any vesting conditions, immediately prior to, and contingent
upon, the occurrence of an Option Termination Event. Upon the
commencement of the Offer, InforMax will provide each holder of
an option granted under an InforMax stock option plan notice of
the Option Termination Event and an opportunity to exercise such
options and to tender the Shares underlying such options in the
Offer. Any exercise of a stock option granted under
InforMaxs stock option plans, that becomes fully vested
and exercisable as a result of an Option Termination Event, and
any subsequent tender of Shares underlying such option in the
Offer, will be conditioned upon the occurrence of an Option
Termination Event and will be effective only immediately before
the occurrence of the Option Termination Event. As of the
Effective Time, InforMaxs stock option plans and stock
options, to the extent not exercised or terminated, will
terminate and, except for certain warrants as discussed below,
all rights under any provision of any other plan, program or
arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any other
interest in respect of the capital stock of InforMax or any of
its subsidiaries will be cancelled. At and after the Effective
Time, no option holder will have any right under InforMaxs
stock option plans, an option or any other plan, program or
arrangement with respect to equity securities of the Surviving
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries thereof.

Options Not Granted Under an InforMax Stock
Option Plan.
 The Merger Agreement
provides that all options not issued under one of
InforMaxs stock option plans will terminate, in accordance
with their terms, upon the Option Termination Event. InforMax
will use commercially reasonable efforts to seek to cause the
holders of such options to terminate the options in exchange for
a cash payment, to be made by Invitrogen simultaneously with the
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, equal to (x) the
Offer Price multiplied by the number of Shares purchasable under
the option, minus (y) the aggregate exercise price for the
Shares purchasable under the option, less any amounts as are
required to be deducted and withheld under the Code or any
provision of state or local tax law in connection with such
payment.

Warrants.
 Given that
the exercise prices of InforMaxs outstanding warrants are
in excess of the Offer Price, the Merger Agreement provides that
InforMax will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each
outstanding warrant to be terminated prior to the Effective
Time. Any warrant that remains outstanding at the Effective Time
will be deemed to constitute a warrant to acquire, on the same
terms and conditions applicable under such warrant immediately
prior to the Effective Time, the price per Share paid pursuant
to the Offer in cash, without interest thereon (the Merger
Consideration) in lieu of any Shares exercisable
thereunder prior to the Effective Time.

Stockholders Meeting.

The Merger Agreement provides that if
required by applicable law in order to complete the Merger
following the completion of the Offer, (i) InforMax will
take all action necessary in accordance with applicable law and
its charter documents to convene a meeting of the Stockholders
(the Special Meeting), to be held as promptly as
practicable after acceptance of and payment for the Shares by
Purchaser pursuant to the Offer (and, if later, the expiration
of any subsequent offering period) to consider and vote upon the
approval of the Merger, (ii) InforMax will jointly prepare
with Invitrogen and file with the SEC a proxy statement to be
sent to the Stockholders in connection with the Special Meeting
(the InforMax Proxy Statement) and, in accordance
with the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC, as promptly as

practicable after such filing, mail the InforMax
Proxy Statement to the Stockholders, (iii) InforMaxs
Board of Directors, subject to any withdrawal, modification or
amendment in accordance with the provisions of the Merger
Agreement, will recommend approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement and approval of the Merger by the Stockholders (and
include such recommendation in the InforMax Proxy Statement),
will not withdraw or modify such recommendation and will use its
reasonable best efforts to solicit such Stockholder approval and
obtain the vote required of the Stockholders to approve the
Merger (the InforMax Requisite Vote).

Invitrogen has agreed to provide InforMax with
the information concerning Invitrogen and Purchaser required to
be included in the InforMax Proxy Statement and to vote, or
cause to be voted, all of the Shares then owned by it or
Purchaser in favor of the approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement and approval of the Merger.

Merger Without Meeting of
Stockholders.
 In the event that
Purchaser or any subsidiary of Invitrogen acquires and owns of
record at least 90% of the outstanding Shares and provided that
the conditions set forth in Article VII of the Merger
Agreement have been satisfied, Purchasers board of
directors will be able to adopt a plan of merger to effect a
Short-Form Merger. Each of the parties to the Merger Agreement
has agreed to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause
the Merger to become effective within one (1) business day
following such acquisition, without a meeting of Stockholders,
in accordance with Section 253 of the DGCL.

Top-Up Option. 
To
facilitate the accomplishment of a Short-Form Merger,
InforMax has granted Invitrogen and Purchaser an irrevocable
option (the Top-Up Option), exercisable only on or
after the Expiration Date and subject to Purchaser accepting for
payment and purchasing pursuant to the Offer (and any subsequent
offering period) at least 85% of the Shares then outstanding, to
purchase additional shares at a price per share equal to the
Offer Price. The number of Shares subject to the Top-Up Option
will be equal to the lowest number of Shares that, when added to
the number of Shares owned by Invitrogen, Purchaser or their
affiliates at the time of the exercise of the Top-Up Option,
will constitute one Share more than ninety percent (90%) of the
Shares then outstanding (assuming the issuance of the Top-Up
Option Shares and the exercise of all outstanding exercisable
options and warrants to purchase Shares).

Conduct of Business.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, during the period from the
date of the Merger Agreement to the Effective Time, InforMax has
agreed that it will, and will cause each of its subsidiaries to,
(i) conduct and operate their business in all material
respects in the ordinary and usual course consistent with past
practices, (ii) use their reasonable best efforts to
preserve their business organization substantially intact and
maintain existing relationships and goodwill with contract
parties, customers, distributors, creditors, lessors, principal
officers and key employees; and (iii) use their reasonable
best efforts to maintain and keep their properties and assets in
good repair and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.

InforMax further agreed, as to itself and its
subsidiaries, that, during this period (except as expressly
provided in the Merger Agreement) without the prior written
consent of Invitrogen, InforMax will not and will cause its
subsidiaries not to:

(i) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or
    encumber any capital stock owned by it in any of its
    subsidiaries; amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;
    adjust, split, combine or reclassify its outstanding Shares, or
    effect any reorganization or recapitalization of its capital
    stock; authorize, declare, set aside or pay any dividend payable
    in cash, stock or property in respect of any capital stock; or
    repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, except in connection
    with options or warrants issued by InforMax for any shares of
    its stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or
    exercisable for any shares of its capital stock;

(ii) issue, grant, sell, pledge, dispose of
    or encumber any (1) shares of, or securities convertible
    into or exchangeable or exercisable for, or options, warrants,
    calls, commitments or rights of any kind to acquire any shares
    of, its capital stock of any class (other than Shares issuable
    pursuant to options and warrants issued by InforMax and
    outstanding on the date of the Merger Agreement), or
    (2) securities convertible into or exchangeable for any
    other property or assets; transfer, lease, license, sell,
    mortgage, pledge, dispose of or encumber any other property or
    assets that are material to InforMax and its

subsidiaries, taken as a whole; make or authorize
    or commit for any capital expenditures other than in amounts
    less than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) in the
    aggregate; or acquire or make an investment in, the assets or
    stock of any other person or entity (other than a subsidiary)
    except for ordinary course investment activities consistent with
    past practice and not in the aggregate, material in amount;

(iii) terminate, establish, adopt, enter
    into, make any new grants or awards under, amend or otherwise
    modify, any of InforMaxs compensation and benefit plans or
    increase the salary, wage, bonus or other compensation of any
    employee, provided that, InforMax may hire, in the ordinary and
    usual course of its business, non-executive employees of
    InforMax at an annual salary not to exceed One Hundred Thousand
    Dollars ($100,000) as to any single individual and Five Hundred
    Thousand Dollars ($500,000) in the aggregate provided that
    InforMax will give Invitrogen notice of any such hiring;

(iv) incur any obligation of indebtedness
    for borrowed money, whether or not evidenced by a note, bond,
    debenture or similar instrument; assume, guarantee, endorse or
    otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for the
    obligations of any other person other than in the ordinary
    course of InforMaxs business consistent with past
    practice; take any action to modify any material indebtedness;
    or make or forgive any loans to any person;

(v) make, rescind or change any tax
    election, settle any material tax audit or file any material
    amended tax returns; or revalue any of its assets or change any
    accounting principle used by it except, in each case, as may be
    required to be implemented pursuant to generally accepted
    accounting principles or applicable rules and regulations of the
    SEC;

(vi) enter into any agreement containing any
    provision or covenant limiting in any material respect the
    ability of InforMax or any subsidiary to sell any products or
    services of or to any other person, engage in any line of
    business or compete with any person;

(vii) adopt a plan of complete or partial
    liquidation or resolutions providing for or authorizing such a
    liquidation or a dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or
    reorganization;

(viii) take any action that would cause any
    of its representations and warranties contained in the Merger
    Agreement to become untrue in any material respect, except as
    may be required by applicable law;

(ix) modify, amend or terminate, or waive,
    release or assign any material rights or claims under any
    material contract of InforMax (as defined in the Merger
    Agreement) or except as provided for in the Merger Agreement,
    any confidentiality or standstill agreement;

(x) settle or compromise any pending or
    threatened suit, action or claim; and

(xi) authorize or enter into an agreement to
    do any of the foregoing.

Access to
Information.
 Upon reasonable notice
and subject to applicable laws, InforMax has agreed to, and has
agreed to cause each of its subsidiaries to, afford to the
officers, directors, employees, counsel, accountants, financial
advisors (including investment bankers), agents and other
representatives of Invitrogen, during normal business hours and
until the termination of the Merger Agreement, reasonable access
to all its properties, books, contracts and records, and during
such period, InforMax will (and will cause it subsidiaries to
furnish promptly all other information concerning its business,
properties and personnel as Invitrogen reasonably requests.
However, InforMax is not required to permit any inspection or
disclose any information that (i) in the reasonable
judgment of InforMax would result in the improper disclosure of
any trade secrets of third parties or violate any of its
obligations with respect to confidentiality if InforMax will
have used all reasonable best efforts to obtain the consent of
such third party to such inspection or disclosure;
(ii) would violate any attorney-client privilege of
InforMax, or (iii) would contravene any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment, decree or binding agreement entered
into by InforMax prior to October 15, 2002. No
investigation by any of the parties or their respective
representatives will affect the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements set forth in the Merger Agreement.

Further Assurances.

Subject to the Merger Agreement, Invitrogen, Purchaser and
InforMax have each agreed to cooperate with the other and use
(and will cause their respective subsidiaries to use)
commercially reasonable efforts to cause (i) to be done all
things necessary, proper or advisable on its part under the
Merger Agreement and applicable laws to consummate and make
effective the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement as soon as practicable and
(ii) to obtain as promptly as practicable all consents,
registrations, approvals, permits and authorizations necessary
or advisable to be obtained from any third party and/or any
Governmental Entity in order to consummate the Offer, the Merger
or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement.

InforMax, Invitrogen and Purchaser have further
agreed, subject to the Merger Agreement, to use all commercially
reasonable efforts to lift or rescind any injunction or
restraining order or other order adversely affecting the ability
of the parties to complete the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement and use all commercially reasonable efforts to
defend any litigation seeking to enjoin, prevent or delay the
completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, except that Invitrogen will not be required to divest
any of its businesses, product lines or assets, or
InforMaxs or any of its subsidiaries respective
businesses, product lines or assets to obtain any required
approval of any Governmental Entity.

Representations and
Warranties.
 The Merger Agreement
contains various customary representations and warranties of
InforMax, Invitrogen and Purchaser, including representations as
to the enforceability of the Merger Agreement. More
specifically, InforMaxs representations and warranties
include, but are not limited to, representations and warranties
relating to InforMaxs organization, good standing and
qualification, its authority to enter into the Merger Agreement
and complete the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, its compliance with applicable laws (including
environmental laws), its capitalization, the absence of certain
changes or events concerning its business, the absence of
litigation, the accuracy of its financial statements and filings
with the SEC, its taxes, certain of its employment matters and
benefits plans, its material agreements (including its
government contracts), its insurance coverage, its intellectual
property and other properties, and the absence of undisclosed
liabilities.

Indemnification of Officers and
Directors.
 The Merger Agreement
provides that the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation will contain indemnification provisions no
more restrictive in scope and no less favorable to each present
and former director and officer of InforMax than the provisions
in InforMaxs certificate of incorporation and bylaws as of
the date of the Merger Agreement. The indemnification provisions
contained in the Surviving Corporations charter documents
also will not be amended, repealed or modified for a period of
six (6) years after the Effective Time (unless such
modification is required by law) in a manner that would
adversely affect the rights of any indemnified party with
respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective
Time.

Invitrogen has agreed to indemnify and advance
expenses to each present director and officer of InforMax at the
Effective Time and each former officer and director of InforMax
(when acting in such capacity) against any costs or expenses
incurred in connection with any claim that arises based on or
arising out of matters that existed or occurred at or prior to
the Effective Time to the fullest extent that InforMax would
have been permitted under the DGCL and its certificate of
incorporation and bylaws in effect as of the date of the Merger
Agreement to indemnify such person.

Invitrogen has agreed that for a period of six
years after the Effective Time, Invitrogen will cause to be
maintained InforMaxs directors and officers
liability insurance in respects of acts or omissions occurring
prior to the Effective Time or secure coverage no less favorable
than the policy in effect for InforMax on October 15, 2002,
provided that Invitrogen will not be obligated to pay premiums
in excess of $4 million, in which case Invitrogen will
obtain as much coverage as can be obtained for such amount.

Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to
Effect the Merger. 
Under the Merger
Agreement, the respective obligations of each party to effect
the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver at or prior
to the Effective Time of each of the following conditions:
(i) the Merger must have been duly approved by holders of
Shares constituting the InforMax Requisite Vote in accordance
with applicable law, (ii) Purchaser must have accepted for
payment and paid for all Shares validly tendered pursuant to the
Offer and not withdrawn; provided however, that neither
Invitrogen nor Purchaser may invoke this condition if Purchaser

failed to purchase Shares validly tendered and
not withdrawn in violation of the terms of this Agreement or the
Offer, and (iii) no court or Governmental Entity of
competent jurisdiction has enacted, issued, promulgated,
enforced or entered any law, statute, ordinance, rule,
regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other order (whether
temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and
restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits consummation of the
Offer or Merger (an Order), and no Governmental
Entity has instituted any proceeding which continues to be
pending seeking any such Order or challenging in any manner the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, provided
however, that the parties agreed to use their commercially
reasonable efforts to cause any such Order to be vacated or
lifted or such institutional proceedings be dismissed.

HSR Act; Antitrust Matters.

Under the HSR Act and the rules that
have been promulgated thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission
(the FTC), certain acquisition transactions may not
be consummated unless certain information has been furnished to
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the
Antitrust Division) and the FTC and certain waiting
period requirements have been satisfied. The Offer and the
Merger are not subject to the filing and waiting period
requirements under the HSR Act.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Antitrust
Division and the FTC scrutinize the legality under the antitrust
laws of transactions such as the acquisition of Shares by
Invitrogen pursuant to the Offer and the Merger. At any time
before or after the consummation of any such transactions, the
Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action under the
antitrust laws of the United States as it deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin
the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or seeking
divestiture of the Shares so acquired or divestiture of
substantial assets of Invitrogen or InforMax. Private parties
(including individual States of the United States) may also
bring legal actions under the antitrust laws of the United
States. Under the Merger Agreement, Invitrogen is not required
to divest any of its businesses, product lines or assets, or
those of InforMax in order to obtain any required governmental
approval. InforMax does not, and Invitrogen has advised InforMax
that it does not, believe that the consummation of the Offer
will result in a violation of any applicable antitrust laws.
However, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer
on antitrust grounds will not be made, or if such a challenge is
made, what the result will be.

Although neither Invitrogen nor InforMax believe
that any other filings related to business combination statutes
will be necessary in any other countries, both Invitrogen and
InforMax conduct operations in a number of foreign countries and
filings may have to be made with foreign governments under their
pre-merger notification statutes. The filing requirements of
various nations are being analyzed by the parties, and, where
necessary, the parties intend to make such filings.

No Solicitation.

From the date of the Merger Agreement, InforMax agreed that
neither it nor any of its subsidiaries will, nor will they
authorize any of their officers, employees, counsel,
accountants, financial advisors (including investment bankers),
agents or other representatives retained by them, to, directly
or indirectly: (i) solicit, initiate or encourage the
submission of any tender or exchange offer involving InforMax or
any proposal for, or indication of interest in, a merger,
consolidation, stock exchange, business combination or other
similar transaction involving InforMax, or any purchase, license
or lease of in excess of fifteen percent (15%) of the assets of
InforMax and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or the
outstanding Common Stock of InforMax, other than, in each case,
a proposal by Invitrogen or any of its affiliates (an
Acquisition Proposal), (ii) participate in any
discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person
any information regarding InforMax or its subsidiaries with
respect to, any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
constitutes, or could be reasonably expected to lead to, an
Acquisition Proposal; or (iii) grant any waiver or release
under any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any
class of InforMaxs equity securities.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in response to an
unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal, InforMax may
(i) request clarifications from any third party making such
written Acquisition Proposal solely for the purpose of obtaining
information reasonably necessary for InforMax to ascertain
whether such Acquisition Proposal is a Superior Proposal (as
defined below), (ii) participate in discussions or
negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any information
regarding InforMax or its subsidiaries with respect to, any
inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or
could be reasonably expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal,
or grant a waiver or release under any standstill or similar
agreement with respect to any

class of InforMaxs equity securities, as
well as enter into a confidentiality agreement on customary
terms and conditions (and which contains provisions that are no
less protective to InforMax than the provisions of the existing
confidentiality agreement between Invitrogen and InforMax, or
InforMax will amend the confidentiality agreement with
Invitrogen so as to provide Invitrogen with the benefit of the
less protective provisions), in respect of any person, but only
if such person delivers an Acquisition Proposal that, in the
good faith judgment of InforMaxs Board of Directors, is a
Superior Proposal and in the good faith judgment of
InforMaxs Board of Directors after consultation with its
legal counsel, the failure to respond to such Acquisition
Proposal would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to the
Stockholders, (iii) concurrently or immediately following
the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its
terms, enter into an agreement regarding the Superior Proposal,
or approve or recommend any Superior Proposal, in each case, at
any time after the second business day following
Invitrogens receipt of written notice from InforMax
(A) advising Invitrogen that the Board of Directors of
InforMax has received a Superior Proposal which it intends to
accept, identifying the person making such Superior Proposal and
specifying the financial and other material terms and conditions
of such Superior Proposal and (B) inviting Invitrogen to
propose adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement with a view to enabling InforMax to proceed with the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement on such
adjusted terms (provided that InforMax will cooperate in good
faith, and cause its legal and financial advisors to so
cooperate, with Invitrogen in making any such adjustments).

InforMax may not exercise its right to terminate
the Merger Agreement and may not enter into a binding agreement
with respect to a Superior Proposal concurrently or immediately
following such termination, unless prior to or concurrent with
such termination, InforMax has paid to Invitrogen a termination
fee of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,500,000)
(the Termination Fee), plus certain expenses in an
amount not to exceed $500,000; provided further that nothing
contained in the Merger Agreement will prevent InforMaxs
Board of Directors from complying with Rule 14e-2 under the
Exchange Act with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or making
any disclosure required by its fiduciary duties or by applicable
law as determined by InforMaxs Board of Directors in good
faith after consultation with its outside legal counsel. For
purposes of the Merger Agreement, a Superior
Proposal means a bona fide, written Acquisition Proposal
not received in violation of the Merger Agreement that is fully
financed or is accompanied by financing commitments that are
reasonably capable of being satisfied and is on terms that the
Board of Directors of InforMax determines in good faith, after
consultation with its financial advisors would or is reasonably
likely to result in a transaction that, if consummated, would be
more favorable to the Stockholders (taking into account all
factors as InforMaxs Board of Directors deems relevant)
than the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

InforMax also agreed to cease and cause to be
terminated immediately all existing discussions or negotiations
with any persons (other than Invitrogen and its affiliates) with
respect to any Acquisition Proposal. In addition, InforMax
agreed to (i) promptly (and in no event later than two
(2) business days after receipt of any Acquisition Proposal
or inquiry) to notify Invitrogen after its receipt of any
Acquisition Proposal or any inquiries indicating that any person
is considering making an Acquisition Proposal, identifying such
person, and the financial and other material terms and
conditions of any Acquisition Proposal or potential Acquisition
Proposal, (ii) promptly notify Invitrogen after receipt of
any request for nonpublic information relating to its
properties, books or records by any person that may be
considering making or has made, an Acquisition Proposal,
(iii) prior to furnishing any such written information, use
its reasonable best efforts to provide reasonable advance notice
to Invitrogen that it intends to do so, (iv) promptly
provide Invitrogen with any nonpublic information which is given
to such person that has not previously been provided or made
available to Invitrogen or its representatives, and
(v) promptly keep Invitrogen advised of the status and the
financial and other material terms and conditions of any such
Acquisition Proposal, indication or request.

Employee Benefits.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, any employee of InforMax and
its subsidiaries who continues to be an employee of the
Surviving Corporation or any of its subsidiaries (each, an
Affected Employee) will be eligible for
participation in the compensation and benefits plans of
Invitrogen and its subsidiaries under the same criteria applied
to similarly situated employees of Invitrogen and its
subsidiaries. Invitrogen will, or will cause the Surviving
Corporation to recognize the employment service of each Affected
Employee with InforMax for purposes of eligibility and vesting
under any benefit plan of

Invitrogen. Each Affected Employee will be
eligible to participate in the equity-related plans of
Invitrogen and its subsidiaries under the same criteria applied
to similarly situated employees of Invitrogen and its
subsidiaries.

Following the Effective Time, Invitrogen will, or
will cause the Surviving Corporation to, honor and maintain
(i) all disclosed InforMax employment and severance-related
agreements in existence as of the date of the Merger Agreement;
(ii) all vacation and other leave earned or accrued by, but
not taken by or paid to, Affected Employees through the
Effective Time (as calculated or determined under policies or
plans in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time); and
(iii) all provisions in InforMaxs compensation and
benefit plans for vested benefits and other vested amounts
earned or accrued through the Effective Time.

Invitrogen has agreed to, or to cause the
Surviving Corporation to, fund an amount not less than
$1.2 million, in the aggregate, for purposes of payment of
annual compensation bonuses for the current fiscal year and
retention bonuses to a majority of the Affected Employees. The
bonus amount will be allocated to each Affected Employee at the
discretion of InforMaxs Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Operating Officer but within a range agreed upon by Invitrogen.
Fifty percent (50%) of each Affected Employees bonus
will be attributable to their compensation bonus for the current
fiscal year and paid to each Affected Employee in accordance
with InforMaxs historical practice. The remaining fifty
percent (50%) of each Affected Employees bonus will
be allocated to their retention bonus, and will be paid upon the
earlier of (i) one hundred twenty (120) days following
the Effective Time, provided the Affected Employee is still
employed by the Surviving Corporation, Invitrogen or an
affiliate of Invitrogen on such date, or (ii) upon
termination of such Affected Employees employment without
cause. If such Affected Employees employment terminates
prior to the date one hundred twenty (120) days from the
Effective Time for any reason other than his or her termination
without cause, such Affected Employee will forfeit all rights to
the payment of any retention bonus. Invitrogen has also agreed
to ensure that the Affected Employees are provided bonus
opportunities that are comparable to those in effect at such
time for similarly situated employees of Invitrogen or its
affiliates.

Termination; Termination Fee and
Expenses.
 The Merger Agreement may be
terminated prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after
Stockholder approval:

(i) by the mutual written consent, approved
    by the Board of Directors of each of Invitrogen and InforMax;

(ii) by either InforMax or Invitrogen if:
    (A) Purchaser has not purchased the Shares under the Offer
    by January 13, 2003 or (B) the Offer is terminated,
    withdrawn of expires pursuant to its terms without any Shares
    being purchased, provided that such right will not be available
    to any party who has materially breached its obligations under
    the Merger Agreement, where such material breach resulted in the
    failure of the Offer to have been completed or, in the case of
    Invitrogen or Purchaser, if Invitrogen or Purchaser is in
    material violation of the terms of the Offer;

(iii) by either InforMax or Invitrogen if:
    (A) a Governmental Entity has enacted, issued, promulgated,
    enforced or entered any Order, or taken any other action, in any
    case having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or
    otherwise prohibiting the Offer or the Merger, which Order is
    final and non-appealable, or (B) a court of competent
    jurisdiction institutes an Order prohibiting the consummation of
    the Offer or the Merger, provided that the Order is
    non-appealable and not the result of an action or proceeding
    instituted by the terminating party and, prior to such
    termination, the parties used their commercially reasonable
    efforts to resist, resolve or lift, as applicable, the Order,
    provided that the right to terminate the Merger Agreement for
    these reasons is not be available to any party whose material
    breach of any obligation under the Merger Agreement has been the
    cause of, or resulted in, the relevant action or inaction;

(iv) by Invitrogen prior to the purchase of
    the Shares under the Offer if:

(A) the Board of Directors of InforMax or
    any of its committees has (1) withdrawn or modified in a
    manner adverse to Invitrogen or Purchaser its approval or
    recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger;
    (2) failed to mail the Schedule 14D-9 as required by
    the Merger Agreement to the Stockholders or failed to include in
    the Schedule 14D-9 its approval or

recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement
    or the Merger (or allow Invitrogen to include the recommendation
    of InforMaxs Board of Directors in the Offer Documents);
    (3) approved, recommended or announced a neutral position
    with respect to any Acquisition Proposal; (4) not
    reaffirmed its recommendation of the Offer within ten
    (10) days following publication or mailing of an
    Acquisition Proposal to the Stockholders; or (5) resolved
    to do any of the foregoing; or

(B) (1) there is a material breach of
    any representation or warranty of InforMax in the Merger
    Agreement, or a non-material breach of a representation or
    warranty of InforMax in the Merger Agreement that is qualified
    as to a Company Material Adverse Effect, or (2) there is a
    material breach by InforMax of any of its covenants or
    agreements contained in the Merger Agreement, which breach
    either is not reasonably capable of being cured or, if it is
    reasonably capable of being cured, has not been cured within the
    earlier of (x) fifteen (15) days after giving of
    written notice to InforMax of such breach and (y) the
    Termination Date; provided, that Invitrogen may not terminate
    the Merger Agreement for these reasons if Invitrogen or
    Purchaser is in material breach of this Agreement at the time of
    such attempted termination; or

(C) InforMax enters into a definitive
    agreement with respect to an Acquisition Proposal.

(v) by InforMax prior to the purchase of the
    Shares under the Offer if:

(A) Invitrogen or Purchaser has
    (1) failed to commence the Offer in accordance with the
    Merger Agreement, (2) made any change to the Offer in
    contravention of the Merger Agreement, or (3) failed to
    purchase validly tendered Shares in violation of the terms of
    the Offer within ten (10) business days after the
    Expiration Date of the Offer, unless either such failure has
    been caused by any material breach by InforMax of its
    obligations under the Agreement;

(B) (1) there is a material breach of
    any representation or warranty of Invitrogen or Purchaser in the
    Merger Agreement, or a nonmaterial breach of a representation or
    warranty of Invitrogen in the Merger Agreement that is qualified
    as to a Parent Material Adverse Effect, or (2) there is a
    material breach by Invitrogen or Purchaser of any of their
    respective covenants or agreements contained in the Merger
    Agreement, which breach is not reasonably capable of being cured
    or, if it is reasonably capable of being cured, has not been
    cured within the earlier of (x) fifteen (15) days
    after giving of written notice to Invitrogen of such breach and
    (y) the Termination Date; provided, that InforMax may not
    terminate this Agreement for these reasons if InforMax is in
    material breach of this Agreement at the time of such attempted
    termination; or

(C) InforMax has received and evaluated a
    Superior Proposal in compliance with the provisions of the
    Merger Agreement and intends to enter into a definitive
    agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal concurrently with
    or immediately following the termination, provided that InforMax
    makes payment of the Termination Fee in accordance with the
    Merger Agreement.

In the event of a termination of the Merger
Agreement, each party will pay the costs and expenses incurred
by it in connection with the Merger Agreement and the Merger
Agreement will become void, there will be no liability on the
part of Invitrogen, Purchaser or InforMax or any of their
respective officers or directors to the other parties and all
rights and obligations of any party to the Merger Agreement will
cease, except that no party will be relieved for any willful
breach of the Merger Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, InforMax has
agreed to pay to Invitrogen (i) all reasonable costs and
expenses of Invitrogen and Purchaser incurred in connection with
the negotiation and performance of the Merger Agreement, in an
amount not to exceed $500,000 and (ii) the Termination Fee
if the Merger Agreement is terminated:

(i) by InforMax if InforMax has received and
    evaluated a Superior Proposal and intends to enter into a
    definitive agreement with respect to the Superior Proposal
    concurrently with or immediately following the termination of
    the Merger Agreement, or

(ii) by Invitrogen if (A) the Board of
    Directors of InforMax or any committee has (1) withdrawn or
    modified in a manner adverse to Invitrogen or Purchaser its
    approval or recommendation of the Offer,

the Merger Agreement or the Merger;
    (2) failed to mail the Schedule 14D-9 as required by
    the Merger Agreement to the Stockholders or failed to include in
    the Schedule 14D-9 its approval or recommendation of the
    Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger (or allow Invitrogen
    to include the recommendation of InforMaxs Board of
    Directors in the Offer Documents); (3) approved,
    recommended or announced a neutral position with respect to any
    Acquisition Proposal; (4) not reaffirmed its recommendation
    of the Offer within ten (10) days following publication or
    mailing of an Acquisition Proposal to the Stockholders; or
    (5) resolved to do any of the foregoing or
    (B) InforMax enters into a definitive agreement with
    respect to an Acquisition Proposal; or

(iii) by Invitrogen if (A) there is a
    material breach of any representation or warranty of InforMax in
    the Merger Agreement, or a non-material breach of a
    representation or warranty of InforMax in the Merger Agreement
    that is qualified as to a Company Material Adverse Effect, or
    (B) there is a material breach by InforMax of any of its
    covenants or agreements contained in the Merger Agreement, which
    breach either is not reasonably capable of being cured or, if it
    is reasonably capable of being cured, has not been cured within
    the earlier of (x) fifteen (15) days after giving of
    written notice to InforMax of such breach and (y) the
    Termination Date, provided, however, the Termination Fee is only
    payable in this situation if after the date of the Merger
    Agreement and prior to such termination, an Acquisition Proposal
    was publicly announced and not withdrawn or abandoned at the
    time of termination and within one hundred eighty
    (180) days after the termination, InforMax enters into a
    definitive agreement with respect to the Acquisition Proposal.

Amendment. 
Subject
to applicable law, at any time prior to the Effective Time, the
Merger Agreement can be modified or amended by written agreement
of the parties, provided that, after approval of the Merger
Agreement and the Merger by the Stockholders, no amendment may
be made without Stockholder approval which would reduce the
amount or change the type of consideration into which each Share
is converted on completion of the Merger.

12.
     Purpose of
the Offer and the Merger; Plans for the Surviving Corporation;
Stockholder Approval and Appraisal Rights.

Purpose of the Offer and the
Merger.
 The purpose of the Offer and
the Merger is for Invitrogen to acquire control of, and the
entire equity interest in, InforMax. The Offer is intended to
increase the likelihood that the Merger will be completed
promptly. The acquisition of the entire equity interest in
InforMax has been structured as a cash tender offer followed by
a cash merger in order to provide a prompt and orderly transfer
of ownership of InforMax from the Stockholders to Invitrogen and
to provide the Stockholders with cash in a per Share amount
equal to the Offer Price for all of their Shares.

Plans for the Surviving
Corporation.
 Following the Merger,
InforMax will be operated as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Invitrogen. Invitrogen has begun, and intends to continue, a
review of InforMax and its assets, corporate structure,
capitalization, operations, properties, policies, geographic
locations, management and personnel to determine what changes
would be desirable in order best to organize and integrate the
activities of InforMax and Invitrogen. Invitrogen expressly
reserves the right to make any changes that it deems necessary,
appropriate or desirable in light of its review or in light of
future developments. Invitrogen may discuss with InforMax, prior
to the consummation of the Offer, certain matters relating to
the integration of InforMax with Invitrogen.

Except as discussed above or as otherwise
provided in this Offer to Purchase, Purchaser and Invitrogen
have no present plans or proposals that would result in an
extraordinary corporate transaction involving InforMax or its
subsidiaries, such as a merger, reorganization, or liquidation
or sale of a material amount of InforMaxs assets, and no
current plans to make any material changes in InforMaxs
capitalization, corporate structure, dividend policy or business.

Stockholder Approval and Appraisal
Rights.
 Under the DGCL, the approval
of InforMaxs Board and, except as described below, the
affirmative vote of the holders of more than fifty percent (50%)
of all of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the
outstanding Shares is required to approve and adopt the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including
the Merger. InforMaxs Board has unani-

mously approved and adopted the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby and, unless the Merger
is consummated pursuant to a Short-Form Merger, the only
remaining required corporate action of InforMax to effect the
Merger is the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby by the affirmative vote of
the holders of more than fifty percent (50%) of all of the votes
entitled to be cast by the holders of the outstanding Shares.
Accordingly, if the Minimum Condition is satisfied, Purchaser
will have sufficient voting power to cause the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby without the affirmative vote of any other
Stockholder.

In the Merger Agreement, InforMax has agreed to
take all action necessary in accordance with the DGCL to convene
a meeting of its Stockholders as promptly as practical after
acceptance of and payment for the Shares by Purchaser for the
purpose of considering and voting on the approval of the Merger
if required.

Under the DGCL, if Purchaser acquires and owns of
record, pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, such number of
Shares which, when added to the Shares owned of record by
Purchaser on such date, constitutes at least 90% of the then
outstanding Shares, Purchaser will be able to approve and adopt
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby,
and effect a Short-Form Merger pursuant to the applicable
provisions of the DGCL, without a vote of the Stockholders.
Invitrogen, Purchaser and InforMax have agreed to take all
necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to be
effective within one (1) business day after such
acquisition. If Purchaser does not acquire at least 90% of the
then issued and outstanding Shares, a vote of the Stockholders
will be required under the DGCL to effect the Merger, and a
significantly longer period of time will be required to effect
the Merger. To facilitate the accomplishment of a
Short-Form Merger, InforMax has granted Invitrogen and
Purchaser the Top-Up Option, exercisable only on or after the
Expiration Date and subject to Purchasers purchase and
payment pursuant to the Offer (and any subsequent offering
period) of at least 85% of the Shares then outstanding, to
purchase the number of additional Shares at a price per Share
equal to the Offer Price, necessary to result in the ownership
by Purchaser of one share more than 90% of the Shares then
outstanding.

Appraisal Rights.
 No
appraisal rights are available in connection with the Offer.
However, if the Merger is consummated, Stockholders of InforMax
will have certain rights under Section 262 of the DGCL to
dissent and demand appraisal of, and to receive payment in cash
of the fair value of, their Shares. Such rights to dissent, if
the statutory procedures are complied with, could lead to a
judicial determination of the fair value (excluding any value
arising from the Merger) required to be paid in cash to
dissenting Stockholders for their Shares, together with a rate
of interest, if any. Any judicial determination of the fair
value of Shares could be based upon considerations other than,
or in addition to, those discussed in this Offer to Purchase and
the market value of the Shares, including asset values, interest
and the investment value of the Shares. The value as so
determined could be more or less than the Merger Consideration.

If a Stockholder who demands appraisal under
Section 262 of the DGCL fails to perfect, or effectively
withdraws or loses, his or her right to appraisal as provided in
the DGCL, the Shares of that Stockholder will be converted into
the right to receive the Merger Consideration in accordance with
the Merger Agreement. A Stockholder may withdraw his demand for
appraisal by delivering to the Surviving Corporation a written
withdrawal of such demand for appraisal and acceptance of the
Merger.

Failure to precisely follow the steps required by
Section 262 of the DGCL for the perfection of appraisal
rights may result in the loss of those rights.

Going Private
Transactions.
 Rule 13e-3 under
the Exchange Act is applicable to certain
going-private transactions. Rule 13e-3 will not
be applicable to the Merger if the Merger is consummated within
one (1) year of consummation of the Offer. If applicable,
Rule 13e-3 would require, among other things, that certain
financial information concerning InforMax and certain
information relating to the fairness of the Merger and the
consideration offered to stockholders therein, be filed with the
SEC and disclosed to Stockholders prior to completion of the
Merger.

13.     
Dividends and
Distributions.
 The Merger Agreement provides that InforMax
will not, between the date of the Merger Agreement and the
Effective Time, without the prior written consent of Invitrogen,
declare or pay any dividends on or make any other distributions
in respect of any capital stock or split, combine,

subdivide or reclassify any capital stock or
issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in
respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for any capital stock.

14.     
Conditions of
the Offer.
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer
(subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement), Purchaser
will not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any
applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including
Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to
Purchasers obligation to pay for or return tendered Shares
promptly after termination or withdrawal of the Offer), pay for,
and may delay the acceptance for payment of or, subject to the
restriction referred to above, the payment for, any tendered
Shares, if:

(i) there have not been validly tendered and
    not properly withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer a
    number of Shares which represent more than the Minimum
    Condition, (ii) any applicable waiting period (and any
    extension thereof) under the HSR Act (or similar law applicable
    to this transaction involving any Government Entity) has not
    expired or been terminated or (iii) if, at any time on or
    after the date of the Merger Agreement and at or before the time
    of payment for any such Shares (whether or not any Shares have
    theretofore been accepted for payment or paid for pursuant to
    the Offer) any of the following occur:

(a) a court or Governmental Entity of
    competent jurisdiction has been enacted, issued, promulgated,
    enforced or entered any Order or any Governmental Entity has
    instituted any proceeding which continues to be pending seeking
    an Order or challenging in any manner the transactions
    contemplated in the Merger Agreement;

(b) any of the following have occurred and
    continue to exist (A) any general suspension of trading in,
    or limitation on prices for, securities on Nasdaq, (excluding
    suspensions or limitations resulting solely from physical damage
    or interference with such exchanges not related to market
    conditions), (B) a declaration of a banking moratorium or
    any suspension of payments in respect of banks in the United
    States, or (C) any material limitation (whether or not
    mandatory) by any United States Federal or United States state
    or governmental authority or agency on the extension of credit
    by banks or other financial institutions;

(c) any representation or warranty of
    InforMax contained in the Merger Agreement that (i) is
    qualified as to Company Material Adverse Effect shall not have
    been true and correct as of the date of the Merger Agreement or
    shall not be true and correct as of the date of consummation of
    the Offer as though made on or as of such date (other than
    representations and warranties which by their terms address
    matters as of another specified date, which shall be true and
    correct as of such other specified date), or (ii) is not
    qualified as to Company Material Adverse Effect shall not have
    been true and correct in all material respects, as of the date
    of the Merger Agreement or shall not be true and correct as of
    the date of consummation of the Offer as though made on or as of
    such date (other than representations and warranties which by
    their terms address matters as of another specified date, which
    shall be true and correct as of such other specified date);

(d) InforMax has failed to perform in any
    material respect any obligation or to comply in any material
    respect with any agreement or covenant of InforMax to be
    performed or complied with by it under the Merger Agreement;

(e) the Board of Directors of InforMax (or a
    special committee thereof) (A) has withdrawn, modified or
    changed in a manner adverse to Invitrogen and Purchaser
    (including by amendment of the Schedule 14D-9) its
    recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the Merger,
    (B) has approved, recommended or announced a neutral
    position with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, (C) did
    not reaffirm its recommendation of the Offer, the Merger
    Agreement or the Merger within ten (10) days of the
    announcement or mailing of an Acquisition Proposal to the
    Stockholders, or (D) has adopted any resolution to effect
    the foregoing;

(f) any applicable waiting period under the
    HSR Act relating to the Offer and the Merger has not expired or
    been terminated and all material consents, approvals and
    authorizations required to be

obtained prior to the consummation of the Offer
    and the Merger by the parties from a Government Entity to
    complete the Offer and the Merger, have not been made or
    obtained, as the case may be;

(g) the Merger Agreement has been terminated
    in accordance with its terms; or

(h) InforMax has not filed with the SEC its
    Form 10-Q for the third quarter period ended
    September 30, 2002, accompanied by certifications, without
    qualification, required under Sections 302 and 906 of the
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;

which, in the reasonable judgment of Purchaser,
    in any such case and regardless of the circumstances giving rise
    to any such condition, makes it inadvisable to proceed with the
    Offer and/or with such acceptance for payment of, or payment
    for, Shares.

The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit
of Purchaser and, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
may be asserted by Purchaser or Invitrogen, or may be waived by
Invitrogen or Purchaser in whole or in part at any time and from
time to time in the sole discretion of Invitrogen or Purchaser,
except that the Minimum Condition and the conditions in
paragraph (f) above may not be waived by Invitrogen or
Purchaser without the prior written consent of InforMax. The
failure by Invitrogen or Purchaser at any time to exercise any
of the foregoing rights will not be deemed a waiver of any such
right. The waiver of any such right with respect to particular
facts and circumstances will not be deemed a waiver with respect
to any other facts and circumstances and each such right will be
deemed an ongoing right which may be asserted at any time and
from time to time.

15.     
Certain Legal
Matters and Regulatory Approvals.

General. 
Except as
described in this Section 15, based solely on information
provided by InforMax, none of InforMax, Purchaser or Invitrogen
is aware of (i) any license or regulatory permit that
appears to be material to the business of InforMax and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that might be adversely affected
by the acquisition of Shares by Invitrogen or Purchaser pursuant
to the Offer, the Merger or otherwise, or (ii) except as
set forth herein, any approval or other action by any
governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or authority,
domestic or foreign, that would be required prior to the
acquisition of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, the
Merger or otherwise. Should any such approval or other action be
required, Purchaser and Invitrogen presently contemplate that
such approval or other action will be sought, except as
described below under State Antitakeover Statutes.
While, except as otherwise described in this Offer to Purchase,
Purchaser does not presently intend to delay the acceptance for
payment of, or payment for, Shares tendered pursuant to the
Offer pending the outcome of any such matter, there can be no
assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed,
would be obtained or would be obtained without substantial
conditions or that failure to obtain any such approval or other
action might not result in consequences adverse to
InforMaxs business or that certain parts of
InforMaxs business might not have to be disposed of, or
other substantial conditions complied with, in the event that
such approvals were not obtained or such other actions were not
taken or in order to obtain any such approval or other action.
If certain types of adverse action are taken with respect to the
matters discussed below, Purchaser could decline to accept for
payment, or pay for, any Shares tendered. See Section 14
Conditions to the Offer for a discussion of the
conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to
governmental actions.

State Antitakeover
Statutes.
 Section 203 of the
DGCL, in general, prohibits a Delaware corporation, such as
InforMax, from engaging in a Business Combination
(defined to include a variety of transactions, including
mergers) with an Interested Stockholder (defined
generally as a person that is the beneficial owner of 15% or
more of the outstanding voting stock of the subject corporation)
for a period of three years following the date that such person
became an Interested Stockholder unless, prior to the date such
person became an Interested Stockholder, the board of directors
of the corporation approved either the Business Combination or
the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an
Interested Stockholder. The provisions of Section 203 of the
DGCL are not applicable to any of the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement because the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby were approved by
InforMaxs Board prior to the execution thereof.

A number of states have adopted laws and
regulations that purport to apply to attempts to acquire
corporations that are incorporated in such states, or whose
business operations have substantial economic effects in such
states, or which have substantial assets, security holders,
employees, principal executive offices or principal places of
business in such states. In 
Edgar v. MITE Corp.,
 the
Supreme Court of the United States (the Supreme
Court) invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois
Business Takeover statute, which, as a matter of state
securities law, made certain corporate acquisitions more
difficult. However, in 1987, in 
CTS Corp. v. Dynamics
Corp. of America,
 the Supreme Court held that the State of
Indiana may, as a matter of corporate law and, in particular,
with respect to those aspects of corporate law concerning
corporate governance, constitutionally disqualify a potential
acquirer from voting on the affairs of a target corporation
without the prior approval of the remaining stockholders. The
state law before the Supreme Court was by its terms applicable
only to corporations that had a substantial number of
stockholders in the state and were incorporated there.
Subsequently, in 
TLX Acquisition Corp. v. Telex Corp.,
 a
Federal District Court in Oklahoma ruled that Oklahomas
takeover statutes were unconstitutional insofar as they apply to
corporations incorporated outside Oklahoma because they would
subject such corporations to inconsistent regulations.
Similarly, in 
Tyson Foods, Inc. v. McReynolds,
 a
Federal District Court in Tennessee ruled that four Tennessee
takeover statutes were unconstitutional as applied to
corporations incorporated outside Tennessee. This decision was
affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit.

Invitrogen and Purchaser do not believe that the
antitakeover laws and regulations of any state other than the
State of Delaware will by their terms apply to the Offer, and
neither Invitrogen nor Purchaser has attempted to comply with
any state antitakeover statute or regulation. Purchaser reserves
the right to challenge the applicability or validity of any
state law purportedly applicable to the Offer and nothing in
this Offer to Purchase or any action taken in connection with
the Offer is intended as a waiver of such right. If it is
asserted that any state antitakeover statute is applicable to
the Offer and an appropriate court does not determine that it is
inapplicable or invalid as applied to the Offer, Purchaser might
be required to file certain information with, or to receive
approvals from, the relevant state authorities, and Purchaser
might be unable to accept for payment or pay for Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer or may be delayed in consummating the
Offer. In such case, Purchaser may not be obligated to accept
for payment, or pay for, any Shares tendered pursuant to the
Offer. See Section 14 Conditions to the Offer.

Antitrust
Compliance.
 Under the HSR Act and the
rules that have been promulgated thereunder by the FTC, certain
acquisition transactions may not be consummated unless certain
information has been furnished to the Antitrust Division and the
FTC and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied.
The Offer and the Merger are not subject to the filing and
waiting period requirements under the HSR Act.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Antitrust
Division and the FTC scrutinize the legality under the antitrust
laws of transactions such as the acquisition of Shares by
Invitrogen pursuant to the Offer and the Merger. At any time
before or after the consummation of any such transactions, the
Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action under the
antitrust laws of the United States as it deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin
the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or seeking
divestiture of the Shares so acquired or divestiture of
substantial assets of Invitrogen or InforMax. Private parties
(including individual States of the United States) may also
bring legal actions under the antitrust laws of the United
States. Under the Merger Agreement, Invitrogen is not required
to divest any of its businesses, product lines or assets, or
those of InforMax in order to obtain any required governmental
approval. InforMax does not, and Invitrogen has advised InforMax
that it does not, believe that the consummation of the Offer
will result in a violation of any applicable antitrust laws.
However, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer
on antitrust grounds will not be made, or if such a challenge is
made, what the result will be.

Although neither Invitrogen nor InforMax believe
that any other filings related to business combination statutes
will be necessary in any other countries, both Invitrogen and
InforMax conduct operations in a number of foreign countries and
filings may have to be made with foreign governments under their
pre-merger notification statutes. The filing requirements of
various nations are being analyzed by the parties, and, where
necessary, the parties intend to make such filings. See
Section 14 Conditions to the Offer of this
Offer to Purchase for certain conditions to the Offer that could
become applicable in the event of such a challenge.

16.     
Fees and
Expenses.

Information Agent.

Purchaser has retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to act as the
Information Agent in connection with the Offer. The Information
Agent may contact holders of Shares by mail, telephone, telex,
telegraph and personal interviews and may request brokers,
dealers and other nominee stockholders to forward materials
relating to the Offer to beneficial owners of Shares. The
Information Agent will receive reasonable and customary
compensation for such services, plus reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses, and Purchaser will indemnify the
Information Agent against certain liabilities and expenses in
connection with the Offer, including liabilities under the
federal securities laws.

Depositary.

Purchaser will pay the Depositary reasonable and customary
compensation for its services in connection with the Offer, plus
reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses, and will indemnify the
Depositary against certain liabilities and expenses in
connection therewith, including liabilities under the federal
securities laws. Brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust
companies will be reimbursed by Purchaser for customary mailing
and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding material to
their customers.

17.     
Miscellaneous.

Purchaser is not aware of any jurisdiction where the making of
the Offer is prohibited by any administrative or judicial action
pursuant to any valid state statute. If Purchaser becomes aware
of any valid state statute prohibiting the making of the Offer
or the acceptance of Shares pursuant thereto, Purchaser will
make a good faith effort to comply with any such state statute.
If, after such good faith effort, Purchaser cannot comply with
any such state statute, the Offer will not made to (nor will
tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in
such state.

NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY
INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF PURCHASER,
INVITROGEN OR INFORMAX NOT CONTAINED IN THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE
OR IN THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, AND IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING
BEEN AUTHORIZED.

Pursuant to Rule 14d-3 of the General Rules
and Regulations under the Exchange Act, Invitrogen and Purchaser
have filed with the SEC the Schedule TO, together with
exhibits, furnishing certain additional information with respect
to the Offer, and may file amendments thereto. Such
Schedule TO, including exhibits and any amendments thereto,
may be inspected at, and copies may be obtained from, the same
places and in the same manner as set forth in Section 8
Certain Information Concerning InforMax (except that
they will not be available at the regional offices of the SEC).

Babcock, Inc.

October 25, 2002

SCHEDULE I

INFORMATION CONCERNING THE DIRECTORS

AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PURCHASER AND
INVITROGEN

A.     
Directors and
Executive Officers of Purchaser

The following table sets forth the name, present
principal occupation or employment and material occupations,
positions, offices or employment for the past five years of each
director and executive officer of Purchaser. Unless otherwise
indicated, the current business address of each person is
1600 Faraday Avenue, Carlsbad, California 92008. Unless
otherwise indicated, each such person is a citizen of the United
States and each occupation set forth opposite an
individuals name refers to employment with Babcock, Inc.

Present Principal Occupation or Employment;

Name and Business Address

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

John D. Thompson

President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director
    of Purchaser since October 2002. Mr. Thompson has worked
    with Invitrogen since the merger of Dexter Corporation into
    Invitrogen in September 2000 and was appointed Vice President,
    Corporate Development of Invitrogen in November 2000. From
    January 1995 to September 2000, Mr. Thompson was the Senior
    Vice President, Strategic and Business Development for Dexter.
    Mr. Thompson received his B.B.A. in Accounting from
    Cleveland State University.

C. Eric Winzer

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and a Director
    of Purchaser since October 2002. Mr. Winzer was appointed
    Chief Financial Officer of Invitrogen in June of 2002. Prior to
    that, he served as Vice President, Finance, of Invitrogen since
    November 2000. Prior to the merger of Life Technologies into
    Invitrogen he served as Vice President, Finance and Chief
    Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Life Technologies
    from May 4, 1999 to September 14, 2000. Prior to that,
    he was the controller of Life Technologies since 1991.
    Mr. Winzer received his B.A. in Economics and Business
    Administration from Western Maryland College and an M.B.A. from
    Mt. St. Marys College.

John A. Cottingham

Secretary and a Director of Purchaser since
    October 2002. Mr. Cottingham became Vice President, General
    Counsel and Secretary of Invitrogen in November 2000. He served
    as Vice President and General Counsel of Life Technologies from
    May 2000 until the merger with Invitrogen in September 2000.
    From January 1996 until May 2000, Mr. Cottingham was the
    General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Life Technologies.
    Prior to joining Life Technologies, he had been an international
    corporate attorney with the Washington, D.C. office of Fulbright
    and Jaworski L.L.P. from May 1988 through December 1995.
    Mr. Cottingham received his B.A. in Political Science from
    Furman University, his J.D. from the University of South
    Carolina and his LL.M. in Securities Regulation from Georgetown
    University.

B.     
Directors and
Executive Officers of Invitrogen

The following table sets forth the name, present
principal occupation or employment and material occupations,
positions, offices or employment for the past five years of each
director and executive officer of Invitrogen. Unless otherwise
indicated, the current business address of each person is
1600 Faraday Avenue,

Carlsbad, California 92008. Unless otherwise
indicated, each such person is a citizen of the United States
and each occupation set forth opposite an individuals name
refers to employment with Invitrogen.

Present Principal Occupation or Employment;

Name and Business Address

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Lyle C. Turner

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
    of the Board of Directors since February 1988. Mr. Turner
    was a founder of Invitrogen. Previously, Mr. Turner served
    as Director of Sales and Marketing at Stratagene, a life science
    research company, from January 1987 through February 1988, and
    as Technical Sales Specialist at Boehringer Mannheim
    Biochemicals, a research supply company, from June 1985 to
    January 1987. Mr. Turner received his B.A. in Chemistry
    from the University of California, San Diego.

C. Eric Winzer

Chief Financial Officer of Invitrogen since June
    of 2002. Prior to that, he served as Vice President, Finance, of
    Invitrogen since November 2000. Prior to the merger of Life
    Technologies into Invitrogen he served as Vice President,
    Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of
    Life Technologies from May 4, 1999 to September 14,
    2000. Prior to that, he was the controller of Life Technologies
    since 1991. Mr. Winzer received his B.A. in Economics and
    Business Administration from Western Maryland College and an
    M.B.A. from Mt. St. Marys College.

James R. Glynn

Executive Vice President and a Director of
    Invitrogen since June 1998, and served as Chief Financial
    Officer of Invitrogen from June 1998 to June 2002.
    Mr. Glynn previously served as a Director of Invitrogen
    from May through November 1995. From July 1995 to May 1997,
    Mr. Glynn served as Senior Vice President and Chief
    Financial Officer and from May 1997 to July 1998, as Chief
    Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of
    Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., a company focusing on the treatment
    of cancer. Mr. Glynn received his B.B.A. in Accounting from
    Cleveland State University.

John D. Thompson

Vice President, Corporate Development of
    Invitrogen since November 2000. From January 1995 to September
    2000, Mr. Thompson was the Senior Vice President, Strategic
    and Business Development for Dexter. Mr. Thompson received
    his B.B.A. in Accounting from Cleveland State University.

John A. Cottingham

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of
    Invitrogen since in November 2000. He served as Vice President
    and General Counsel of Life Technologies from May 2000 until the
    merger with Invitrogen in September 2000. From January 1996
    until May 2000, Mr. Cottingham was the General Counsel and
    Assistant Secretary of Life Technologies. Prior to joining Life
    Technologies, he had been an international corporate attorney
    with the Washington, D.C. office of Fulbright and Jaworski
    L.L.P. from May 1988 through December 1995. Mr. Cottingham
    received his B.A. in Political Science from Furman University,
    his J.D. from the University of South Carolina and his LL.M. in
    Securities Regulation from Georgetown University.

Victor N. Nole, Jr.

President of Invitrogens Cell Culture
    business since November 2000. From July 2000 to November 2000,
    he was the Director, Global Materials Management for Life
    Technologies and Invitrogen (following the merger). From
    September 1992 to July 2000, Mr. Nole was the Director,
    Manufacturing of Life Technologies. Mr. Nole received his
    B.S. in Biology from the University at Buffalo and his M.B.A.
    from Canisius College.

L. James Runchey

Vice President of Human Resources of Invitrogen
    since August 2001. From November 1996 to September 2000,
    Mr. Runchey served as Vice President for ALARIS Medical
    Systems. From May 1995 to November 1996, Mr. Runchey served
    as Vice President, Human Resources for IVAC Corporation.
    Mr. Runchey received his B.S. in Business Administration
    from San Diego State University.

Present Principal Occupation or Employment;

Name and Business Address

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Daryl J. Faulkner

Senior Vice President, International Operations
    of Invitrogen since July 2002. Prior to that he served as
    General Manager and Vice President, Europe of Invitrogen since
    November 2000. Prior to the merger of Life Technologies into
    Invitrogen he served as General Manager and Vice President,
    Europe, of Life Technologies, Inc. from August 1999 to September
    2000. Prior to that Mr. Faulkner was Plant Manager,
    Critical Care Division for Abbot Laboratories in Salt Lake City
    from January 1992 to March 1998. Mr. Faulkner received a
    B.S. in Industrial Relations from the University of North
    Carolina, Chapel Hill and an M.A. in Business Management from
    Webster University.

Ann M. McCormick

Vice President, Manufacturing Operations of
    Invitrogen since May 1992. Prior to working at Invitrogen,
    Ms. McCormick worked as a Senior Scientist at Beckman
    Instruments, now Beckman-Coulter, from August 1987 to April
    1992. Ms. McCormick received an M.S. from Indiana State
    University and a B.S. in Biology from Christopher Newport
    College.

Balakrishnan S. Iyer

Director of Invitrogen since July 2001. He is
    currently Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and
    a Director of Conexant Systems, Inc. since February 2002.
    Mr. Iyer previously served as Senior Vice President and
    Chief Financial Officer of VLSI Technology Inc. where he was
    responsible for all worldwide financial functions, information
    technology and strategic planning. During his career, he has
    held a variety of other key management positions, including
    Finance Director and Group Controller for a $1 billion
    business at Advanced Micro Devices. Mr. Iyer received his
    B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of
    Technology, Madras and his M.S. in Industrial Engineering from
    the University of California, Berkeley. Mr. Iyer also
    received an M.B.A. in Finance from the Wharton School.

William J. Mercer

Director of Invitrogen since July 2001.
    Mr. Mercer is the Founder and Managing Member of Avocet
    Ventures, LLC, a private equity investment firm since February
    2000. Prior to his current position, Mr. Mercer was the
    President, Chief Executive Officer, and a Director of ALARIS
    Medical Systems, Inc., a global leader in drug infusion systems,
    patient monitoring, and cardiac monitoring from November 1996 to
    October 1999. Prior to that position, Mr. Mercer was the
    President, Chief Executive Officer, and a Director of IVAC
    Medical Systems, Inc. from May 1995 to November 1996.
    Mr. Mercer received his B.S. in Zoology from North Carolina
    State University and a certificate of Advanced Management
    Program of Harvard Business School.

David E. McCarty

Director of Invitrogen since August 1999. From
    August to September 1999, he served as Senior Vice President and
    in September 1999 he served as Executive Vice President of
    Invitrogen. From August 1997 to September 1999, Mr. McCarty
    served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NOVEX. Prior
    to joining NOVEX, Mr. McCarty was President and Chief
    Executive Officer of Alexon Biomedical, an immunoassay
    diagnostic company which he joined in 1990. Mr. McCarty
    received his B.S. in Chemistry from California State University
    at Northridge and his M.B.A. from California State University at
    Long Beach.

Raymond V. Dittamore

Director of Invitrogen since July 2001.
    Mr. Dittamore has also been a Director of Gen-Probe
    Incorporated and Applied Molecular Evolution, Inc. since
    September 2002. In June 2001, Mr. Dittamore retired as a
    partner of Ernst & Young after 35 years of
    service. He brings to the Board of Directors over three decades
    of public accounting experience, primarily serving companies in
    the life sciences industry. Mr. Dittamore received his B.S.
    from San Diego State University.

Present Principal Occupation or Employment;

Name and Business Address

Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years

Bradley G. Lorimier

Director of Invitrogen since November 1998. From
    March 1994 to June 1997, Mr. Lorimier served as Senior Vice
    President, Business Development and Director of Human Genome
    Sciences, Inc., a biotechnology company. He has been a Director
    of Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc., from December 1997 to March
    2002, as well as several private companies. Mr. Lorimier
    received his B.S. in Biology from the University of Illinois.

Donald W. Grimm

Director of Invitrogen since June 1998. He has
    been a venture partner of Hamilton-Apex, LLC, since August 2001.
    Since June 1995 he has served as Chairman and President of
    Strategic Design LLC, a strategic planning and consulting
    company. Mr. Grimm retired from Eli Lilly & Company, a
    research-based pharmaceutical company, in December 1993 after
    23 years of service. Mr. Grimm held positions at Eli
    Lilly as Director of Worldwide Pharmaceutical Pricing, Director
    of Pharmaceutical Market Research, and Director of Sales from
    January 1971 to December 1993. In addition, he has been a
    director of several private companies. Mr. Grimm received
    his B.S. in Pharmacy and his M.B.A. from the University of
    Pittsburgh.

Jay M. Short, Ph.D. 

Director of Invitrogen since February 1995.
    Dr. Short is a founding member of Diversa Corporation, and
    he has served as Chief Technology Officer and Director of the
    company since its inception in 1994. He assumed the additional
    roles of President in 1998 and Chief Executive Officer in 1999.
    Dr. Short received his B.A. in Chemistry from Taylor
    University and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from Case Western
    Reserve University.

Manually signed facsimile copies of the Letter of
Transmittal will be accepted. The Letter of Transmittal,
certificates for the Shares and any other required documents
should be sent by each Stockholder or such Stockholders
broker-dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee
to the Depositary at the addresses set forth below.

The Depositary for the Offer is:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

By Mail:

By Facsimile Transmission:

By Hand or Overnight Courier:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

    59 Maiden Lane

    New York, NY 10038

(Eligible Institutions Only)

    (718) 234-5001

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

    59 Maiden Lane

    New York, NY 10038

To Confirm Receipt of Facsimile and for General
Information:

(212) 936-5100 or (718) 921-8200

To Confirm Receipt of Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery:

(212) 936-5100 or (718) 921-8200

Any questions or requests for assistance or
additional copies of the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of
Transmittal may be directed to the Information Agent at its
telephone number and location listed below. You may also contact
your broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company or other
nominee for assistance concerning the Offer.

The Information Agent for the Offer is:

105 Madison Ave.

New York, New York 10016

Call Toll Free: (800) 322-2885

Call Collect: (212) 929-5500

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

EX-99.(A)(1)(2)

a84930texv99wxayx1yx2y.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(2)

Exhibit 99.(a)(1)(2)

EXHIBIT (a)(1)(2)

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

to Tender Shares of Common Stock

of

InforMax, Inc.

Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase

Dated October 25, 2002

by

Babcock, Inc.

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Invitrogen Corporation

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT
12:00 MIDNIGHT,

NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22,
2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

The Depositary for the Offer is:

By Mail, Hand or Overnight Courier:

By Facsimile Transmission:

Confirm by Telephone to:

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

    59 Maiden Lane

    New York, NY 10038

(For Eligible Institutions Only)

    (718) 234-5001

(212) 936-5100

    (718) 921-8200

DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN
ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE, OR TRANSMISSION OF
INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH
ABOVE, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY.
YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE
SPACE THEREFOR PROVIDED BELOW AND COMPLETE THE SUBSTITUTE
FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW.

DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED

Name(s) and Address(es) of Registered
    Holder(s)

    (Please fill in, if blank, exactly as name(s)

    appear(s) on Share Certificate(s))

Share Certificate(s) Enclosed and Shares
    Tendered

    (Attach additional signed list if necessary)

Share Certificate

    Numbers(1)

Number of Shares

    Represented by

    Share

    Certificate(s)(1)

Number of

    Shares

    Tendered(2)

Total Shares

(1) 

Need not be completed by Book-Entry Stockholders.
    Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares
    represented by Share certificates delivered to the Depositary
    are being tendered hereby. See Instruction 4.

(2) 

Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed
    that all shares represented by the listed certificates are being
    tendered. See Instruction 4. IF ANY OF THE CERTIFICATES
    REPRESENTING SHARES THAT YOU OWN HAVE BEEN LOST OR DESTROYED,
    SEE INSTRUCTION 11.

HOW TO COMPLETE THIS LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL:

1.

READ THE INSTRUCTIONS BEGINNING ON PAGE 8
    CAREFULLY BEFORE COMPLETING THIS LETTER OF
    TRANSMITTAL.

2.

FILL IN THE BOX LABELED DESCRIPTION OF
    SHARES TENDERED ON THE COVER PAGE OF THIS
    BOOKLET.

3.

IF YOU ARE SUBMITTING SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY
    TRANSFER OR BY GUARANTEED DELIVERY, OR IF ANY OF YOUR SHARE
    CERTIFICATES HAVE BEEN LOST, DESTROYED OR STOLEN, COMPLETE THE
    APPROPRIATE BOX(ES) ON PAGE 3.

4.

SIGN, DATE AND COMPLETE THE BOX ON PAGE 6
    LABELED IMPORTANT  STOCKHOLDER SIGN
    HERE.

5.

FILL IN AND SIGN THE SUBSTITUTE
    FORM W-9 ON PAGE 13.

6.

READ INSTRUCTION 1 ON PAGE 8 TO DETERMINE
    IF YOUR SIGNATURE ON PAGE 6 IS REQUIRED TO BE GUARANTEED.
    IF IT IS, HAVE AN ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION (AS DEFINED IN
    INSTRUCTION 1) COMPLETE THE BOX ON PAGE 7 LABELED
    SIGNATURE GUARANTEE  ONLY IF
    REQUIRED.

7.

IF YOU WANT THE PAYMENT FOR YOUR SHARES ISSUED
    IN THE NAME OF ANOTHER PERSON OR SENT TO ANOTHER ADDRESS,
    COMPLETE EITHER THE SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS BOX
    OR THE SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS BOX. BOTH BOXES
    CAN BE FOUND ON PAGE 7.

8.

SEND THIS ENTIRE BOOKLET BY MAIL OR COURIER,
    OR DELIVER IT BY HAND, TO THE DEPOSITARY AT THE ADDRESS LISTED
    ON THE COVER PAGE OF THIS BOOKLET.

To InforMax, Inc. Stockholders:

As a stockholder of InforMax, Inc., you are to
use this Letter of Transmittal if you are accepting the Offer by
(1) sending the Depositary actual certificates for your
Shares or (2) delivering your Shares by book-entry transfer
to an account maintained by the Depositary at the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility (as defined in Section 2, and pursuant to
the procedures set forth in Section 3, of the Offer to
Purchase), unless you utilize an Agents Message (as
defined in Instruction 2 on page 8).

If the certificates for your Shares are not
immediately available or if you cannot deliver to the Depositary
prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of
the Offer to Purchase) either the certificates for your Shares
or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in Section 2 of
the Offer to Purchase) with respect to your Shares (along with
all of the other documents required hereby), you must tender
your Shares pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set
forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. Also see
Instruction 2.

DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER FACILITY WILL NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE
DEPOSITARY.

If you are tendering your Shares by book-entry
transfer or if you will need to use the guaranteed delivery
procedure mentioned above, check the appropriate box on the
following page and fill in the required information. If the
certificates for your Shares have been lost, destroyed or
stolen, check the appropriate box on the next page and contact
the Depositary directly for assistance in obtaining replacement
certificates.

NOTE THAT SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.
PLEASE READ THE INSTRUCTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL CAREFULLY.

BABCOCK, INC.

October 25, 2002

BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER

o

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING
    DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER TO THE DEPOSITARYS
    ACCOUNT AT THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE
    FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY
    MAY DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER):

Name of Tendering
Institution 

Account
Number 

Transaction Code
Number 

GUARANTEED DELIVERY

o

CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING
    DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY
    SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

Name(s) of Registered
Owner(s) 

Window Ticket Number (if
any) 

Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery 

Name of Institution that Guaranteed
Delivery 

If delivered by Book-Entry Transfer, check box
and give the following
information:     
o

Account
Number 

Transaction Code
Number 

LOST CERTIFICATES

o

CHECK HERE IF ANY OF THE CERTIFICATES
    REPRESENTING SHARES THAT YOU OWN HAVE BEEN LOST, DESTROYED OR
    STOLEN. SEE INSTRUCTION 11. YOU MUST CONTACT THE DEPOSITARY
    DIRECTLY TO REPLACE ANY LOST, DESTROYED OR STOLEN CERTIFICATES
    REPRESENTING SHARES YOU INTEND TO TENDER.

Number of Shares represented by lost, destroyed or stolen certificates: 

NOTE:     SIGNATURES
MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

59 Maiden Lane

New York, New York 10038

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned hereby tenders to Babcock, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (Purchaser) and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Invitrogen Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (Invitrogen), the above-described shares
of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the
Shares), of InforMax, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(InforMax), upon the terms of and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Purchasers Offer to Purchase,
dated October 25, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase),
and this Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any
amendments or supplements thereto or hereto, collectively
constitute the Offer). The undersigned understands
that Purchaser reserves the right to assign, in whole or from
time to time in part, to Invitrogen or to any direct or indirect
subsidiary of Invitrogen the right to purchase all or any
portion of the Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, but any
such assignment will not relieve Purchaser of its obligations
under the Offer and will in no way prejudice the rights of
tendering Stockholders to receive payment for Shares validly
tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer. Receipt
of the Offer is hereby acknowledged.

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 15, 2002 (the
Merger Agreement), by and among Invitrogen,
Purchaser and InforMax.

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
the Offer (and if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms of
any such extension or amendment), and subject to, and effective
upon, acceptance for payment of, and payment for, the Shares
tendered herewith in accordance with the terms of the Offer, the
undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the
order of, Purchaser all right, title and interest in and to all
the Shares that are being tendered hereby (and any and all
non-cash dividends, distributions, rights, other Shares or other
securities issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after
October 15, 2002 (collectively, Distributions))
and irrevocably constitutes and appoints American Stock
Transfer & Trust Company (the Depositary)
the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the
undersigned, with full power of substitution (such power of
attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an
interest), to the full extent of the undersigneds rights,
with respect to such Shares (and all Distributions), to
(i) deliver certificates for such Shares (and any and all
Distributions), or transfer ownership of such Shares (and any
and all Distributions), on the account books maintained by the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, together, in any such case, with
all accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity, to or
upon the order of Purchaser, (ii) present such Shares (and
any and all Distributions) for transfer on the books of
InforMax, and (iii) receive all benefits and otherwise
exercise all rights of beneficial ownership of such Shares (and
any and all Distributions), all in accordance with the terms of
the Offer.

By executing this Letter of Transmittal, the
undersigned irrevocably appoints Purchaser, its officers and
designees, and each of them, as an attorney-in-fact and proxy of
the undersigned, each with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, to vote at any annual, special, adjourned or
postponed meeting of the InforMax stockholders or any
adjournment or postponement thereof or otherwise in such manner
as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or its or his substitute
shall in its or his sole discretion deem proper with respect to,
to execute any written consent concerning any matter as each
such attorney-in-fact and proxy or its or his substitute shall
in its or his sole discretion deem proper with respect to, and
to otherwise act as each such attorney-in-fact and proxy or its
or his substitute shall in its or his sole discretion deem
proper with respect to, all of the Shares (and any and all
Distributions), tendered hereby and accepted for payment by
Purchaser. This appointment will be effective if and when, and
only to the extent that, Purchaser accepts such Shares for
payment pursuant to the Offer. This power of attorney and proxy
are irrevocable and are granted in consideration of the
acceptance for payment of such Shares in accordance with the
terms of the Offer. Such acceptance for payment shall, without
further action, revoke any prior powers of attorney and proxies
granted by the undersigned at any time with respect to such
Shares (and any and all Distributions), and no subsequent powers
of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be given by
the undersigned with respect thereto (and, if given, will not be
deemed effective). Purchaser reserves the right to require that,
in order for Shares (or other Distributions), to be deemed
validly tendered, immediately upon Purchasers acceptance
for payment of such Shares, Purchaser must be able to exercise
full voting, consent and other rights with respect to such
Shares (and any and all Distributions), including voting at any
meeting of the InforMax stockholders.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants
that the undersigned has full power and authority to tender,
sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered hereby and all
Distributions, that the undersigned owns the Shares tendered
hereby within the meaning of Rule 14e-4 promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), that the tender of the tendered
Shares complies with Rule 14e-4 under the Exchange Act, and
that when the same are accepted for payment by Purchaser,
Purchaser will acquire good, marketable and unencumbered title
thereto and to all Distributions, free and clear of all liens,
restrictions, charges and encumbrances and the same will not be
subject to any adverse claims. The undersigned will, upon
request, execute and deliver any additional documents deemed by
the Depositary or Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to
complete the sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares
tendered hereby and all Distributions. In addition, the
undersigned shall remit and transfer promptly to the Depositary
for the account of Purchaser all Distributions in respect of the
Shares tendered hereby, accompanied by appropriate documentation
of transfer, and, pending such remittance and transfer or
appropriate assurance thereof, Purchaser shall be entitled to
all rights and privileges as owner of each such Distribution and
may withhold the entire purchase price of the Shares tendered
hereby or deduct from such purchase price, the amount or value
of such Distribution as determined by Purchaser in its sole
discretion.

All authority herein conferred or agreed to be
conferred shall survive the death or incapacity of the
undersigned, and any obligation of the undersigned hereunder
shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators,
personal representatives, trustees in bankruptcy, successors and
assigns of the undersigned. Except as stated in the Offer to
Purchase this tender is irrevocable.

The undersigned understands that the valid tender
of Shares pursuant to any one of the procedures described in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase and in the Instructions
hereto will constitute a binding agreement between the
undersigned and Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer (and if the Offer is extended or
amended, the terms or conditions of any such extension or
amendment). Without limiting the foregoing, if the price to be
paid in the Offer is amended in accordance with the Merger
Agreement, the price to be paid to the undersigned will be the
amended price notwithstanding the fact that a different price is
stated in this Letter of Transmittal. The undersigned recognizes
that under certain circumstances set forth in the Offer to
Purchase, Purchaser may not be required to accept for payment
any of the Shares tendered hereby.

Unless otherwise indicated in the box on
page 7 labeled Special Payment Instructions,
please issue the check for the purchase price of all Shares
purchased and/or return any certificates for Shares not tendered
or accepted for payment in the name(s) of the registered
holder(s) appearing above in the box on the cover page of this
booklet labeled Description of Shares Tendered.
Similarly, unless otherwise indicated in the box on page 7
labeled Special Delivery Instructions, please mail
the check for the purchase price of all Shares purchased and/or
return any certificates for Shares not tendered or not accepted
for payment (and any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to
the address(es) of the registered holder(s) appearing above in
the box on the cover page of this booklet labeled
Description of Shares Tendered. In the event that
the boxes on page 7 labeled Special Payment
Instructions and Special Delivery Instructions
are both completed, please issue the check for the purchase
price of all Shares purchased and/or return any certificates
evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment (and
any accompanying documents, as appropriate) in the name(s) of,
and deliver such check and/or return any such certificates (and
any accompanying documents, as appropriate) to, the person(s) so
indicated. Unless otherwise indicated herein in the box on
page 7 labeled Special Payment Instructions,
please credit any Shares tendered herewith by book-entry
transfer that are not accepted for payment by crediting the
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility. The undersigned
recognizes that Purchaser has no obligation, pursuant to the
Special Payment Instructions, to transfer any Shares
from the name of the registered holder thereof if Purchaser does
not accept for payment any of the Shares so tendered.

IMPORTANT

TENDERING STOCKHOLDER SIGNS HERE

(Also Complete Substitute Form W-9 on
Page 13)

(Signature(s) of Owner(s))

Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as
name(s) appear(s) on stock certificate(s) or on a security
position listing or by person(s) authorized to become registered
holder(s) by certificates and documents transmitted herewith. If
signature is by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian,
attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or other person
acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please set
forth full title. See Instruction 5. (For information
concerning signature guarantees see Instruction 1.)

Dated: 

Name(s) 

(Please Print)

Capacity 

(See Instruction 5)

Address 

(Including Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone No.
(Business) 

Area Code and Telephone No.
(Residence) 

Tax Identification or Social Security
No. 

(Complete
the Substitute Form W-9 on Page 13)

SIGNATURE GUARANTEE  ONLY IF
REQUIRED

(See Instruction 1 on Page 8)

Authorized
Signature 

Name 

(Please Print)

Title 

(Please Print)

Name of
Firm 

Address 

(Include Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone
No. 

Dated 

FOR USE BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
ONLY

PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN THIS
SPACE

SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS

(See Instructions 1, 5, 6, and 7 on pages
8-10)

          Fill
in ONLY if the check is to be issued in a name other than that
set forth above.

Issue and deliver check to:

Name 

(Please Print)

Address 

(Include Zip Code)

(Tax Identification or Social Security
Number)

SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS

(See Instructions 1 and 7 on pages 8 and
10)

Fill
in ONLY if the check is to be issued in the name set forth above
but DELIVERED to an address other than that set forth above.

Deliver check to:

Name 

(Please Print)

Address 

(Include Zip Code)

INSTRUCTIONS

FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THE OFFER

(1) 
Guarantee of Signatures. 
No
signature guarantee is required on this Letter of Transmittal
(a) if this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this
Instruction 1, includes any participant in any of the
Book-Entry Transfer Facilitys systems whose name appears
on a security position listing as the owner of the Shares) of
Shares tendered herewith, unless such registered holder(s) has
completed either the box labeled Special Payment
Instructions or the box labeled Special Delivery
Instructions on page 7 or (b) if such Shares are
tendered for the account of a financial institution (including
most commercial banks, savings and loan associations and
brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Securities
Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange
Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange
Medallion Program (each, an Eligible Institution).
In all other cases, all signatures on this Letter of Transmittal
must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. See
Instruction 5.

(2) 
Delivery of Letter of Transmittal and
Shares; Guaranteed Delivery Procedures. 
This Letter of
Transmittal is to be completed by InforMax stockholders either
if Share certificates are to be forwarded herewith or, unless an
Agents Message (as defined below) is utilized, if delivery
of Shares is to be made by book-entry transfer pursuant to the
procedures set forth herein and in Section 3 of the Offer
to Purchase. For a stockholder to validly tender Shares pursuant
to the Offer, either (a) a properly completed and duly
executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), together
with any required signature guarantees or an Agents
Message (in connection with a book-entry transfer) and any other
required documents, must be received by the Depositary at its
address set forth herein prior to the Expiration Date and either
(i) certificates for tendered Shares must be received by
the Depositary at such address prior to the Expiration Date or
(ii) Shares must be delivered pursuant to the procedures
for book-entry transfer set forth herein and in Section 3
of the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation must be
received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date or
(b) the tendering stockholder must comply with the
guaranteed delivery procedures set forth herein and in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

Stockholders whose certificates for Shares are
not immediately available or who cannot deliver their
certificates and all other required documents to the Depositary
prior to the Expiration Date or who cannot comply with the
book-entry transfer procedures on a timely basis may tender
their Shares by properly completing and duly executing the
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery pursuant to the guaranteed
delivery procedure set forth herein and in Section 3 of the
Offer to Purchase.

Pursuant to such guaranteed delivery procedures,
(i) such tender must be made by or through an Eligible
Institution, (ii) a properly completed and duly executed
Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form
provided by Purchaser, must be received by the Depositary prior
to the Expiration Date and (iii) the certificates for all
tendered Shares, in proper form for transfer (or the Book-Entry
Confirmation with respect to all tendered Shares), together with
a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or
a facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees
(or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents
Message) and any other required documents must be received by
the Depositary within three trading days after the date of
execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. A trading
day is any day on which the Nasdaq National Market is open
for business.

The term Agents Message means a
message, transmitted by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and
received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a Book-Entry
Confirmation, which states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the Shares which are
subject to such Book-Entry Confirmation, that such participant
has received and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter
of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce such agreement
against the participant.

The signatures on this Letter of Transmittal
cover the Shares tendered hereby.

THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATES, THE
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS,
INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY, IS
AT THE ELECTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER, AND
DELIVERY WILL BE DEEMED MADE ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE
DEPOSITARY. IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT THE
STOCKHOLDER USE PROPERLY INSURED REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN
RECEIPT REQUESTED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders
will be accepted, and no fractional Shares will be purchased.
All tendering stockholders, by executing this Letter of
Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), waive any right to receive
any notice of acceptance of their Shares for payment.

(3) 
Inadequate Space. 
If the space
provided in the box on the cover page of this booklet labeled
Description of Shares Tendered is inadequate, the
number of Shares tendered and the Share certificate numbers with
respect to such Shares should be listed on a separate signed
schedule attached hereto.

(4) 
Partial Tenders. 
(Not applicable
to stockholders who tender by book-entry transfer). If fewer
than all the Shares evidenced by any Share certificate delivered
to the Depositary herewith are to be tendered hereby, fill in
the number of Shares that are to be tendered in the box on the
cover page of this booklet labeled Number of Shares
Tendered. In any such case, new certificate(s) for the
remainder of the Shares that were evidenced by the old
certificates will be sent to the registered holder, unless
otherwise provided in the appropriate box on this Letter of
Transmittal, as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date or
the termination of the Offer. All Shares represented by
certificates delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have
been tendered unless otherwise indicated.

(5) 
Signatures on Letter of Transmittal;
Stock Powers and Endorsements.
 If this Letter of Transmittal
is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares tendered
hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as
written on the face of the certificate(s) without alteration,
enlargement or any change whatsoever.

If any of the Shares tendered hereby are held of
record by two or more joint owners, all such owners must sign
this Letter of Transmittal.

If any of the tendered Shares are registered
in different names on several certificates, it will be necessary
to complete, sign and submit as many separate Letters of
Transmittal as there are different registrations of
certificates.

If this Letter of Transmittal or any Share
certificate or stock power is signed by a trustee, executor,
administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a
corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or
representative capacity, such person should so indicate when
signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to Purchaser of the
authority of such person so to act must be submitted.

When this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered holder(s) of the Shares listed and transmitted
hereby, no endorsements of Share certificates or separate stock
powers are required unless payment or certificates for Shares
not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be issued in the
name of a person other than the registered holder(s). Signatures
on any such Share certificates or stock powers must be
guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a
person other than the registered holder(s) of the Shares
evidenced by certificates listed and transmitted hereby, the
Share certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the
name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear(s) on the Share
certificates. Signature(s) on any such Share certificates or
stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

(6) 
Stock Transfer Taxes. 
Except as
otherwise provided in this Instruction 6, Purchaser will pay all
stock transfer taxes with respect to the transfer and sale of
any Shares to it or its order pursuant to the Offer. If,
however, payment of the purchase price of any Shares purchased
is to be made to, or if certificates for Shares not tendered or
not accepted for payment are to be registered in the name of,
any person other than the registered holder(s), or if tendered
certificates are registered in the name of any person other than
the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, the amount of
any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered
holder(s) or such other person) payable on account of the
transfer to such other person will be deducted from the purchase
price of such Shares purchased unless evidence satisfactory to
Purchaser of the payment of such taxes, or exemption therefrom,
is submitted.

Except as provided in this Instruction 6, it will
not be necessary for transfer tax stamps to be affixed to the
Share certificates evidencing the Shares tendered hereby.

(7) 
Special Payment and Delivery
Instructions. 
If a check for the purchase price of any
Shares accepted for payment is to be issued in the name of,
and/or Share certificates for Shares not accepted for payment or
not tendered are to be issued in the name of and/or returned to,
a person other than the signer of this Letter of Transmittal or
if a check is to be sent, and/or such certificates are to be
returned, to a person other than the signer of this Letter of
Transmittal, or to an address other than that shown above, the
appropriate boxes on page 7 of this Letter of Transmittal
should be

completed. Any stockholder(s) delivering Shares
by book-entry transfer may request that Shares not purchased be
credited to such account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility as such stockholder(s) may designate in the box on
page 7 labeled Special Payment Instructions. If
no such instructions are given, any such Shares not purchased
will be returned by crediting the same account at the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility as the account from which such Shares were
delivered.

(8) 
Requests for Assistance or Additional
Copies. 
Questions and requests for assistance or additional
copies of the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal
(including these Instructions), the Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery and the Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 may be
directed to the Information Agent at its address and phone
numbers set forth on the back of this booklet, or from brokers,
dealers, commercial banks or trust companies.

(9) 
Waiver of Conditions. 
Subject to
the Merger Agreement, Purchaser reserves the absolute right in
its sole discretion to waive, at any time or from time to time,
any of the specified conditions of the Offer, in whole or in
part, in the case of all (but not less than all) Shares tendered.

(10) 
Backup Withholding. 
In order to
avoid backup withholding of federal income tax on
payments of cash pursuant to the Offer, a stockholder
surrendering Shares in the Offer must, unless an exemption
applies, provide the Depositary with such stockholders
correct taxpayer identification number (TIN) on
Substitute Form W-9 in this Letter of Transmittal and
certify, under penalties of perjury, that such TIN is correct
and that such stockholder is not subject to backup withholding.

Backup withholding is not an additional income
tax. Rather, the amount of the backup withholding can be
credited against the federal income tax liability of the person
subject to the backup withholding, provided that the required
information is given to the Internal Revenue Service. If backup
withholding results in an overpayment of tax, a refund can be
obtained by the stockholder upon filing an income tax return.

The stockholder is required to give the
Depositary the TIN (i.e., social security number or employer
identification number) of the record owner of the Shares. If the
Shares are held in more than one name or are not in the name of
the actual owner, consult the enclosed Guidelines for
Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
Form W-9 for additional guidance on which number to
report.

The box in Part 3 of the Substitute Form W-9
may be checked if the tendering stockholder has not been issued
a TIN and has applied for a TIN or intends to apply for a TIN in
the near future. If the box in Part 3 is checked, the
stockholder or other payee must also complete the Certificate of
Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number below in order to avoid
backup withholding. Notwithstanding that the box in Part 3
is checked and the Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer
Identification Number is completed, the Depositary will withhold
30% on all payments made prior to the time a properly certified
TIN is provided to the Depositary. However, such amounts will be
refunded to such stockholder if a TIN is provided to the
Depositary within 60 days. See the enclosed
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
Number on Substitute Form W-9 for more instructions.

Certain stockholders (including, among others,
certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to
backup withholding. Foreign stockholders should complete and
sign the main signature form and a Form W-8BEN in order to
avoid backup withholding. The Form W-8BEN and instructions
therefor can be obtained by visiting www.irs.ustreas.gov or from
the Depositary. If such stockholder does not provide a properly
completed Form W-8BEN, the payment of cash to such
stockholder pursuant to the Offer may be subject to backup
withholding of 30%. Stockholders should consult their tax
advisors about qualifying for exemption from backup withholding
and the procedure for obtaining such exemption.

(11) 
Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Share
Certificates. 
If any certificate(s) representing Shares has
been lost, destroyed or stolen, the stockholder should promptly
notify the Depositary by checking the appropriate box on
page 3. The stockholder will then be instructed as to the
steps that must be taken in order to replace the Share
certificate(s). This Letter of Transmittal and related documents
cannot be processed until the procedures for replacing lost,
destroyed or stolen Share certificates have been followed.

IMPORTANT: THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TOGETHER
WITH ANY REQUIRED SIGNATURE GUARANTEES, OR, IN THE CASE OF A
BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, AN AGENTS MESSAGE, AND ANY OTHER
REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY PRIOR TO
THE EXPIRATION DATE AND EITHER CERTIFICATES FOR TENDERED SHARES
MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY OR SHARES MUST BE DELIVERED
PURSUANT TO THE PROCEDURES FOR BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, IN EACH CASE
PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE, OR THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER MUST
COMPLY WITH THE PROCEDURES FOR GUARANTEED DELIVERY.

(The remainder of this page intentionally left
blank)

IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION

Under federal income tax law, a stockholder whose
tendered Shares are accepted for payment is required to provide
the Depositary (as payer) with such stockholders correct
taxpayer identification number on Substitute Form W-9
below. If such stockholder is an individual, the taxpayer
identification number is his or her social security number. If a
tendering stockholder is subject to backup withholding, such
stockholder must cross out item (2) of the Certification
box on the Substitute Form W-9. If the Depositary is not
provided with the correct taxpayer identification number, the
stockholder may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the
Internal Revenue Service. In addition, payments that are made to
such stockholder with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to
the Offer may be subject to backup withholding.

Certain stockholders (including, among others,
certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to
these backup withholding and reporting requirements. In order
for a foreign individual to qualify as an exempt recipient, that
stockholder must submit a statement on Form W-8BEN, signed
under penalties of perjury, attesting to that individuals
exempt status. Such statements can be obtained by visiting
www.irs.ustreas.gov or from the Depositary. Exempt stockholders,
other than foreign individuals, should furnish their TIN, write
Exempt on the face of the Substitute Form W-9
below, and sign, date and return the Substitute Form W-9 to
the Depositary. See the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of
Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for
additional instructions.

If backup withholding applies, the Depositary is
required to withhold 30% of any payments made to the
stockholder. Backup withholding is not an additional tax.
Rather, the tax liability of persons subject to backup
withholding will be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If
withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund may be
obtained from the Internal Revenue Service.

Purpose of Substitute Form W-9

To prevent backup withholding on payments that
are made to a stockholder with respect to Shares purchased
pursuant to the Offer, the stockholder is required to notify the
Depositary of such stockholders correct taxpayer
identification number by completing the form contained herein
certifying that the taxpayer identification number provided on
Substitute Form W-9 is correct (or that such stockholder is
awaiting a taxpayer identification number).

What Number to Give the Depositary

The stockholder is required to give the
Depositary the social security number or employer identification
number of the record owner of the Shares. If the Shares are in
more than one name or are not in the name of the actual owner,
consult the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional
guidance on which number to report. If the tendering stockholder
has not been issued a TIN and has applied for a number or
intends to apply for a number in the near future, such
stockholder should write Applied For in the space
provided for in the TIN in Part 1, and sign and date the
Substitute Form W-9. If Applied For is written
in Part 1 and the Depositary is not provided with a TIN
within 60 days, the Depositary will withhold 30% on all
payments of the purchase price until a TIN is provided to the
Depositary.

PAYERS NAME: AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER
& TRUST COMPANY

Form W-9

    Department of the Treasury

    Internal Revenue Service

Part
    1  
PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR
    SUBSTITUTE TIN IN THE BOX AT RIGHT AND CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND
    DATING BELOW.

 Social Security
    Number
 (If awaiting TIN write Applied
    For)

 OR

 Employer Identification
    Number
 (If awaiting TIN write Applied For)

Payers Request for

    Taxpayer Identification

    Number (TIN)

Part
    2Certificate
Under
    penalties of perjury, I certify that:

    (1) The number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer
    Identification Number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued
    for me),

 (2) I am not subject to backup withholding either
    because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or
    (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue
    Service (the IRS) that I am subject to backup
    withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or
    dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no
    longer subject to backup withholding, and

 (3) I am a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident
    alien).

CERTIFICATION INSTRUCTIONS  You
    must cross out item (2) above if you have been notified by
    the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding
    because of under-reporting interest or dividends on your tax
    returns. However, if after being notified by the IRS that you
    are subject to backup withholding, you receive another
    notification from the IRS that you are no longer subject to
    backup withholding, do not cross out such item (2). (Also see
    instructions in the enclosed Guidelines).

SIGNATURE ------------------------------------- DATE 

o

Part

Awaiting TIN

NOTE: 

FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY
    RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF 30% OF ANY CASH PAYMENTS MADE TO
    YOU PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES
    FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON
    SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF
YOU CHECKED

THE BOX IN PART 3 OF THE SUBSTITUTE FORM
W-9.

CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

I certify under penalties of perjury that a
Taxpayer Identification Number has not been issued to me, and
either (1) I have mailed or delivered an application to
receive a Taxpayer Identification Number to the appropriate
Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security
Administration Office or (2) I intend to mail or deliver an
application in the near future. I understand that if I do not
provide a Taxpayer Identification Number by the time of payment,
30% of all reportable cash payments made to me thereafter may be
withheld, but that such amounts may be refunded to me if I then
provide a Taxpayer Identification Number within 60 days.

Signature: 

          Date: 

Questions and requests for assistance or
additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, this Letter of
Transmittal and other tender offer materials may be directed to
the Information Agent at its address and telephone numbers set
forth below:

The Information Agent for the Offer
is:

105 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10016

Call Toll-Free: (800) 322-2885

Call Collect: (212) 929-5500

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

EX-99.(A)(1)(3)

a84930texv99wxayx1yx3y.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(3)

Exhibit 99.(a)(1)(3)

EXHIBIT (a)(1)(3)

NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

for

Tender of Shares of Common Stock

of

InforMax, Inc.

to

Babcock, Inc.

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Invitrogen Corporation

(Not to Be Used for Signature Guarantees)

This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or a form
substantially equivalent hereto, must be used to accept the
Offer (as defined below) (i) if certificates representing
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the
Shares), of InforMax, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
are not immediately available, (ii) if the procedure for
book-entry transfer cannot be completed prior to the Expiration
Date (as defined in Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase), or
(iii) if time will not permit all required documents to
reach the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date. This Notice
of Guaranteed Delivery or such form may be delivered by hand,
transmitted by facsimile transmission or mailed to the
Depositary. See Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

The Depositary for the Offer is:

American Stock Transfer & Trust
Company

By Mail:

American Stock Transfer &
    Trust Company

    59 Maiden Lane

    New York, NY 10038

By Facsimile Transmission:

(For Eligible Institutions Only)

    (718) 234-5001

Confirm by Telephone to:

(212) 936-5100

    (718) 921-8200

By Hand or Overnight Courier:

American Stock Transfer &
    Trust Company

    59 Maiden Lane

    New York, NY 10038

Delivery of this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery
to an address other than as set forth above or transmission of
instructions via facsimile number other than as set forth above
will not constitute a valid delivery.

This form is not to be used to guarantee
signatures. If a signature on a Letter of Transmittal is
required to be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution
under the instructions thereto, such signature guarantee must
appear in the applicable space provided in the signature box on
the Letter of Transmittal.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned hereby tenders to Babcock, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (Purchaser) and wholly owned
subsidiary of Invitrogen Corporation, a Delaware corporation,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
Purchasers Offer to Purchase dated October 25, 2002
and the related Letter of Transmittal (which together with the
Offer to Purchase and any amendments and supplements thereto
collectively constitute the Offer), receipt of which
is hereby acknowledged, the number of shares set forth below of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the
Shares), of InforMax, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

Number of
Shares: 

Certificate Nos. (if
available): 

Name(s) of Record
Holder(s): 

(Please Print)

Address(es): 

(Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone
No.: 

Check box if Shares will be tendered by
book-entry
transfer:     
o

Signature(s): 

Account
Number: 

Dated: 

GUARANTEE

(Not to Be Used for Signature
Guarantees)

The undersigned, a participant in the Securities
Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange
Medallion Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program,
hereby guarantees to deliver to the Depositary either
certificates representing the Shares tendered hereby, in proper
form for transfer, or confirmation of book-entry transfer of
such Shares into the Depositarys account at The Depository
Trust Company, in each case with delivery of a properly
completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile
thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or an
Agents Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and
any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal,
within three trading days (as defined in the Offer to Purchase)
after the date thereof.

The Eligible Institution that completes this form
must communicate the guarantee to the Depositary and must
deliver the Letter of Transmittal and certificates for Shares to
the Depositary within the time period set forth herein. Failure
to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible
Institution.

Name of
Firm: 

(Authorized Signature)

Address: 

(Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone
No.: 

Name: 

Title 

Dated: 

NOTE:

DO NOT SEND CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES WITH THIS
    NOTICE. CERTIFICATES SHOULD BE SENT ONLY WITH YOUR LETTER OF
    TRANSMITTAL.

EX-99.(A)(1)(4)

a84930texv99wxayx1yx4y.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(4)

Exhibit 99.(a)(1)(4)

EXHIBIT (a)(1)(4)

OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

of

InforMax, Inc.

at

$1.36 Net per Share

by

Babcock, Inc.

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Invitrogen Corporation

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL
EXPIRE

AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME,

ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2002, UNLESS THE
OFFER IS EXTENDED.

October 25, 2002

To Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust
Companies, and Other Nominees:

We have been appointed by Babcock, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (Purchaser) and wholly owned
subsidiary of Invitrogen Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(Invitrogen), to act as Information Agent in
connection with Purchasers offer to purchase all
outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share
(Shares), of InforMax, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(InforMax), at $1.36 per Share, net to the seller in
cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
the Offer to Purchase dated October 25, 2002, and in the
related Letter of Transmittal (which together with the Offer to
Purchase and any amendments and supplements thereto collectively
constitute the Offer) enclosed herewith. Please
furnish copies of the enclosed materials to those of your
clients for whose accounts you hold Shares registered in your
name or in the name of your nominee.

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other
things, there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to
the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) that
number of Shares which constitutes a majority of the Shares
outstanding on a fully diluted basis (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase) on the date Shares are accepted for payment. The Offer
is also subject to other conditions set forth in the Offer to
Purchase.

For your information and for forwarding to your
clients for whom you hold Shares registered in your name or in
the name of your nominee, we are enclosing the following
documents:

1.     Offer to Purchase
    dated October 25, 2002;

2.     Letter of
    Transmittal for your use in accepting the Offer and tendering
    Shares and for the information of your clients;

3.     Notice of
    Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if
    certificates for Shares and all other required documents cannot
    be delivered to the Depositary, or if the procedures for
    book-entry transfer cannot be completed, by the Expiration Date;

4.     A letter which
    may be sent to your clients for whose accounts you hold Shares
    registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, with
    space provided for obtaining such clients instructions
    with regard to the Offer;

5.     Guidelines for
    Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute
    Form W-9;

6.     A return envelope
    addressed to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
    in its capacity as depositary for the Offer (the
    Depositary); and

7.     A letter from the
    Chief Executive Officer, President and the Chairman of the Board
    of Directors of InforMax, accompanied by InforMaxs
    Solicitation/ Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9.

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the
terms and conditions of any such extension or amendment),
Purchaser will accept for payment and pay for Shares which are
validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date and not
theretofore properly withdrawn when, as and if Purchaser gives
oral or written notice to the Depositary of Purchasers
acceptance of such Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer.
Payment for Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer will in all
cases be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of
(i) certificates for such Shares, or timely confirmation of
a book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositarys
account at The Depositary Trust Company, pursuant to the
procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase,
(ii) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
Transmittal (or a properly completed and manually signed
facsimile thereof) or an Agents Message (as defined in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase) in connection with a
book-entry transfer, and (iii) all other documents required
by the Letter of Transmittal.

Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to
any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Information
Agent and the Depositary as described in the Offer to Purchase)
for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer.
Purchaser will, however, upon request, reimburse brokers,
dealers, commercial banks, and trust companies for customary
mailing and handling costs incurred by them in forwarding the
enclosed materials to their customers.

Purchaser will pay or cause to be paid all stock
transfer taxes applicable to its purchase of Shares pursuant to
the Offer, subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal.

WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS
PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL
RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2002 UNLESS THE OFFER IS
EXTENDED.

In order to take advantage of the Offer, a duly
executed and properly completed Letter of Transmittal (or
facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or
an Agents Message in connection with a book-entry transfer
of Shares, and any other required documents, should be sent to
the Depositary, and certificates representing the tendered
Shares should be delivered or such Shares should be tendered by
book-entry transfer, all in accordance with the Instructions set
forth in the Letter of Transmittal and in the Offer to Purchase.

If holders of Shares wish to tender, but it is
impracticable for them to forward their certificates or other
required documents or to complete the procedures for delivery by
book-entry transfer prior to the Expiration Date a tender may be
effected by following the guaranteed delivery procedures
specified in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

Any inquiries you may have with respect to the
Offer should be addressed to, and additional copies of the
enclosed materials may be obtained from, MacKenzie Partners,
Inc., the Information Agent, at the address and telephone number
set forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase.

Very truly yours,

MACKENZIE PARTNERS, INC.

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED
    DOCUMENTS SHALL CONSTITUTE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON THE AGENT OF
    INVITROGEN, PURCHASER, INFORMAX, THE INFORMATION AGENT, THE
    DEPOSITARY OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY OF THEM, OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR
    ANY OTHER PERSON TO USE ANY DOCUMENT OR MAKE ANY STATEMENT ON
    BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER THAN
    THE DOCUMENTS ENCLOSED HEREWITH AND THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED
    THEREIN.

EX-99.(A)(1)(5)

a84930texv99wxayx1yx5y.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(5)

Exhibit 99.(a)(1)(5)

EXHIBIT (a)(1)(5)

OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

of

InforMax, Inc.

at

$1.36 Net per Share

by

Babcock, Inc.

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Invitrogen Corporation

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT
12:00 MIDNIGHT,

NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY,
NOVEMBER 22, 2002,

UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

October 25, 2002

To Our Clients:

Enclosed for your consideration are the Offer to
Purchase dated October 25, 2002 and the related Letter of
Transmittal (which, together with the Offer to Purchase and any
amendments and supplements thereto, collectively constitute the
Offer) in connection with the offer by Babcock,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (Purchaser) and wholly
owned subsidiary of Invitrogen Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (Invitrogen), to purchase for cash all
outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share
(Shares), of InforMax, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(InforMax).

We are the holder of record of Shares held for
your account. A tender of such Shares can be made only by us as
the holder of record and pursuant to your instructions. The
enclosed Letter of Transmittal is furnished to you for your
information only and cannot be used by you to tender Shares held
by us for your account.

We request instructions as to whether you wish us
to tender any or all of the Shares held by us for your account,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Offer.

Your attention is invited to the following:

1.     The offer price
    is $1.36 per Share, net to you in cash without interest.

2.     The Offer is
    being made for all outstanding Shares.

3.     The Board of
    Directors of InforMax has unanimously: (a) approved the
    Merger Agreement (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) and the
    transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the
    Merger (as defined in the Offer to Purchase);
    (b) determined that the Merger is advisable and that the
    terms of the Offer and the Merger are fair to and in the best
    interests of the stockholders of InforMax; and
    (c) recommended that the stockholders of InforMax accept
    the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer.

4.     The Offer and
    withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York
    City time, on Friday, November 22, 2002, unless the Offer
    is extended.

5.     The Offer is
    conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly
    tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as
    defined in the Offer to Purchase) that number of Shares

which constitutes a majority of the Shares
    outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date Shares are
    accepted for payment.

The Offer is also subject to other conditions set
    forth in the Offer to Purchase. See Section 14 of the Offer
    to Purchase.

6.     Any stock
    transfer taxes applicable to the sale of Shares to Purchaser
    pursuant to the Offer will be paid by Purchaser, except as
    otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of
    Transmittal. Tendering stockholders will not be obligated to pay
    brokerage fees or commissions.

Purchaser is not aware of any jurisdiction where
the making of the Offer is prohibited by any administrative or
judicial action pursuant to any valid state statute. In any
jurisdiction in which the securities, blue sky or other laws
require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the
Offer will be made on behalf of Purchaser by one or more
registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such
jurisdiction.

If you wish to have us tender any or all of your
Shares, please so instruct us by completing, executing and
returning to us the instruction form set forth on the reverse
side of this letter. An envelope to return your instructions to
us is enclosed. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all
such Shares will be tendered unless you otherwise specify on the
following page. Your instructions should be forwarded to us in
sufficient time to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf
prior to the expiration of the Offer.

INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE

Offer to Purchase for Cash

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

of

InforMax, Inc.

The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your
letter and the enclosed Offer to Purchase dated October 25,
2002 and the related Letter of Transmittal in connection with
the Offer by Babcock, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly
owned subsidiary of Invitrogen Corporation, a Delaware
corporation, to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock,
par value $0.001 per share (the Shares), of
InforMax, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

This will instruct you to tender the number of
Shares indicated below (or if no number is indicated below, all
Shares) held by you for the account of the undersigned, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer.

Number of Shares to be tendered:*

 Shares

Dated:  

Signature(s)

Print Name(s)

Address(es)

Area Code and Telephone Number

Tax ID or Social Security Number

* 

Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed
    that all Shares held by us for your account are to be tendered.

EX-99.(A)(1)(6)

a84930texv99wxayx1yx6y.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(6)

Exhibit 99.(a)(1)(6)

EXHIBIT (a)(1)(6)

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION

NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

Guidelines for Determining the Proper
Identification Number for the Payee (You) to Give the
Payer
  Social Security
numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens: i.e.,
000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits
separated by only one hyphen: i.e., 00-0000000. The table below
will help determine the number to give the payer. All
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended. IRS is the Internal Revenue
Service.

Give the

SOCIAL SECURITY

For this type of account:

number of 

 1. Individual

The individual

 2. Two or more individuals (joint
    account)

The actual owner of the account or, if combined
    funds, the first individual on the account(1)

 3. Custodian account of a minor
    (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)

The minor(2)

 4. a. The usual revocable savings
    trust account (grantor is also trustee)

The grantor-trustee(1)

b. So-called trust account
    that is not a legal or valid trust under state law

The actual owner(1)

 5. Sole proprietorship

The owner(3)

Give the

EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION

For this type of account

number of 

 6. Sole proprietorship

The owner(3)

 7. A valid trust, estate, or pension
    trust

The legal entity(4)

 8. Corporate

The corporation

 9. Association, club, religious,
    charitable, educational, or other tax-exempt organization

The organization

10. Partnership

The partnership

11. A broker or registered nominee

The broker or nominee

12. Account with the Department of
    Agriculture in the name of a public entity (such as a state or
    local government, school district, or prison) that receives
    agricultural program payments

The public entity

(1) 

List first and circle the name of the person
    whose number you furnish. If only one person on a joint account
    has a social security number, that persons number must be
    furnished.

(2) 

Circle the minors name and furnish the
    minors social security number.

(3) 

You must show your individual name, but you may
    also enter your business or doing business as name.
    You may use either your social security number or your employer
    identification number (if you have one).

(4) 

List first and circle the name of the legal
    trust, estate, or pension trust. (Do not furnish the taxpayer
    identification number of the personal representative or trustee
    unless the legal entity itself is not designated in the account
    title).

Note: If no name is circled when there is more
    than one name listed, the number will be considered to be that
    of the first name listed.

GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION

NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

Page 2

Obtaining a Number

If you do not have a taxpayer identification
number, you should apply for a number by obtaining
Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Card, or
Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number,
by visiting www.irs.ustreas.gov or by calling
1 (800) TAX-FORM.

Payees Exempt from Backup
Withholding

Payees generally exempt from backup withholding
include:



An organization exempt from tax under
    Section 501(a), any IRA, or a custodial account under
    Section 403(b)(7) if the account satisfies the requirements
    of Section 401(f)(2);



The United States or any of its agencies or
    instrumentalities;



A state, the District of Columbia, a possession
    of the United States, or any of their political subdivisions or
    instrumentalities;



A foreign government or any of its political
    subdivisions, agencies, or instrumentalities;



An international organization or any of its
    agencies or instrumentalities;



A corporation;



A foreign central bank of issue;



A dealer in securities or commodities required to
    register in the United States, the District of Columbia, or a
    possession of the United States;



A futures commission merchant registered with the
    Commodity Futures Trading Commission;



A real estate investment trust;



An entity registered at all times during the tax
    year under the Investment Company Act of 1940;



A common trust fund operated by a bank under
    Section 584(a);



A financial institution; or



A person registered under the Investment Advisers
    Act of 1940 who regularly acts as a broker.

Exempt payees should complete a substitute
Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous backup withholding.
FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE
EXEMPT ON THE FORM, SIGN AND DATE THE FORM AND
RETURN IT TO THE PAYER. IF YOU ARE A NONRESIDENT ALIEN OR A
FOREIGN ENTITY NOT SUBJECT TO BACKUP WITHHOLDING, YOU SHOULD
COMPLETE AND FURNISH A FORM W-8BEN, RATHER THAN
FORM W-9.

Privacy Act
Notice.
  Section 6019
requires you to provide your correct taxpayer identification
number to payers who must report the payments to the IRS. The
IRS uses the numbers for identification purposes and to help
verify the accuracy of your return and may also provide this
information to various government agencies for tax enforcement
or litigation purposes. Payers must be given the numbers whether
or not recipients are required to file tax returns. Payers must
generally withhold 30% of the taxable interest, dividend, and
certain other payments to a payee who does not furnish a
taxpayer identification number to a payer. Certain penalties may
also apply.

Penalties

(1) Failure to Furnish Taxpayer
Identification Number.
  If
you fail to furnish your taxpayer identification number to a
payer, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure
unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not willful
neglect.

(2) Civil Penalty for False Information
With Respect to
Withholding.
  If you make a
false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no
backup withholding, you are subject to a $500 penalty.

(3) Criminal Penalty for Falsifying
Information.
  Willfully
falsifying certifications or affirmations may subject you to
criminal penalties including fines and/or imprisonment.

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX
CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE

EX-99.(A)(1)(7)

a84930texv99wxayx1yx7y.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(7)

Exhibit 99.(a)(1)(7)

EXHIBIT (a)(1)(7)

Form 
W-8BEN

(Rev. December 2000)

Department of the Treasury

Internal Revenue Service

Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner
for United States Tax Withholding


 Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code.


 See separate instructions.


 Give this form to the withholding agent or payer. Do not send to the IRS.

OMB No. 1545-1621

Do not use this form for:

Instead, use Form:



A U.S. citizen or other U.S. person, including a resident alien individual

W-9



A person claiming an exemption from U.S. withholding on income effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in
the United States

W-8ECI



A foreign partnership, a foreign simple trust, or a foreign grantor trust (see instructions for exceptions)

W-8ECI or W-8IMY



A foreign government, international organization, foreign central bank of issue, foreign tax-exempt organization, foreign
private foundation, or government of a U.S. possession that received effectively connected income or that is claiming the
applicability of section(s) 115(2), 501(c), 892, 895, or 1443(b) (see instructions)

W-8ECI or W-8EXP

Note: 
These entities should use Form W-8BEN if they are claiming treaty benefits or are providing the form only to claim they
are a foreign person exempt from backup withholding.



A person acting as an intermediary

W-8IMY

Note: 
See instructions for additional exceptions.

Part I   Identification of Beneficial Owner 
(See instructions.)

Name of individual or organization that is the beneficial owner

   Country of incorporation or organization

Type of beneficial owner:

o
 Grantor trust

o
 Central bank of issue

o
 Individual

o
 Complex trust

o
 Tax-exempt organization

o
 Corporation

o
 Estate

o
 Private foundation

o
 Disregarded entity

o
 Government

o
 Partnership

o
 International organization

o
 Simple trust

Permanent residence address (street, apt. or suite no., or rural route).

Do not use a P.O. box or in-care-of address. 

City or town, state or province. Include postal code where appropriate

Country (do not abbreviate)

Mailing address (if different from above)

City or town, state or province. Include postal code where appropriate

Country (do not abbreviate)

U.S. taxpayer identification number, if required (see instructions)

o
 SSN or ITIN     
o
 EIN

Foreign tax identifying number, if any (optional)

Reference number(s) (see instructions)

Part II   Claim of Tax Treaty Benefits 
(if applicable)

I certify that (check all that apply):

a

o

The beneficial owner is a resident of ________________ within the meaning of the income
tax treaty between the United States and that country.

b

o

If required, the U.S. taxpayer identification number is stated on
line 6 (see instructions).

c

o

The beneficial owner is not an individual, derives the item (or items) of
income for which the treaty benefits are claimed, and, if applicable, meets the requirements of the treaty provision dealing
with limitation on benefits (see instructions).

d

o

The beneficial owner is not an individual, is claiming treaty benefits for dividends received from a foreign corporation
or interest from a U.S. trade or business of a foreign corporation,
and meets qualified resident status (see instructions).

e

o

The beneficial owner is related to the person obligated to pay the income within the meaning of section 267(b) or 707(b),
and will file Form 8833 if the amount subject to withholding received during a calendar year exceeds, in the aggregate,
$500,000.

Special rates and conditions 
(if applicablesee instructions): The beneficial owner is claiming the provisions of Article __________ of
the treaty identified on line 9a above to claim a 

% rate of withholding on (specify type of income): ____________________________.

Explain the reasons the beneficial owner meets the terms of the treaty article:

Part III  Notional Principal Contracts

o
 I have provided or will provide a statement that identifies those notional principal contracts from which the income is

not
 effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States. I agree to update this statement
as required.

Part IV  Certification

Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have examined the information on this form and to the best of my knowledge and belief
it is true, correct, and complete. I further certify under penalties of perjury that:



I am the beneficial owner (or am authorized to sign for the beneficial owner) of all the income to which this form relates,



The beneficial owner is not a U.S. person,



The income to which this form relates is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States
or is effectively connected but is not subject to tax under an income
tax treaty, 
and



For broker transactions or barter exchanges, the beneficial owner is an exempt foreign person as defined in the instructions.

Furthermore, I authorize this form to be provided to any withholding agent that has control, receipt, or custody of the income of
which I am the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can disburse or make payments of the income of which I am the
beneficial owner.

Sign Here  



Signature of beneficial owner (or individual authorized to sign for beneficial owner)

Date (MM-DD-YYYY)

Capacity in which acting

For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions.

Cat. No. 25047Z

Form 
W-8BEN
 (Rev. 12-2000)

EX-99.(A)(1)(8)

a84930texv99wxayx1yx8y.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(A)(1)(8)

Exhibit 99.(a)(1)(8)

EXHIBIT (a)(1)(8)

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell Shares (as defined below). The Offer (as defined below)
is made solely by the Offer to Purchase, dated October 25, 2002 (the Offer to Purchase), and the related Letter of Transmittal, and
is being made to all holders of Shares (as defined below). The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from
or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would
not be in compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction or any administrative or judicial action pursuant thereto.

Notice of Offer to Purchase
for Cash

All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

of

InforMax, Inc.

at

$1.36 Net Per Share

by

Babcock, Inc.

a wholly owned subsidiary of

Invitrogen Corporation

     Babcock, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Purchaser) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Invitrogen Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Invitrogen), is offering
to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares), of InforMax, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(InforMax), for $1.36 per Share, net to the seller in cash (the Offer Price), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and in the
related Letter of Transmittal (which together, along with any amendments or supplements thereto, constitute the Offer). Stockholders who tender directly to the
Depositary (as defined below) will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or commissions or, subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal, stock transfer taxes, if
any, on the purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders who hold their Shares through a broker or bank should consult such institution as to
whether it charges any service fees or commissions. Purchaser is offering to acquire all Shares as a first step in acquiring the entire equity interest in InforMax.
Following consummation of the Offer, Invitrogen and InforMax intend to effect the merger described below.

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK

CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of October 15, 2002, by and among InforMax,
Invitrogen and Purchaser, pursuant to which, as soon as practicable after the completion of the Offer and satisfaction of all conditions to the merger, Purchaser will be
merged with and into InforMax and InforMax will continue as the surviving corporation and will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Invitrogen. The merger, as
effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, is referred to herein as the Merger. At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each Share
then outstanding (other than Shares held by Invitrogen, Purchaser or any other wholly owned subsidiary of Invitrogen or by dissenting stockholders who have properly
exercised their appraisal rights) will be canceled and extinguished and converted into the right to receive the Offer Price in cash, payable to the holder thereof, without
interest. If Purchaser acquires at least 90% of the then issued and outstanding Shares, Purchaser intends to effect the Merger without a vote of the stockholders of
InforMax pursuant to Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

     INFORMAXS BOARD OF DIRECTORS (1) HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER, (2) HAS UNANIMOUSLY DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER IS ADVISABLE AND
THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE
BEST INTERESTS OF THE STOCKHOLDERS OF INFORMAX, AND (3)
HAS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDED THAT STOCKHOLDERS OF INFORMAX ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO
THE OFFER.

     The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) that number of
Shares which constitutes more than 50% of the outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis on the date Shares are accepted for payment. As used herein, fully diluted
basis means the number of Shares outstanding, together with the number of Shares which InforMax may be required to issue pursuant to vested options, warrants or
other convertible securities or obligations outstanding at that date under employee stock or similar benefits plans or otherwise. The Offer is also subject to other terms
and conditions described in Section 14 of the Offer to Purchase.

     Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. (Bear Stearns), InforMaxs financial advisor, has delivered to InforMax its written opinion, dated October 14, 2002, to the effect that, as
of that date and based on and subject to the matters stated in such opinion, the consideration to be received by the stockholders of InforMax in the Offer and the Merger
is fair, from a financial point of view, to such stockholders. A copy of the written opinion of Bear Stearns is contained in InforMaxs Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Offer, a copy of which is being furnished to the stockholders
of InforMax concurrently with the Offer to Purchase.

     For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn if, as and
when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Depositary) of Purchasers acceptance for payment of such Shares
pursuant to the Offer. Payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the Offer Price therefor with the Depositary, which will act
as agent for the tendering stockholders for the purposes of receiving payments from Purchaser and transmitting such payments to the tendering stockholders whose
Shares have been accepted for payment. In all cases, payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt
by the Depositary of (a) certificates for (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to) such Shares, (b) a Letter of
Transmittal, properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agents Message (as defined in
the Offer to Purchase)), and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering stockholders may be paid at different times depending
upon when certificates for, or Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to, the Shares are actually received by the Depositary. Under no circumstances will interest be paid
on the Offer Price to be paid by Purchaser for the tendered Shares, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment. Tenders of Shares
made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable, except that Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures set forth below at any time
prior to the Expiration Date and unless such Shares have already been accepted for payment by Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after
December 23, 2002, as described in Section 4 of the Offer to Purchase.

     For a withdrawal to be effective, a written or facsimile transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at its address set forth on the
back cover of the Offer to Purchase. Any such notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares
to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of such Shares, if different from that of the person who tendered such Shares. If certificates evidencing Shares to
be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown on the
particular certificates to be withdrawn must be submitted to the Depositary, and the signature(s) on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution
(as defined in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase), unless such Shares have been tendered for the account of an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered
pursuant to the procedures for book-entry tender as set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) to be credited with the withdrawn Shares. Any Shares properly withdrawn will
thereafter be deemed not to have been validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be re-tendered at any time prior to the Expiration Date by
following one of the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

     The term Expiration Date means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday, November 22, 2002 unless and until Purchaser, in accordance with the terms of
the Merger Agreement, extends the period for which the Offer is open, in which event the term Expiration Date will mean the latest time and date on which the Offer,
as so extended, expires.

     All questions as to the form and validity (including, without limitation, time of receipt) of notices of withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole
discretion, whose determination shall be final and binding. None of Invitrogen, Purchaser, the Depositary, MacKenzie Partners, Inc. (the Information Agent), or any other
person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give such notification.

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including the partiesrights to terminate the Merger Agreement: (a) Purchaser may extend the Offer
for successive extension periods of up to 20 business days if any one or more specified conditions to the Offer are not satisfied, until such condition or conditions have
been satisfied; (b) InforMax may require Purchaser to extend the Offer on one or more occasions for additional periods of up to 20 business days on each such extension
occasion if the only condition that is not satisfied or waived is the Minimum Condition (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) or certain other conditions contained in
Annex A of the Merger Agreement; (c) Invitrogen and Purchaser may also extend the Offer for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff that is applicable to the Offer; and (d) provided that Invitrogen and Purchaser irrevocably waive certain conditions
to the Offer and agree not to assert such conditions as a basis for not completing the Offer, Invitrogen and Purchaser may extend the Offer for up to 20 business days if
the Minimum Condition has been satisfied but an insufficient number of Shares have been tendered to allow the Merger to be effected without a vote of the stockholders
in accordance with Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Additionally, Purchaser may, without the consent of InforMax, elect to provide a subsequent
offering period of up to 20 business days in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). Oral or written notice
of any extension of the Expiration Date or the provision of a subsequent offering period would be given to the Depositary and a public announcement would be made by
no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled expiration date. During an extension, all Shares previously tendered
and not withdrawn would remain subject to the Offer, subject to the right of a tendering stockholder to withdraw such stockholders Shares. During a subsequent
offering period, stockholders would not be able to withdraw Shares previously tendered in the Offer and stockholders would not be able to withdraw Shares tendered during
the subsequent offering period.

     The receipt by a stockholder of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes,
and may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign tax laws. All stockholders are urged to consult with their own tax advisors as to the
particular tax consequences to them of the Offer and the Merger.

     The information required to be disclosed by paragraph (d)(1) of Rule 14d-6 under the Exchange Act is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein
by reference.

     InforMax has provided Purchaser with mailing labels containing the names and addresses of all record holders of Shares and with security position listings of
Shares held in stock depositories, together with all other available listings and computer files containing names, addresses and security position listings of record
holders and beneficial owners of Shares. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and other relevant documents will be mailed to record holders of Shares,
will be furnished (for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares) to the brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and others whose names, or the
names of whose nominees, appear on these lists and may be mailed directly to beneficial owners.

The Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made
with respect to the Offer.

     Questions and requests for assistance or additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, Letter of Transmittal and any other tender offer documents may be directed to
the Information Agent at its telephone number and location listed below, and copies will be furnished at Purchasers expense. Purchaser will not pay fees to any broker
or dealer or other person (other than the Information Agent and the Depositary) for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer.

The Information Agent for the
Offer is:

105 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10016

Call Collect (212) 929-5500

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

or

CALL TOLL-FREE (800) 322-2885

October 25, 2002

EX-99.(D)(1)

a84930texv99wxdyx1y.htm

EXHIBIT 99.(D)(1)

Exhibit (d)(1)

EXHIBIT (d)(1)

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

among

INFORMAX, INC.,

INVITROGEN CORPORATION

and

BABCOCK, INC.

Dated as of October 15, 2002



Page

ARTICLE I THE OFFER AND THE MERGER

1.1.     The Offer

1.2.     Company Action

1.3.     Directors

1.4.     Top-Up Option

1.5      The Merger

1.6.     Closing

1.7.     Effective Time

1.8.     Subsequent Actions

ARTICLE II THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

2.1.     The Certificate of Incorporation

2.2.     The Bylaws

2.3.     Directors

2.4.     Officers

ARTICLE III CONVERSION OF SHARES IN MERGER

3.1.     Effect on Stock

3.2.     Payment for Shares

3.3.     Company Options and Warrants

3.4.     Stock Transfer Books; No Further Ownership Rights in Company.

3.5.     Adjustments to Prevent Dilution

3.6.     Withholding

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

4.1.     Organization, Good Standing and Qualification

4.2.     Capitalization

4.3.     Company Subsidiaries; Investments

4.4.     Corporate Authority and Approvals

4.5.     Governmental Filings; No Violations or Conflicts

4.6.     Company SEC Reports; Financial Statement

4.7.     Absence of Certain Changes

4.8.     Litigation

4.9.     Employee Benefits

4.10.   Compliance with Laws; Permits

4.11.   Takeover Statutes; Poison Pill

4.12.   Environmental Matters

4.13.   Taxes

4.14.   Labor Matters

4.15.   Intellectual Property

- i -

4.16.   Title to Property

4.17.   Company Material Contracts

4.18.   Brokers and Finders

4.19.   Insurance Matters

4.20.   Information

4.21.   Vote Required

4.22.   Opinion of Financial Advisor

4.23.   Government Contracts

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND PURCHASER

5.1.     Purchaser

5.2.     Organization, Good Standing and Qualification

5.3.     Corporate Authority and Approvals

5.4.     Governmental Filings; No Violations

5.5.     Available Funds

5.6.     Brokers and Finders

5.7.     Information

ARTICLE VI COVENANTS

6.1.     Interim Operations of the Company

6.2.     Interim Operations of Parent

6.3.     Interim Operations of Purchaser

6.4.     Acquisition Proposals

6.5.     Stockholder Meetings

6.6.     Filings; Other Actions; Notification

6.7.     Access to Information

6.8.     Publicity

6.9.     Benefits

6.10.   Expenses

6.11.   Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance

6.12.   HSR Act; Antitrust Matters

6.13.   Takeover Statute

ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER

7.1.     Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to Effect the Merger

ARTICLE VIII TERMINATION

8.1.     Termination Rights

8.2.     Effect of Termination

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL

9.1.     Survival

9.2.     Modification or Amendment

9.3.     Waiver of Conditions

9.4.     Counterparts

9.5.     Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial

9.6.     Notices

- ii -

9.7.     Entire Agreement; No Other Representations

9.8.     No Third Party Beneficiaries

9.9.     Severability

9.10.   Interpretation

9.11.   Assignment

9.12.   Definitions

Annexes

                    Annex A               Tender Offer Conditions

- iii -

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 
(the Agreement), dated as of October
15, 2002 is entered into by and among INFORMAX, INC., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), INVITROGEN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (Parent), and
BABCOCK, INC., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent
(Purchaser).

RECITALS

WHEREAS
, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent and the Company have
determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of their respective
stockholders for Parent to acquire the Company and have approved the
acquisition of the Company on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in this Agreement;

WHEREAS
, pursuant to this Agreement, Purchaser has agreed to commence a
tender offer (the Offer) to purchase all of the outstanding shares of the
Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Company Common Stock)
and the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock rights (the Rights)
attached thereto (each share of Company Common Stock together with the Rights
attached to it are referred to as a Share and collectively, the Shares), at
a price per Share of $1.36 to the holders thereof in cash (such price per
share, or such higher price as may be paid in the Offer, is referred to herein
as the Offer Price);

WHEREAS
, the Board of Directors of the Company (i) determined that the
consideration to be paid for each Share in the Offer is fair to the holders
thereof and has approved the Offer, (ii) has authorized, adopted and approved
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) resolved to
recommend that the Companys stockholders accept the Offer, tender their Shares
to Purchaser and approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby;

WHEREAS
, the respective Boards of Directors of Purchaser and the Company
have determined that the merger of Purchaser with and into the Company
following the consummation of the Offer, as set forth in, and upon the terms
and subject to the conditions contained in this Agreement (the Merger),
whereby each of the issued and outstanding Shares not owned by Parent,
Purchaser or the Company, or any of their Subsidiaries, will be converted into
the right to receive payment of the Offer Price in cash, is advisable and in
the best interests of their respective stockholders, and have authorized,
approved and adopted this Agreement and have approved the Merger; and

WHEREAS
, the Company, Parent and Purchaser desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with this
Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE
, in consideration of the foregoing, and of the parties
respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained
herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto intending to be legally
bound do hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE OFFER AND THE MERGER

1.1.   The Offer.

     (a)     Subject to the parties respective termination rights contained in
Section 8.1 hereof and provided that none of the events set forth in
subsections (iii)(a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of Annex A to this Agreement shall
have occurred and be continuing, as promptly as practicable but in no event
later than the tenth (10th) business day following the date of this Agreement,
Purchaser shall, and Parent shall cause Purchaser to, commence (within the
meaning of Rule 14d-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act)) the Offer at the Offer Price.

     (b)    The obligations of Purchaser to consummate the Offer and to accept for
payment and pay for any of the Shares validly tendered and not properly
withdrawn shall be subject only to the satisfaction or waiver of the Tender
Offer Conditions set forth on Annex A to this Agreement, including the Minimum
Condition (as defined in Annex A).

     (c)    The amount of the Offer Price shall be paid net to the holders of
Shares in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer and
subject to reduction for any applicable federal back-up or other applicable
withholding or stock transfer taxes. Subject to Section 1.1(d), the Offer shall
remain open until 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on the twentieth (20th)
business day following the commencement (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under
the Exchange Act) of the Offer. As used in this Agreement, the Expiration
Date means 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on the twentieth (20th)
business day following the commencement of this Offer, unless Purchaser extends
the Offer as permitted or required by this Agreement, in which case the
Expiration Date means the latest time and date to which the Offer is
extended.

     (d)    Each of Parent and Purchaser expressly reserves the right to waive any
such condition and to make any other changes to the terms of the Offer,

-2-

provided, that, without the prior written consent of Company, neither
Parent nor Purchaser shall amend or waive the Minimum Condition (as defined in
Annex A hereto), waive the condition related to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1975, as amended (HSR Act) contained under subsection (f)
of Annex A, change the form of consideration to be paid in the Offer, decrease
the Offer Price or the number of Shares sought in the Offer, impose additional
conditions to the Offer (other than those set forth on Annex A), or amend or
modify any other condition of the Offer in any manner adverse to the holders of
the Shares, or extend the Offer (except in accordance with this Section
1.1(d)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent and Purchaser may, without the
prior written consent of Company, (i) extend the Offer on one or more occasions
for up to twenty (20) business days on each such extension occasion beyond the
then-scheduled Expiration Date, if at the then-scheduled Expiration Date any of
the Tender Offer Conditions shall not be satisfied or waived, until such time
as such Tender Offer Conditions are satisfied or waived, and, at the request of
Company, Purchaser shall, subject to Parents right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 8.1 hereof, extend the Offer on one or more occasions for
additional periods of up to twenty (20) business days on each such extension
occasion, if the only Tender Offer Conditions set forth in Annex A hereto that
are not satisfied or waived on the then-scheduled Expiration Date are the
Minimum Condition or the conditions contained in clauses (iii)(a), (b) and (f)
of Annex A, (ii) extend the Offer for any period required by any rule,
regulation, interpretation or position of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer, and (iii)
provided that Parent and Purchaser irrevocably waive the Tender Offer
Conditions set forth in paragraphs (c) and (d) of Annex A and agree not to
assert such conditions as a basis for not consummating the Offer, extend the
Offer for an aggregate period of not more than twenty (20) business days beyond
the latest Expiration Date that would otherwise be permitted under clause (i)
or (ii) of this sentence if the Minimum Condition shall have been satisfied but
there shall not have been tendered sufficient Shares so that the Merger could
be effected without a vote of Companys stockholders in accordance with Section
253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL). Subject to the terms
of the Offer, including the Tender Offer Conditions, Parent shall provide
funds, or cause funds to be provided, to Purchaser and Purchaser will purchase
by accepting for payment and will pay for all Shares validly tendered, and not
properly withdrawn, as promptly as practicable after the Expiration Date;
provided, that, as set forth above, Purchaser shall have the right, in its sole
discretion, to extend the Offer for up to twenty (20) business days
notwithstanding the prior satisfaction or waiver of the Tender Offer
Conditions, in order to attempt to permit the tender of sufficient Shares to
effect the Merger without a vote of the Companys stockholders pursuant to
Section 253 of the DGCL. Purchaser may, without the consent of the Company,
provide for a subsequent offering period of up to twenty (20) business days in
accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act.

-3-

     (e)    The Offer, containing the terms set forth in this Agreement and the
Tender Offer Conditions, shall be made by means of an offer to purchase (the
Offer to Purchase). Concurrently with the commencement of the Offer, Parent
and Purchaser shall file with the SEC a tender offer statement on Schedule TO
under the Exchange Act, which shall be provided to the Company prior to filing
and which shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company, reflecting the Offer
(together with all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto, the Schedule
TO). The Schedule TO will contain, include as an exhibit or incorporate by
reference the Offer to Purchase, a summary term sheet, the related letter of
transmittal and a summary advertisement (which Schedule TO, Offer to Purchase,
summary term sheet, letter of transmittal, summary advertisement and such other
documents, together with any supplements or amendments thereto, are referred to
herein collectively as the Offer Documents). The Company will supply to
Parent and Purchaser any information with respect to itself and its officers,
directors and affiliates required to be provided in the Offer Documents. The
Company and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and
comment on the Offer Documents prior to their filing with the SEC or
dissemination to the stockholders of the Company. Parent and Purchaser shall
promptly provide the Company and its counsel with any comments, written or
oral, which Parent, Purchaser or their counsel may receive from the SEC or its
staff with respect to the Offer Documents promptly after receipt thereof and
shall provide the Company and its counsel an opportunity to participate in the
response of Parent and Purchaser to such comments. Parent and Purchaser
represent and warrant that the Offer Documents will, on the date filed with the
SEC and on the date first published, sent or given to the Companys
stockholders, comply in all material respects with all provisions of applicable
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
and shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading, except that no representation is made by Parent or
Purchaser with respect to any information supplied by the Company in writing
for inclusion in the Offer Documents. Parent, Purchaser and the Company agree
promptly to correct any information provided by any of them for use in the
Offer Documents that shall be or has become false or misleading in any material
aspect, and Parent and Purchaser further agree to take all steps necessary to
cause the Schedule TO, as so corrected, to be filed with the SEC and the other
Offer Documents, as so corrected, to be disseminated to the holders of Shares,
in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities
laws.

1.2.   Company Action.

     (a)     The Company hereby approves and consents to the Offer and the Merger
and represents and warrants that (i) the Board of Directors of the Company, at
a meeting duly called and held prior to the date of this Agreement, has

-4-

unanimously (A) determined that this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Merger, and the consideration
to be received by the holders of Shares thereby, are fair to and in the best
interests of such holders, (B) authorized, approved and adopted this Agreement
and approved the Offer, the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and (C) resolved to recommend that the stockholders of the Company
accept the Offer, tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer, approve and adopt
this Agreement and approve the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby
(provided, however, that subject to the provisions of Section 6.4, such
recommendation may be withdrawn, modified or amended whether or not in
connection with a termination of this Agreement under Section 8.1 hereof), and
(ii) Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., the Companys financial advisor, has rendered to
the Board of Directors of the Company its written opinion to the effect that
the consideration to be received by the holders of Shares, pursuant to each of
the Offer and the Merger is fair to such holders of Shares from a financial
point of view, subject to the assumptions and qualifications contained in such
opinion. The Company hereby consents to the inclusion in the Offer Documents of
the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company described in this
Section 1.2(a).

     (b)    The Company shall file with the SEC, concurrently with the filing by
Parent and Purchaser of the Schedule TO, a Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9 under the Exchange Act, relating to the Offer
(together with all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto, the Schedule
14D-9), and cause such Schedule 14D-9 to be mailed to the stockholders of the
Company, which shall contain the recommendation of the Board of Directors of
the Company described in Section 1.2(a), the opinion of Bear, Stearns & Co.
Inc. and the information required pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act
and Rule 14f-1 thereunder, and shall disseminate the Schedule 14D-9 as required
by Rule 14D-9 under the Exchange Act, provided that, such recommendation by the
Board of Directors of the Company need not be made, or, if previously made, may
be withdrawn, modified or amended to the extent that the Board of Directors of
the Company shall have determined, in good faith after consultation with its
outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be
inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the Companys directors under
applicable law. Parent and Purchaser each will supply to the Company any
information with respect to itself and its officers, directors and affiliates
required to be provided in the Schedule 14D-9. Parent and its counsel shall be
given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9
prior to its filing with the SEC or dissemination to the stockholders of the
Company. The Company agrees to provide Purchaser and its counsel with any
comments, oral or written, the Company or its counsel may receive from the SEC
or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9 promptly after receipt thereof
and shall provide Parent and its counsel an opportunity to participate in the
response of the Company to such comments, including by participating with the
Company and its counsel in any discussions with the SEC or its staff. The
Company represents and warrants that the Schedule 14D-9 will, on the date filed
with the

-5-

SEC and on the date first published, sent or given to the Companys
stockholders, comply in all material respects with all provisions of applicable
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
and shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading, except that no representation is made by the Company with
respect to information supplied by Parent or Purchaser in writing for inclusion
in the Schedule 14D-9. The Company, Parent and Purchaser agree promptly to
correct any information provided by any of them for use in the Schedule 14D-9
that shall be or has become false or misleading in any material aspect, and the
Company further agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9,
as so corrected, to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to the holders of
Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal
securities laws.

          (c) The Company shall promptly furnish Purchaser with mailing labels and
any available listing or computer files containing the names and addresses of
all record holders of Shares and security position listings of Shares held in
stock depositories, each of the most recent practicable date, and shall
promptly furnish Purchaser with such additional information, including updated
lists of stockholders, mailing labels and security position listings, and such
other customary assistance as Parent, Purchaser or their directors, officers, employees,
counsel, accountants, financial advisors (including investment bankers), agents
and other authorized representatives (each a Representative and collectively,
Representatives) may reasonably request in connection with communicating the
Offer, the Offer Documents and any amendments or supplements thereto to the
Companys stockholders. Subject to the requirements of applicable laws and
except for such actions as are necessary to disseminate the Offer Documents and
any other documents necessary to consummate the Merger, Parent and Purchaser,
and their Representatives shall hold in confidence the information contained in
any of such labels and listings and, if this Agreement shall be terminated,
will promptly deliver to the Company all copies, extracts, or summaries of such
information then in their possession or control or in the possession of their
Representatives.

1.3. Directors.

          (a) Promptly upon the purchase by Purchaser of Shares pursuant to the
Offer, and from time to time thereafter as Shares are acquired by Purchaser,
Parent or their affiliates, Purchaser shall be entitled to designate such
number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, of the Board of
Directors of the Company as will give Purchaser, subject to compliance with
Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act, representation on the Board of Directors of
the Company equal to that number of directors which equals the product of the
total number of directors on the Board of Directors of the Company (giving
effect to the directors elected or

-6-

appointed pursuant to this sentence and including current directors
serving as officers of the Company) multiplied by the percentage that the
aggregate number of Shares beneficially owned by Parent, Purchaser or any of
their affiliates (including for purposes of this Section 1.3 such Shares as are
accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer, but excluding Shares held by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries) bears to the total number of shares of
Company Common Stock then issued and outstanding. If, and at such times as,
requested by Purchaser, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to
cause each committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board of
Directors of each Subsidiary of the Company to include persons designated by
Purchaser constituting the same percentage of each such committee and the Board
of Directors of each Subsidiary of the Company as Purchasers designees are of
the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company shall, upon request by
Purchaser, solicit the resignations of up to two (2) directors on the Companys
Board of Directors and promptly increase the size of the Board of Directors of
the Company as is necessary to enable Purchasers designees to be elected to
the Board of Directors of the Company in accordance with the terms of this
Section 1.3 and shall cause Purchasers designees to be so elected; provided,
however, that, if Purchasers designees are appointed or elected to the Board
of Directors of the Company, until the Effective Time (as defined in Section
1.7) the Board of Directors of the Company shall have at least two (2)
directors who are directors on the date hereof and who are neither officers of
the Company nor designees, stockholders, affiliates or associates (within the
meaning of the federal securities laws) of Parent (one or more of such
directors, the Independent Directors); provided further, that if less than
two (2) Independent Directors remain, the remaining Independent Director (if
any) or if no Independent Directors remain, the other directors, shall
designate persons to fill the vacancies who shall not be either officers of the
Company or designees, shareholders, affiliates or associates of Parent, and
such persons shall be deemed to be Independent Directors for purposes of this
Agreement. Subject to applicable law, the Company shall promptly take all
action necessary pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1
promulgated thereunder in order to fulfill its obligations under this Section
1.3 and shall include in the Schedule 14D-9 mailed to stockholders promptly
after the commencement of the Offer (or an amendment thereof or an information
statement pursuant to Rule 14f-1 if Purchaser has not theretofore designated
directors) such information with respect to the Company and its officers and
directors as is required under Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1 in order to fulfill
its obligations under this Section 1.3. Parent and Purchaser will supply the
Company and be solely responsible for any information with respect to itself
and its nominees, officers, directors and affiliates required by Section 14(f)
and Rule 14f-1.

          (b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, during the
period after the election of directors designated by Purchaser pursuant to this
Section 1.3 but prior to the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the
Company shall delegate to a committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
comprised solely of the Independent Directors (the Independent Committee) the

-7-

 sole responsibility for (i) the amendment or termination of this Agreement
(in either case in accordance with this Agreement) on behalf of the Company,
(ii) the exercise or waiver of any of the Companys rights, benefits or
remedies hereunder, (iii) the extension of the time for performance of Parents
or Purchasers obligations hereunder, or (iv) the taking of any other action of
the Companys Board of Directors under or in connection with this Agreement in
any manner that adversely affects the holders of the Company Common Stock, as
determined by a majority of the Independent Committee. The Independent
Committee shall have the authority to retain such counsel and other advisors at
the reasonable expense of the Company as determined appropriate by the
Independent Committee. The provisions of this Section 1.3 are in addition to
and shall not limit any rights to which Purchaser, Parent or any of their
affiliates may have as a holder or beneficial owner of Company Common Stock as
a matter of law with respect to the election of directors of the Company or
otherwise.

1.4. Top-Up Option.

          (a) The Company hereby grants to Purchaser an irrevocable option (the
Top-Up Option), such Top-Up Option to be exercisable only on or after the
Expiration Date and upon the occurrence of a Top-Up Exercise Event (as defined
below), to purchase that number of Shares (the Top-Up Option Shares) equal to
the lowest number of Shares that, when added to the number of Shares owned by
Parent, Purchaser or their affiliates at the time of such exercise, shall
constitute one share more than ninety percent (90%) of the Shares then
outstanding (assuming the issuance of the Top-Up Option Shares and the exercise
of all outstanding exercisable options and warrants to purchase Shares) at a
price per share equal to the Offer Price; provided, however, that the Top-Up
Option shall not be exercisable if the number of Shares subject thereto exceeds
the number of authorized Shares available for issuance under the Companys
certificate of incorporation, as amended.

          (b) Purchaser may exercise the Top-Up Option, in whole but not in part, at
any one time after the occurrence for a Top-Up Exercise Event (as defined
below) and prior to (i) the Effective Time, (ii) the termination of this
Agreement pursuant to its terms, or (iii) the date which is five (5) business
days after the occurrence of a Top-Up Exercise Event, by giving written notice
to the Company and tendering to the Company a check or wire transfer for the
full amount of the exercise price.

          (c) For purposes of this Agreement, a Top-Up Exercise Event shall occur
only upon Purchasers purchase of and payment pursuant to the Offer (or any
subsequent offering period pursuant to Section 1.1(d)) for Shares constituting
at least 85% of the Shares then outstanding.

-8-

1.5. The Merger.

          Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,
at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.7) Purchaser shall be merged
with and into the Company and the separate corporate existence of Purchaser
shall thereupon cease. The Company shall be the surviving corporation in the
Merger (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the Surviving Corporation), and
the separate corporate existence of the Company with all its rights,
privileges, immunities, powers and franchises shall continue unaffected by the
Merger except as otherwise provided herein. The Merger shall have the effects
specified in Article II hereof and the DGCL.

1.6. Closing.

          The closing of the Merger (the Closing) shall take place (i) at the
offices of Gray Cary Ware & Freidenrich LLP, 4365 Executive Drive, Suite 1100,
San Diego, California 92121 at 9:00 A.M. on the first business day after the
day on which the last to be fulfilled or waived of the conditions set forth in
Article VII hereof (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be
satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those
conditions) shall be satisfied or waived in accordance with this Agreement, or
(ii) at such other place and time and/or on such other date as the Company and
Parent may agree in writing (the date such Closing actually occurs, the
Closing Date).

1.7. Effective Time.

          On the Closing Date, the Company, Purchaser and Parent will cause a
Certificate of Merger, or a Certificate of Ownership and Merger, as applicable,
in customary form (in either such case, the Certificate of Merger) to be
executed, acknowledged and filed with and accepted for record by the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to the DGCL. The Merger shall
become effective at the time the Certificate of Merger is filed with the Office
of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such later time agreed
to by the parties and established under the Certificate of Merger (the
Effective Time).

1.8. Subsequent Actions.

          If at any time after the Effective Time the Surviving Corporation will
consider or be advised that any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, assurance or
any other actions or things are necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or
confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation its right, title or
interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties or assets of either of
the Company or Purchaser acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving
Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger or otherwise to
carry out this Agreement, the officers

-9-

and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to execute and
deliver, in the name and on behalf of either the Company or Purchaser, all such
deeds, bills of sale, instruments of conveyance, assignments and assurances and
to take and do, in the name and on behalf of each of such corporations or
otherwise, all such other actions and things as may be necessary or desirable
to vest, perfect or confirm any and all right, title and interest in, to and
under such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Corporation or
otherwise to carry out this Agreement.

ARTICLE II

THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

2.1. The Certificate of Incorporation.

          At the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of the Company, as
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time and as amended and restated
in its entirety by the Certificate of Merger to conform to the certificate of
incorporation of Purchaser (other than the name of the Company, which shall
remain unchanged), shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation, until thereafter amended as provided therein or under the DGCL.

2.2. The Bylaws.

          The bylaws of Purchaser in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be adopted at the Effective Time as the bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation, until thereafter amended as provided therein, in the certificate
of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation or under the DGCL.

2.3. Directors.

          The directors of Purchaser at the Effective Time shall, from and after the
Effective Time, be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until their
successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their
earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of Surviving Corporation or under the DGCL.

2.4. Officers.

          The officers of Purchaser at the Effective Time shall, from and after the
Effective Time, be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until their
successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified in accordance with
the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation or until their earlier death,
resignation or termination.

-10-

ARTICLE III

CONVERSION OF SHARES IN MERGER

3.1. Effect on Stock.

          At the Effective Time, as a result of the Merger and without any action on
the part of the holder of any Shares of the Company:

          (a) 
Merger Consideration
. Each Share issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than any Shares of Company Common Stock to
be canceled pursuant to Section 3.1(b) or Dissenting Shares, as defined in
Section 3.1(d) below) shall be converted into, and become exchangeable for the
right to receive payment of an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the
Offer Price. The amount in cash payable to the holders of Shares in the Merger
is sometimes referred to herein as the Merger Consideration. Except as
provided in Section 3.1(d) below, at the Effective Time, all Shares shall no
longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall
cease to exist, and each stock certificate formerly representing any of such
Shares (a Certificate) shall thereafter represent only the right to receive
the Merger Consideration.

          (b) 
Cancellation of Parent-Owned Shares and Treasury Stock
. Each Share
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and owned by
Parent, Purchaser or the Company or any Subsidiaries (in each case other than
Shares that are owned on behalf of third parties), shall, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to be
outstanding and shall be canceled and retired without any conversion thereof
and without payment of any consideration in exchange therefore. All shares of
capital stock of the Company held in the treasury of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished without any
conversion thereof and without payment of any consideration in exchange
therefor.

          (c) 
Purchaser Common Stock
. Each share of common stock of Purchaser,
$0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock, $0.001 par value, of the Surviving
Corporation.

          (d) 
Dissenting Shares
. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, Shares of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time held by holders (if any) who have not voted in favor of the
Merger or consented thereto in writing and who have demanded appraisal rights
with respect thereto in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL and, as of the
Effective Time, have not failed to perfect or have not effectively

-11-

 withdrawn or lost their rights to appraisal and payment under Section 262
of the DGCL (Dissenting Shares) shall not be converted into the right to
receive the Merger Consideration as described in Section 3.1(a), but holders of
such Dissenting Shares shall be entitled to receive payment of the appraised
value of such Dissenting Shares in accordance with the provisions of such
Section 262 of the DGCL, except that any Dissenting Shares held by a holder who
shall have failed to perfect or shall have effectively withdrawn or lost its
right to appraisal and payment under Section 262 of the DGCL shall thereupon be
deemed to have been converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration and shall no longer be considered Dissenting Shares. Company
shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any written demands for appraisal of any
shares, withdrawals of such demands, and any other instruments served pursuant
to the DGCL received by Company relating to stockholders rights of appraisal,
and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with
respect to demands for appraisal under the DGCL. The Company shall not, except
with the prior written consent of Parent or as required by a court of competent
jurisdiction, make any payment with respect to any demands for appraisal of
Dissenting Shares or offer to settle or settle any such demands.

3.2. Payment for Shares.

          (a) 
Paying Agent
. Five (5) business days prior to the Effective Time,
Parent shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with a paying agent, who
shall be the Parents transfer agent or another entity selected by Parent prior
to the Effective Time with the Companys approval, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld (the Paying Agent), for the benefit of the holders of
Shares, cash in an aggregate amount equal to the Merger Consideration
multiplied by the number of Shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (excluding any Shares described in Section 3.1(b)) (such
aggregate cash amount being hereinafter referred to as the Exchange Fund).
Purchaser shall instruct the Paying Agent to deliver the Merger Consideration
contemplated to be paid pursuant to Section 3.1(a) upon the due surrender by
any holder of the Certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof) pursuant
to the provisions of this Article III.

          (b) 
Exchange Procedures
. Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall
cause the Paying Agent to mail to each holder of record of Shares (i) a letter
of transmittal specifying that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates
(or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof) to the Paying Agent, such letter of
transmittal to be in such form and have such other provisions as Parent and the
Company may reasonably agree prior to the Effective Time, and (ii) instructions
for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the
Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the
Paying Agent together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, and any
other required documents, the holder of such

-12-

Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a check for the
amount of the Merger Consideration that such holder is entitled to receive
pursuant to this Article III, and the Certificate so surrendered shall
forthwith be canceled. No interest will be paid or accrued on any amount
payable upon due surrender of the Certificates. In the event of a transfer of
ownership of Shares that is not registered in the transfer records of the
Company, a check for the amount of the Merger Consideration may be paid to such
a transferee if the Certificate formerly representing such Shares is presented
to the Paying Agent, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and
effect such transfer and to evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes
have been paid. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Person shall
mean any individual, corporation (including not-for-profit), general or limited
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust,
association, organization, Governmental Entity or other entity of any kind or
nature. Until surrendered in accordance with the provisions of this Section
3.2, each Certificate shall represent for all purposes only the right to
receive the applicable Merger Consideration set forth in this Article III
without any interest thereon.

          (c) 
Termination of Exchange Fund
. Any portion of the Exchange Fund
(including the proceeds of any investments thereof) that remains unclaimed by
the stockholders of the Company for one hundred eighty (180) days after the
Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent upon demand. Any stockholders of
the Company who have not theretofore received payment of the Merger
Consideration in accordance with this Article III shall thereafter look only to
Parent for such payment upon due surrender of their Certificates (or affidavits
of loss in lieu thereof), in each case, without any interest thereon.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of Parent, the Surviving Corporation, the
Paying Agent or any other Person shall be liable to any former holder of Shares
for any amount properly delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

          (d) 
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates
. In the event any Certificate
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making and delivery of an
affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent, the posting by such Person of a
bond in customary amount as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against it with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent will pay the
Merger Consideration to such holder in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed certificate.

3.3. Company Options and Warrants.

          (a) As soon as possible following the date of this Agreement, the Board of
Directors of the Company and any committee administering the Companys Amended
Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (including the UK

-13-

 Inland Approved Schedule thereto, collectively, the 1999 Plan) or 2001
Employee Stock Option Plan (the 2001 Plan), each as amended to the date of
this Agreement (collectively, the Company Option Plans) shall adopt such
resolutions and/or take such other actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to effect the provisions of this Section 3.3 and to cause the transactions
contemplated by this Section 3.3 to be exempt from the provisions of Section
16(b) of the Exchange Act. All outstanding options to purchase Shares granted
by the Company under the Company Option Plans or otherwise issued pursuant to
Company Option agreements not covered by the Company Option Plans, are
disclosed on Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and are
collectively referred to herein as the Company Options, each a Company
Option. All outstanding warrants to purchase Shares granted by the Company
are disclosed on Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and are
collectively referred to herein as the Company Warrants, each a Company
Warrant.

          (b) 
Company Options Granted Under the Company Option Plans. 
Parent and
the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that, pursuant to the terms of the
2001 Plan and the 1999 Plan, and the Company Option agreements issued
thereunder, all Company Options issued under the Company Plans shall terminate
upon the first to occur of the acquisition by Purchaser, Parent or any
affiliate of eighty percent (80%) or more of the Companys Shares in the Offer
(including any subsequent offering period under Section 1.1(d)) or the Merger
(the Option Termination Event). Pursuant to the terms of the 1999 Plan and
the Company Option agreements issued thereunder, holders of Company Options
under the 1999 Plan shall have the right, for a period of thirty (30) days
immediately prior to the Option Termination Event, to exercise such Company
Options in whole or in part, without regard to any vesting conditions.
Pursuant to the terms of the 2001 Plan and the Company Option agreements issued
thereunder, holders of Company Options under the 2001 Plan shall have the
right, for a period of fifteen (15) days immediately prior to the Option
Termination Event, to exercise such Company Options in whole or in part,
without regard to any vesting conditions. Any exercise of a Company Option
granted under the Company Option Plans, that becomes fully vested and
exercisable pursuant to this Section 3.3(b), shall be conditioned upon the
occurrence of an Option Termination Event and shall be effective only
immediately before the occurrence of the Option Termination Event.

          (c) 
Company Options Not Granted Under the Company Option Plans. 
Parent
and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that all Company Options not
issued under the Company Plans shall terminate, in accordance with their terms,
upon the Option Termination Event. The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to seek to cause the holders of Company Options not granted
under the Company Option Plans to terminate such Company Option agreements in
exchange for a cash payment, to be made by Parent simultaneously with the
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, equal to (x) the Offer Price

-14-

 multiplied by the number of Shares purchasable pursuant to such Company
Option, minus (y) the aggregate exercise price for the Shares purchasable
pursuant to such Company Option, less any amounts as are required to be
deducted and withheld under the Code or any provision of state or local Tax law
in connection with such payment.

          (d) Each Company Warrant unexercised and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall at the Effective Time be deemed to constitute a
warrant to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under
such Company Warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Merger
Consideration. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the Company Warrants to be terminated prior to the Effective Time.

          (e) As of the Effective Time, the Company Option Plans and Company
Options, to the extent not exercised, shall terminate and, except as provided
in Section 3.3(d), all rights under any provision of any other plan, program or
arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any other interest in
respect of the capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary shall be
cancelled. At and after the Effective Time, no Person shall have any right
under the Company Options, the Company Option Plans or any other plan, program
or arrangement with respect to equity securities of the Surviving Corporation
or any Subsidiary thereof.

          (f) The Companys Board of Directors shall send written notice of the
Offer and the foregoing rights under this Section 3.3 to holders of Company
Options and Company Warrants not later than the time at which it gives notice
to the holders of Company Common Stock and will provide such holders of Company
Options notice that such Company Options shall terminate upon an Option
Termination Event in accordance with their terms.

3.4. Stock Transfer Books; No Further Ownership Rights in Company.

          At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company with
respect to all shares of capital stock of the Company shall be closed and no
further registration of transfers of such shares of capital stock shall
thereafter be made on the records of the Company. On and after the Effective
Time, any Certificates for Shares of the Company (excluding any Shares
described in Section 3.1(b) and any Dissenting Shares) outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to such
Shares, except as otherwise provided for herein or by applicable law. If,
after the Effective Time, Certificates for Shares of the Company are presented
to the Paying Agent, the Surviving Corporation or Purchaser for any reason,
they shall be cancelled and exchanged for the Merger

-15-

 Consideration. The Merger Consideration paid upon surrender of
Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to
have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the Company
Common Stock theretofore represented by such Certificates.

3.5. Adjustments to Prevent Dilution.

          Subject to Section 6.1 hereof, in the event that after the date hereof and
prior to the Effective Time the Company changes the number of Shares or
securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for Shares, issued
and outstanding prior to the Effective Time as a result of a reclassification,
stock split (including a reverse split), stock dividend or distribution,
recapitalization, merger, subdivision, issuer tender or exchange offer, or
other similar transaction, the Merger Consideration shall be equitably
adjusted.

3.6. Withholding.

          Each of the Paying Agent, Parent, Purchaser and the Surviving Corporation
shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration otherwise
payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder or former holder of Shares,
Company Options or Company Warrants such amounts as may be required to be
deducted or withheld therefrom under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the Code) or any provision of Tax law or other applicable legal
requirement. To the extent such amounts are so deducted or withheld, such
amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been
paid by the Paying Agent, Parent, Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation to the
Person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

          Except as set forth in the corresponding sections or subsections of the
Company disclosure schedule attached to this Agreement (the Company Disclosure
Schedule), the Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Purchaser
that:

4.1. Organization, Good Standing and Qualification.

          The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and each of its Subsidiaries
(as defined in Section 9.12(b)) is set forth in Section 4.1 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule and is a corporation or other entity duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its respective
jurisdiction of organization. Each of

-16-

the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has all requisite corporate or similar
power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets and to carry
on its business as presently conducted and is qualified to do business and is
in good standing in each jurisdiction where the ownership or operation of its
properties or conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, when taken together with
all other such failures, is not reasonably likely to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 9.12(b)). The Company has made available
to Parent a complete and correct copy of the Companys, and each Subsidiarys,
respective certificate of incorporation and bylaws or other organizational
documents, each as amended to, and as in effect as of, the date hereof. Each
such certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended as of the date hereof,
is in full force and effect.

4.2. Capitalization.

          The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of One Hundred
Million (100,000,000) shares of Company Common Stock, of which 26,200,815
shares were outstanding as of the close of business on October 11, 2002 and
Twenty Million (20,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of which no shares were outstanding as of the close of business on
October 11, 2002. All of the outstanding Shares have been duly authorized and
are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. As of the close of business
on October 11, 2002, the Company had reserved (i) 13,013,863 shares of Company
Common Stock for issuance to employees, consultants and directors pursuant to
the Company Option Plans and otherwise under Company Option agreements, and
(ii) 65,080 shares of Company Common Stock for issuance upon exercise of
Company Warrants. Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a
list, as of the date hereof, of (x) each Company Option to purchase or acquire
Shares under each of the Company Option Plans or otherwise under a Company
Option agreement, indicating the plan, holder thereof, date of grant, vesting
schedule, exercise price and number of Shares subject thereto, and (y) each
Company warrant to purchase Shares, indicating, the holder, date of grant,
expiration date, vesting schedule, exercise price and number of Shares subject
thereto. Each of the outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities
of each of the Companys Subsidiaries is duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable and owned by the Company free and clear of any
Encumbrance. Except for the Company Rights Agreement or as described in
Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no preemptive or
other outstanding rights, options, warrants, conversion rights, stock
appreciation rights, redemption rights, repurchase rights, agreements,
arrangements or commitments to issue or sell any shares of capital stock or
other securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any securities or
obligations convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for, or giving any
Person a right to subscribe for or acquire, any securities of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, and no securities or obligations evidencing such
rights are authorized, issued or outstanding. Except as described

-17-

in Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not have
outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of
which have the right to vote (or, except as referred to in this Section 4.2,
convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with
the stockholders of the Company on any matter. The Shares of Company Common
Stock issued and outstanding, including options or Shares issued under Company
Option agreements and the Company Option Plans, as amended and under all prior
versions thereof, were issued in compliance with applicable law.

4.3. Company Subsidiaries; Investments.

          Except for the Companys Subsidiaries listed on Section 4.1 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule and as set forth on Section 4.3 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company does not directly or indirectly own any equity or similar
interest in, or any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for any equity or similar interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint
venture or other business association or entity.

4.4. Corporate Authority and Approvals.

          The Company has the necessary corporate power and authority and has taken
all corporate action necessary in order to execute, deliver and, subject to
obtaining any necessary approval of the stockholders of the Company (the
Company Requisite Vote), to perform its obligations under this Agreement, to
carry out and complete the Offer and to consummate the Merger. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action and no other corporate proceedings
on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are necessary to
authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby,
other than the Company Requisite Vote, to the extent required under the DGCL.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Purchaser,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other
similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors
rights generally and by the application of general principles of equity
(regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in
equity).

4.5. Governmental Filings; No Violations or Conflicts.

          (a) Except as set forth in Section 4.5 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company do not, and

-18-

the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement will
not, (i) conflict with or violate the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) subject to compliance with the
requirements set forth in Section 4.5(b) below, conflict with or violate any
law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any of their respective
properties are bound or affected, (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a
default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of any Encumbrance
on any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
pursuant to, any Company Material Contract (as defined in Section 4.17 hereof),
except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such conflicts,
violations, breaches, defaults or other alterations or occurrences that are not
reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

          (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company does not,
and the performance of this Agreement by the Company will not, require any
consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification
to, any Governmental Entity, except (i) for (A) applicable requirements, if
any, of the Exchange Act, state takeover laws, the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.
(Nasdaq) or any exchange or interdealer quotation service on which the
Companys securities are listed or quoted; or the HSR Act, if applicable, (B)
applicable requirements, if any, of the consents, approvals, authorizations or
permits described in Section 4.5 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and (C)
filing and recordation of the Certificate of Merger as required by the DGCL,
and (ii) where failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or
permits, or to make such filings or notifications, would not prevent or delay
consummation of the Offer and the Merger in any material respect, or otherwise
prevent the Company from performing its obligations under this Agreement.

4.6. Company SEC Reports; Financial Statement.

          (a) The Company has timely filed all forms, reports, statements and other
documents required to be filed by the Company with the SEC since October 2,
2000 (collectively, the Company SEC Reports), and has heretofore made
available to Purchaser, in the form filed with the SEC since such date, all
such Company SEC Reports, including all exhibits and schedules thereto and
documents incorporated by reference therein, together with any amendments
thereto, including but not limited to, (i) all Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
(ii) all Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, (iii) all proxy statements relating to
meetings of stockholders (whether annual or special), (iv) all reports on Form
8-K, and (v) all other reports or registration statements filed by the Company.
As of their respective filing dates, the Company SEC Reports (i) complied as
to form in all material respects with the

-19-

requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act) and (ii) did not at the time they were filed contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

          (b) The financial statements, including all related notes and schedules,
contained in the Company SEC Reports (or incorporated by reference therein)
fairly present the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
Subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of
operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods
indicated in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (except as may be noted therein, and subject, in the case of interim
financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments).

          (c) The Company maintains and has maintained during all periods that the
Company was required to file reports under Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act controls and other procedures that are adequately designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that
it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms.

4.7. Absence of Certain Changes.

          Except as set forth in Section 4.7 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
since June 30, 2002, there has not been any change in the business, financial
condition, properties, assets or results of operations of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, which has had, or is reasonably likely to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, and the Company and its
Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in the ordinary course
consistent with their past practices.

4.8. Litigation.

          Except as set forth on Section 4.8 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
there are no civil, criminal or administrative actions, suits, claims,
hearings, investigations, proceedings, judgments, decrees, orders or
injunctions outstanding, pending or; to the knowledge of the Responsible
Executive Officers of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, except for such actions, suits, claims, hearings, investigations
and proceedings that are not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect or prevent or impair the ability
of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

-20-

4.9. Employee Benefits.

          (a) A copy of each bonus, deferred compensation, pension, retirement,
profit-sharing, thrift, savings, employee stock ownership, stock bonus, stock
purchase, restricted stock, stock option, change of control, compensation,
medical, health or other material plan, policy or arrangement that covers
employees and directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the Company
Compensation and Benefit Plans) and any trust agreement or insurance contract
forming a part of such Company Compensation and Benefit Plans has been made
available to Parent prior to the date hereof. For the three most recent plan
years, all annual reports (Form 5500 series) on each Company Compensation and
Benefit Plan that have been filed with any Governmental Entity and the current
summary plan description and subsequent summaries of material modifications for
each Company Compensation and Benefit Plan have been made available to Parent
prior to the date hereof. The Company Compensation and Benefit Plans are
listed on Section 4.9(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

          (b) All Company Compensation and Benefit Plans are in substantial
compliance with all applicable law, including, to the extent applicable, the
Code and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
(ERISA). Each Company Compensation and Benefit Plan that is an employee
pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA (a Pension
Plan) and that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code
has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service
(the IRS), and the Company is not aware of any circumstances likely to result
in revocation of any such favorable determination letter. There is no pending
or, to the knowledge of the Responsible Executive Officers of the Company,
threatened litigation relating to the Company Compensation and Benefit Plans.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a transaction
with respect to any Company Compensation and Benefit Plan that, assuming the
taxable period of such transaction expired as of the date hereof, would subject
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a material tax or penalty imposed by
either Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502 of ERISA.

          (c) As of the date hereof, no liability under Subtitle C or D of Title IV
of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing, frozen or terminated single-employer
plan, within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently or
formerly maintained by any of them, or the single-employer plan of any entity
which is considered one employer with the Company under Section 4001 of ERISA
or Section 414 of the Code (an ERISA Affiliate). The Company and its
Subsidiaries have not incurred and do not expect to incur any withdrawal
liability with respect to a multiemployer plan under Subtitle E to Title IV of
ERISA. The Company and

-21-

its Subsidiaries have not contributed, or been obligated to contribute, to a
multiemployer plan under Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA at any time since
September 26, 1980. No notice of a reportable event, within the meaning of
Section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been
waived, has been required to be filed for any Pension Plan or by any ERISA
Affiliate of the Company within the 12-month period ending on the date hereof
or will be required to be filed in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

          (d) All contributions required to be made under the terms of any Company
Compensation and Benefit Plan as of the date hereof have been timely made or
have been reflected on the most recent consolidated balance sheet filed or
incorporated by reference in the Company SEC Reports prior to the date hereof.
Neither any Pension Plan nor any single-employer plan of an ERISA Affiliate of
the Company has an accumulated funding deficiency (whether or not waived)
within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA. Neither
the Company nor its Subsidiaries has provided, or is required to provide,
security to any Pension Plan or to any single-employer plan of an ERISA
Affiliate of the Company pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code.

          (e) No Pension Plan of the Company is a defined benefit plan as such
term is defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA.

          (f) Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries have any obligations for
retiree health and life benefits under any Company Compensation and Benefit
Plan except as may be required by the health care coverage continuation
requirements of COBRA or similar state law.

          (g) The Offer and the Merger will not, except for the acceleration of
outstanding Company Options contemplated by Section 3.3 hereof, or as set forth
in Section 4.9(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) entitle any employees
of the Company or its Subsidiaries to severance pay, (ii) accelerate the time
of payment or vesting or trigger any payment of compensation or benefits under,
increase the amount payable or trigger any other material obligation pursuant
to, any of the Company Compensation and Benefit Plans or (iii) result in any
breach or violation of, or a default under, any of the Company Compensation and
Benefit Plans.

          (h) All Company Compensation and Benefit Plans covering current or former
non-U.S. employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries comply in all material
respects with applicable local law. The Company and its Subsidiaries have no
material unfunded liabilities with respect to any Pension Plan that covers such
non-U.S. employees.

          (i) Except as set forth in Section 4.9(i) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, no amount required to be paid or payable with respect to any employee
of

-22-

the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Offer and the
Merger will be an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G
of the Code.

          (j) Section 4.9(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true
and correct list of the names, positions, rates of compensation and terms of
severance payable upon termination of employment of the Companys current
employees. Section 4.9(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth any
material separation or termination agreement with any executive officer of the
Company under which amounts remain due and payable by the Company, as well as
any change in control or retention bonus arrangements or agreements between the
Company and any of its officers, directors and employees.

          (k) Section 4.9(k) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true
and correct list of the names of such Company employees who are eligible to
receive a compensation bonus for the current fiscal year and the range of
compensation bonus payment that the Companys management has determined each
such employee is eligible to receive pursuant to Section 6.9.

4.10. Compliance with Laws; Permits.

          The Company and its Subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses and approvals
(none of which has been modified or rescinded and all of which are in full
force and effect) from all Governmental Entities (collectively, the Permits)
necessary for the Company and its Subsidiaries to own, lease and operate their
respective properties and to carry on their respective businesses as presently
conducted and as proposed to be conducted by the Company, except for any
Permits for which the failure to obtain or hold is not reasonably likely to,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries have not been conducted, and are
currently not being conducted, in violation of any applicable law, statute
(including, without limitation the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), ordinance,
regulation, judgment, Permits, order, decree, concession, grant or other
authorization of any Governmental Entity, except for violations that are not
reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

4.11. Takeover Statutes; Poison Pill.

          No restrictive provision of any fair price, moratorium, control
share or other similar anti-takeover statute or regulation of the DGCL, (each
a Takeover Statute) or restrictive provision of any applicable anti-takeover
provision in the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, is, or
at the Effective Time will be, applicable to the Company, Parent, the Offer,
the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement. The
Company has taken all

-23-

necessary action pursuant to the terms of the Company Rights Agreement to
provide that neither Parent nor Purchaser shall be deemed an acquiring person
thereunder, and that the announcement and consummation of the Offer and the
Merger will not be deemed a stock acquisition date thereunder.

4.12. Environmental Matters.

          The Company does not currently own, and has not previously owned, any real
property. Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the
date hereof or on Section 4.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and except
for such matters that, alone or in the aggregate, would not have a Company
Material Adverse Effect: (a) the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied
with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined in Section 9.12(b)); (b) the
properties currently leased or operated by the Company (including soils,
groundwater, surface water, buildings or other structures) were not
contaminated with any Hazardous Substances (as defined in Section 9.12(b)) by
the Company, or, to the knowledge of the Responsible Executive Officers of the
Company, by any third party, and, to the knowledge of the Responsible Executive
Officers of the Company, do not contain wetlands, dumps, filled in land, PCBs,
asbestos or underground storage tanks; (c) to the knowledge of the Responsible
Executive Officers of the Company, the properties formerly leased or operated
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries were not contaminated with Hazardous
Substances by the Company or, to the knowledge of the Responsible Executive
Officers of the Company, by any third party, during the period of lease or
operation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (d) neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary is subject to liability for any Hazardous Substance disposal
or contamination as directed by the Company or its Subsidiary on any third
party property; (e) no Hazardous Substance has been transported by the Company or, to
the knowledge of the Responsible Executive Officers of the Company, by any
third party from any of the properties leased or operated by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries other than as permitted under applicable Environmental Law;
(f) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written
notice, demand, letter, claim or request for information from any Governmental
Entity or third party indicating that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
may be in violation of or liable under any Environmental Law; (g) the Company
and its Subsidiaries are not subject to any court order, administrative order
or decree arising under any Environmental Law and are not subject to any
indemnity or other agreement with any third party relating to liability under
any Environmental Law or relating to Hazardous Substances; and (h) to the
knowledge of the Responsible Executive Officers of the Company there are no
circumstances or conditions involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that could reasonably be expected to result in any material claims, liability,
investigations, costs or restrictions on the ownership, use, or transfer of any
property of the Company pursuant to any Environmental Law.

-24-

4.13. Taxes.

          Except as set forth on Section 4.13 of the Company Disclosure Schedule:

          (a) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have timely and accurately
filed all income Tax Returns (as defined in Section 9.12(b)) and all other
material Tax Returns which are required by all applicable laws to be filed by
them, and have paid, or made adequate provision for the payment of all Taxes
(as defined in Section 9.12(b)) due and owing by the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries other than those Taxes being contested in good faith for which
adequate provision has been made on the most recent balance sheet included in
the Company SEC Reports. The Tax Returns of the Company and its Subsidiaries
were correct and complete in all material respects;

          (b) all Taxes which the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are required
by law to withhold and collect have been duly withheld and collected, and have
been paid over, in a timely manner, to the proper Taxing Authorities (as
defined in Section 9.12(b)) to the extent due and payable;

          (c) no liens for Taxes exist with respect to any of the assets or
properties of the Company or its Subsidiaries, except for statutory liens for
Taxes not yet due or payable or that are being contested in good faith;

          (d) there is no audit, examination, deficiency, refund claim or refund
litigation pending with respect to any Taxes and during the past three years no
Taxing Authority has given written notice of the commencement of any audit,
examination, deficiency or refund litigation, with respect to any
Taxes;

          (e) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have agreed to make,
nor is required to make, any adjustment under Section 481 of the Code or
corresponding provisions of state, local or foreign Law by reason of any change
in accounting method;

          (f) the accrued taxes payable accounts for Taxes reflected on the Company
and its Subsidiaries most recent balance sheet are sufficient for the payment
of all unpaid Taxes for the Company and each of its Subsidiaries accrued for or
applicable to all periods ending on or prior to the date of said balance sheet,
or which may subsequently be determined to be owing with respect to any such
period;

          (g) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have waived any
statute of limitations with respect to Taxes or agreed to any extension of time
with respect to an assessment or deficiency for Taxes;

-25-

          (h) during the past five years prior to the date of this Agreement, no
demand or claim has been made against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
with respect to any Taxes arising out of membership or participation in any
consolidated, affiliated, combined or unitary group of which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries was at any time a member;

          (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or is
bound by any Tax sharing agreement, Tax indemnity obligation or similar
agreement in respect of Taxes (other than with respect to agreements solely
between or among members of the consolidated group of which the Company is the
common parent);

          (j) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made available to
Purchaser copies of all Tax Returns filed within the three-year period ending
on the date hereof;

          (k) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
private letter ruling from the IRS within the three-year period ending on the
date hereof;

          (l) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
contract, agreement, plan or arrangement, including but not limited to the
provisions of this Agreement, covering any employee or former employee of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries which, individually or collectively, could
reasonably be expected to give rise to the payment of any amount that would not
be deductible as an expense by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant
to Section 404 of the Code, or by similar applicable law;

          (m) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
contract, agreement or other arrangement which could result in the payment of
amounts that would be non-deductible by reason of Section 162(m) of the Code; and

          (n) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has constituted either
a distributing corporation or controlled corporation in a distribution of
stock qualifying for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code (i) in
the two (2) years prior to the date of this Agreement or (ii) in a distribution
which could otherwise constitute part of a plan or series of related
transactions (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction
with the Closing.

4.14. Labor Matters.

          (a) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
collective bargaining agreement or other contract or agreement with any labor
organization or other representative of any of the employees of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Section 4.14(a) of the Company
Disclosure

-26-

Schedule, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all
laws relating to the employment or the workplace, including, without
limitation, provisions relating to wages, hours, collective bargaining, safety
and health, work authorization, equal employment opportunity, immigration and
the withholding of income taxes, unemployment compensation, workers
compensation, employee privacy and right to know and Social Security
contributions, except for any noncompliance that is not reasonably likely to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. No
work stoppage or labor strike against the Company is pending, threatened or
reasonably anticipated.

          (b) Section 4.14(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a complete
and correct list of all consulting agreements with any Persons retained by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, complete and correct copies of which have
been made available to Parent.

4.15. Intellectual Property.

          (a) For the purposes of this agreement, the following terms have the
following definitions:

          (i) Intellectual Property shall mean any or all of the following and all
rights associated therewith: (i) all domestic and foreign patents and
applications therefor and all reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions,
continuations and continuations-in-part thereof; (ii) all inventions (whether
patentable or not), invention disclosures, improvements, trade secrets,
proprietary information, know how, technology, technical data and customer
lists, and all documentation relating to any of the foregoing; (iii) all
copyrights, copyrights registrations and applications therefor, and all other
rights corresponding thereto throughout the world; (iv) all mask works, mask
work registrations and applications therefor; (v) all industrial designs and
any registrations and applications therefor; (vi) all trade names, logos,
common law trademarks and service marks; trademark and service mark
registrations and applications therefor and all goodwill associated therewith;
and (vii) all computer software including all source code, object code,
firmware, development tools, files, records and data, all media on which any of
the foregoing is recorded, all documentation related to any of the foregoing.

          (ii) Intellectual Property of Company shall mean any Intellectual
Property that is owned by the Company or that the Company represents that it
owns. However, Intellectual Property of the Company shall specifically not
include any rights in or to materials created for customers as
work-made-for-hire or which are subject to an exclusive assignment or license
in favor of any third party.

          (iii) Third Party Intellectual Property of Company shall mean any
Intellectual Property that is licensed by the Company and that is necessary to
the operation of the Company, including the design, manufacture and use of the

-27-

products of the Company as it currently is conducted, including, without
limitation, the design, development, manufacture and sale of all products
currently manufactured or sold by the Company or under development by the
Company, or is reasonably anticipated to be operated in the future.

          (b) Section 4.15(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all of the
United States and foreign: (i) patents and patent applications; (ii) registered
trademarks and trademark applications; (iii) registered copyrights and
applications for copyright registration; and (iv) any other Intellectual
Property of Company that is the subject of an application, certificate or
registration issued by any state, government or other public legal authority.
Except as otherwise noted on Section 4.15(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the registrations of the Intellectual Property of Company listed on
Section 4.15(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule are valid and subsisting,
all necessary registration and renewal fees in connection with such
registrations have been made and all necessary documents and certificates in
connection with such registrations have been filed with the relevant patent,
copyright and trademark authorities for the purposes of maintaining such
registrations.

          (c) Section 4.15(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all (i)
material copyrights, and (ii) except for immaterial copyrights and shrink
wrap and similar standard commercial end user software products, all other
Intellectual Property, used by the Company in connection with the operation of
its business, the development, promotion, marketing or sale of its products, or
the support and maintenance thereof, except as already set forth on Section
4.15(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. Section 4.15(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule is segregated by Intellectual Property owned by the
Company, licensed to the Company (in which case Section 4.15(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule lists the third party licensor or owner and describes the
license thereof), or otherwise used by the Company. Section 4.15(c) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule also describes the nature of the Intellectual
Property required to be set forth in Section 4.15(c) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, including without limitation a segregation by domain names, and
product names. Except as identified in Section 4.15(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, the Companys assets include all Intellectual Property of
Company. The Company owns and has good and exclusive title to each item of
Intellectual Property of Company, including but not limited to that which is
set forth in Section 4.15(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule listed as owned
by the Company, free and clear of any lien or encumbrance; and to the knowledge
of the Responsible Executive Officers of the Company, the Company has the right
to use or operate all Third Party Intellectual Property of Company in
accordance with applicable third party license agreements. The Intellectual
Property of Company and Third Party Intellectual Property of Company comprise
all rights necessary for Buyer to conduct the business of the Company in the
same manner after the Closing Date as the Company had conducted the
business prior to
the Closing Date. No Intellectual Property of Company or product of the
Company is

-28-

subject to any outstanding decree, order, judgment, or stipulation restricting
in any material manner the use or licensing thereof by the Company. To the
knowledge of the Responsible Executive Officers of the Company, no Third Party
Intellectual Property of Company is subject to any outstanding decree, order,
judgment, or stipulation restricting in any material manner the use or
licensing thereof by the Company.

          (d) The contracts, licenses and agreements listed on Section 4.15(d) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule include all material contracts, licenses and
agreements, to which the Company is a party which (i) still require performance
of services, delivery of materials or ongoing royalties or similar payments by
the Company, (ii) still require performance of services, delivery of materials
or ongoing royalties or similar payments to the benefit of the Company or (iii)
required the performance of services, delivery of materials or ongoing
royalties or similar payment either by the Company or to the benefit of the
Company and included indemnification obligations of the Company or the
performance of nondisclosure obligations, in each case, with respect to any
Intellectual Property, other than shrink wrap and similar commercial end-user
licenses. With respect to material agreements, except pursuant to agreements
listed on Section 4.15(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (i) no person has
any rights to use any of the Intellectual Property of Company; (ii) the Company
has neither granted to any person, nor authorized any person to retain, any
rights in the Intellectual Property of Company; and (iii) Company has not
sublicensed or assigned any of its rights or licenses regarding the Third Party
Intellectual Property of Company.

          (e) The contracts, licenses and agreements listed on Section 4.15(d) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule are in full force and effect. Except as set
forth on Section 4.15(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge
of the Responsible Executive Officers of the Company, there are no contracts,
licenses and agreements between the Company and any other person with respect
to the Intellectual Property of Company or Third Party Intellectual Property of
Company as to which there is any dispute regarding the scope of such agreement,
or performance under such agreement including with respect to any payments to
be made or received by the Company thereunder. The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will neither violate nor result in
the breach, modification, cancellation, termination, or suspension of the
contracts, licenses and agreements listed on Section 4.15(d) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule. The Company is in material compliance with, and has not
materially breached any term of, the contracts, licenses and agreements listed
on Section 4.15(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. To the knowledge of the
Responsible Executive Officers of the Company, all other parties to the
contracts, licenses and agreements listed on Section 4.15(d) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule are in material compliance with, and have not materially
breached any term of, the contracts, licenses and agreements.

-29-

          (f) Except as noted on Section 4.15(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the operation of the Companys business as it currently is conducted, including
its design, development, manufacture and sale of its products, including
products currently under development, and provision of services, does not
infringe the Intellectual Property of any other person. To the knowledge of
the Responsible Executive Officers of the Company, notwithstanding the
foregoing, solely with respect to the Company s use of Third Party
Intellectual Property of Company and with respect to any third party patents
not issued as of the effective date hereof, the operation of the Companys
business as it currently is conducted, including its design, development,
manufacture and sale of its products, including products currently under
development, and provision of services, does not infringe the Intellectual
Property of any other person. The Company has not received notice from any
person that the operation of its business, including its design, development,
manufacture and sale of its products (including with respect to products
currently under development) and provision of services, infringes the
Intellectual Property of any person.

          (g) To the knowledge of the Responsible Executive Officers of the Company,
no person or entity is infringing or misappropriating any of the Intellectual
Property of the Company.

          (h) Except as otherwise noted on Section 4.15(h) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, (i) there are no material claims asserted against the Company related
to any product or service of the Company, and (ii) to the knowledge of the
Responsible Executive Officers of the Company, there are no material claims
threatened against the Company or asserted or threatened against any customer
of the Company related to any product or service of the Company.

          (i) The Company has a policy requiring each employee, consultant and
contractor to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements
substantially in the Companys standard forms attached hereto in Section
4.15(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. Each current or former employee,
consultant or contractor has so executed such form, except where the former
employee, consultant or contractor was not materially involved in the Companys
product development efforts and where the failure to execute such agreements is
not reasonably likely to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

4.16. Title to Property
.

          Except as set forth in the Company SEC Reports or on Section 4.16 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have good
and defensible title to all of their properties and assets, free and clear of
all Encumbrances, except liens for taxes not yet due and payable and such
Encumbrances or other imperfections of title, if any, as do not materially
detract

-30-

from the value of or materially interfere with the present use of the property
affected thereby.

4.17. Company Material Contracts.

          All of the material contracts of the Company and its Subsidiaries that are
required to be described in the Company SEC Reports or to be filed as exhibits
thereto pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC (the 601
Contracts) are described in the Company SEC Reports or filed as exhibits
thereto. All Company Material Contracts (as defined below) are in full force
and effect. True and complete copies of the Company Material Contracts have
been made available by the Company to Parent. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Responsible Executive Officers of
the Company, any other party, is in breach of or in default under the Company
Material Contracts, except for such breaches and defaults as individually or in
the aggregate have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is party to any agreement containing any provision or covenant
limiting, in any material respect, the ability of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to (a) sell any products or services of or to any other Person,
(b) engage in any line of business, or (c) compete with or obtain products or
services from any Person or limiting the ability of any Person to provide
products or services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. As used in
this Agreement, the term Company Material Contract shall include all of the
following types of agreements to which the Company is a party or by which it is
bound: (i) 601 Contracts; (ii) contracts involving expected receipts or
expenditures in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000); (iii)
contracts granting any exclusive rights to any party; (iv) contracts evidencing
indebtedness for borrowed or loaned money of One Hundred Thousand Dollars
($100,000) or more, including guarantees of such indebtedness; (v) contracts
involving the in licensing of technology which is included in the Companys
products; (vi) contracts licensing the Companys products (other than standard
form license agreements entered into by the Company in the ordinary course of
business that do not individually involve a royalty payment obligation of at
least One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) in the aggregate); (vii)
contracts involving the joint development of any product or the joint
exploitation of intellectual property by the Company with a third party; and
(viii) contracts or subcontracts pursuant to which the Company is providing
goods or services to any Governmental Entity, including without limitation the
United States federal or state governments or any subdivision thereof.

4.18. Brokers and Finders.

          Neither the Company nor any of its executive officers, directors or
employees has employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any
brokerage fees, commissions or finders fees in connection with the Merger or
the

-31-

other transactions contemplated in this Agreement, except that the Company has
employed Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. as its financial advisor, the arrangements
with respect to which have been disclosed to Parent prior to the date hereof.

4.19. Insurance Matters.

          The Company has heretofore made available to Parent true, complete and
correct copies of all material fire and casualty, general liability, business
interruption, product liability, directors and officers and other insurance
policies maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries. All such policies (i)
are in full force and effect, and (ii) insure against those risks to which the
Company and its properties could reasonably be exposed in such amounts and
subject to such terms as are commercially reasonable. To the knowledge of the
Responsible Executive Officers of the Company neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received or given notice of cancellation with respect to
any material insurance policies. No material claim for coverage is pending for
which coverage has been denied or the issue of coverage has not yet been agreed
to by the carrier. Except as disclosed on Section 4.19 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, the Company has not received notice of a material premium
increase in connection with any insurance policies maintained by the Company
and its Subsidiaries.

4.20. Information.

          The Schedule 14D-9, when filed with the SEC and first published, sent or
given to stockholders of the Company, will comply in all material respects with
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Neither the
Schedule 14D-9 nor any of the information provided by or on behalf of the
Company in writing specifically for inclusion in the Schedule TO or the Offer
Documents will, at the respective times the Schedule 14D-9, the Schedule TO and
the Offer Documents or any amendments or supplements thereto are filed with the
SEC or first published, sent or given to stockholders of the Company, contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. No representation is made by the Company with respect to written
information supplied by Parent or Purchaser specifically for inclusion in the
Schedule 14D-9. In the event that Section 253 of the DGCL is inapplicable and
unavailable to effectuate the Merger, any proxy statement to be sent to the
stockholders of the Company in connection with a meeting of the Companys
stockholders to consider the Merger (the Company Stockholders Meeting) (such
proxy statement, as amended or supplemented, is referred to herein as the
Company Proxy Statement) will comply in all material respects with the
applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder. The Company Proxy Statement will not, at the time the Company
Proxy Statement is filed with the SEC or first sent to

-32-

stockholders, at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting or at the
Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. No representation or warranty is made by the Company
with respect to written information supplied by Parent or Purchaser
specifically for inclusion in the Company Proxy Statement.

4.21. Vote Required.

          In the event that Section 253 of the DGCL is inapplicable and unavailable
to effectuate the Merger, the affirmative vote of more than fifty percent (50%)
of all the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding Shares is
the only vote of any class or series of capital stock of the Company necessary
to approve the Merger and the transactions contemplated under this Agreement.

4.22. Opinion of Financial Advisor.

          The Companys Board of Directors has received the opinion of Bear, Stearns
& Co. Inc. that, as of the date of this Agreement, the consideration to be
received in the Offer and the Merger by the stockholders of the Company is fair
to such stockholders from a financial point of view, subject to the
qualifications and assumptions contained therein, and such opinion has not been
withdrawn or modified.

4.23. Government Contracts.

          There are no material outstanding claims or disputes between the Company
and Unisys Corporation or Management System Designers, Inc. The Company has
not had any material disputes with any Government Entity, including without
limitation the United States federal government or any subdivision thereof,
involving the Companys unethical conduct in connection with the provision of
goods or services to such Governmental Entity.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF

PARENT AND PURCHASER

          Except as set forth in the corresponding sections or subsections of the
Parent Disclosure Schedule attached to this Agreement (the Parent Disclosure
Schedule), Parent and Purchaser hereby, jointly and severally, represent and
warrant to the Company that:

-33-

5.1. Purchaser.

          (a) Purchaser is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

          (b) The authorized capital stock of Purchaser consists of 1,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, all of which are validly issued and
outstanding and are, and at the Effective Time will be, owned solely by Parent,
and there are (i) no other voting securities of Purchaser, (ii) no securities
of Purchaser convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock or
other voting securities of Purchaser, and (iii) no options or other rights to
acquire from Purchaser, and no obligations of Purchaser to issue or deliver,
shares of common stock or other voting securities or securities convertible
into or exchangeable for shares of common stock or other voting securities of
Purchaser.

          (c) Purchaser has not conducted any business prior to the date hereof and
has no assets, liabilities or obligations of any nature other than those
incident to its formation and pursuant to this Agreement, the Offer and the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          (d) The affirmative vote of Parent, the sole stockholder of Purchaser is
the only vote of the holders of any class or series of Purchaser capital stock
necessary to approve any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

5.2. Organization, Good Standing and Qualification.

          Parent is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Parent has all requisite
corporate or similar power and authority to own and operate its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted and is qualified to
do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the ownership or
operation of its properties or conduct of its business requires such
qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing,
when taken together with all other such failures, is not reasonably likely to
have a Parent Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 9.12(b)). Parent
has made available to the Company a complete and correct copy of Parents
certificate of incorporation and bylaws as amended to and as in effect as of
the date hereof. Such certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended as
of the date hereof, is in full force and effect.

5.3. Corporate Authority and Approvals.

          (a) Each of Parent and Purchaser has the necessary corporate power and
authority and has taken all corporate action necessary in order to

-34-

execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement, to carry out
and complete the Offer and to consummate the Merger. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Purchaser and the consummation by
Parent and Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of Parent and Purchaser are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Purchaser and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent and Purchaser,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar
laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights
generally and by the application of general principles of equity (regardless of
whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).

          (b) The Board of Directors of Parent (at a meeting duly called and held)
has duly approved and adopted this Agreement and approved the Offer, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. No vote of the
stockholders of Parent is necessary to approve any of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

5.4. Governmental Filings; No Violations.

          (a) Except as set forth in Section 5.4 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule,
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Purchaser do not,
and the performance by Parent and Purchaser of their respective obligations
under this Agreement will not, (i) conflict with or violate the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of Parent, (ii) subject to compliance with the
requirements set forth in Section 5.4(b) below, conflict with or violate any
law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable
to Parent or by which its properties are bound or affected, (iii) result in any
breach of or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of
time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the
creation of any Encumbrance on any of the properties or assets of Parent
pursuant to, any Parent Material Contract (as defined in Section 9.12(b)),
except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such conflicts,
violations, breaches, defaults or other alterations or occurrences that would
not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

          (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Purchaser
does not, and the performance of this Agreement by Parent and Purchaser will
not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with
or notification to, any Governmental Entity, except (i) for (A) applicable

-35-

requirements, if any, of the Exchange Act, state takeover laws, Nasdaq or any
exchange or interdealer quotation service on which Parents securities are
listed or quoted, or the HSR Act, if applicable, (B) applicable requirements,
if any, of the consents, approvals, authorizations or permits described in
Section 5.4 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, and (C) filing and recordation
of a certificate of merger as required by the DGCL, and (ii) where failure to
obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such
filings or notifications, would not prevent or delay consummation of the Offer
and the Merger in any material respect.

5.5. Available Funds.

          Parent has, and will make available to Purchaser, currently available
funds necessary to satisfy all of Parents and Purchasers obligations under
this Agreement and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby
including, without limitation, the payment of the Offer Price for all Shares
tendered in the Offer, payment of the aggregate Merger Consideration and all
costs, fees and expenses in connection with the Offer, the Merger and the
transactions contemplated hereby.

5.6. Brokers and Finders.

          Neither Parent nor any of its executive officers, directors or employees
has employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any brokerage
fees, commissions or finders fees in connection with the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated in this Agreement, except that Parent has employed
UBS Warburg as its financial advisors.

5.7. Information.

          The Schedule TO and the Offer Documents, when filed with the SEC and first
published, sent or given to stockholders of the Company, will comply in all
material respects with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder. Neither the Schedule TO, the Offer Documents, nor any of the
information provided by or on behalf of Parent or Purchaser in writing
specifically for inclusion in the Schedule 14D-9, or to the extent required,
for inclusion in the Company Proxy Statement, will, at the respective times the
Schedule TO and the Offer Documents, or the Schedule 14D-9, or to the extent
required, the Company Proxy Statement, or any amendments or supplements thereto
are filed with the SEC or first published, sent or given to stockholders of the
Company, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. No representation is made by Parent or Purchaser with
respect to information supplied by the Company in writing specifically for
inclusion in the Schedule TO or Offer Documents.

-36-

ARTICLE VI

COVENANTS

6.1. Interim Operations of the Company.

          (a) The Company hereby covenants and agrees, as to itself and its
Subsidiaries, that, from the date hereof until the Effective Time:

          (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries shall conduct and operate their
respective business in all material respects in the ordinary and usual course
consistent with past practices;

          (ii) to the extent consistent with (a)(i) above, the Company and its
Subsidiaries shall use their reasonable best efforts to preserve their business
organization substantially intact and maintain existing relationships and
goodwill with contract parties, customers, distributors, creditors, lessors,
principal officers and key employees; and

          (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries shall use their reasonable best
efforts to maintain and keep their properties and assets in as good repair and
condition as at present, ordinary wear and tear excepted.

          (b) The Company hereby covenants and agrees, as to itself and its
Subsidiaries, that, from the date hereof until the Effective Time, (except as
otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in Section
6.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule) without the prior written consent of
Parent:

          (i) the Company shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to: (A)
issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any capital stock owned by it in
any of its Subsidiaries; (B) amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;
(C) adjust, split, combine or reclassify its outstanding shares of stock, or
effect any reorganization or recapitalization of its capital stock; (D)
authorize, declare, set aside or pay any dividend payable in cash, stock or
property in respect of any capital stock; or (E) repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire, except in connection with any Company Option or Company
Warrant, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to purchase or otherwise acquire,
any shares of its stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or
exercisable for any shares of its capital stock;

          (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall (A) issue,
grant, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any (1) shares of, or securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, or options, warrants,
calls, commitments or rights of any kind to acquire any shares of, its capital
stock of any class (other than Shares issuable pursuant to Company Options and
Company Warrants outstanding on the date hereof), or (2) securities convertible
into or exchangeable for any other

-37-

property or assets; (B) transfer, lease, license, sell, mortgage, pledge,
dispose of or encumber any other property or assets that are material to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (C) make or authorize or
commit for any capital expenditures other than in amounts less than One Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($100,000) in the aggregate; or (D) make any acquisition of,
or investment in, the assets or stock of any other Person or entity (other than
a Subsidiary) except for ordinary course investment activities consistent with
past practice and not in the aggregate, material in amount;

          (iii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall terminate,
establish, adopt, enter into, make any new grants or awards under, amend or
otherwise modify, any Company Compensation and Benefit Plans or increase the
salary, wage, bonus or other compensation of any employee, provided that, the
Company may hire, in the ordinary and usual course of its business,
non-executive employees of the Company at an annual salary not to exceed One
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) as to any single individual and Five
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) in the aggregate provided that the Company
shall give Parent notice of any such hiring under this Section 6.1(b)(iii);

          (iv) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall (A) incur any
obligation of indebtedness for borrowed money, whether or not evidenced by a
note, bond, debenture or similar instrument, (B) assume, guarantee, endorse or
otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any
other Person other than in the ordinary course of the Companys business
consistent with past practice, (C) take any action to modify any material
indebtedness, or (D) make or forgive any loans to any Person;

          (v) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall (A) make,
rescind or change any Tax election, settle any material Tax audit or file any
material amended Tax Returns, or (B) revalue any of its assets or change any
accounting principle used by it except, in each case, as may be required to be
implemented pursuant to GAAP or applicable rules and regulations of the SEC;

          (vi) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into any
agreement containing any provision or covenant limiting in any material respect
the ability of the Company or any Subsidiary to (A) sell any products or
services of or to any other Person, (B) engage in any line of business, or (C)
compete with any Person;

          (vii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall adopt a plan
of complete, nor shall their respective Board of Directors adopt partial,
liquidation or resolutions providing for or authorizing such a liquidation or a
dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or reorganization;

-38-

          (viii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take any
action that would cause any of its representations and warranties herein to
become untrue in any material respect, except as may be required by applicable
law;

          (ix) the Company shall not modify, amend or terminate, or waive, release
or assign any material rights or claims under any (A) Company Material
Contract, or (B) except in compliance with Section 6.4 hereof, any
confidentiality or standstill agreement;

          (x) neither the Company nor any of it Subsidiaries shall settle or
compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim; and

          (xi) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall authorize or
enter into an agreement to do any of the foregoing.

6.2. Interim Operations of Parent.

          Parent covenants and agrees that, after the date hereof and prior to the
Effective Time (except as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement or
as set forth in Section 6.2 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule), without the
prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed:

          (a) Parent shall not take any action that would cause any of its
representations and warranties herein to become untrue in any material respect,
except as may be required by applicable law; and

          (b) Parent shall not authorize or enter into an agreement to do any of the
foregoing.

6.3. Interim Operations of Purchaser.

          During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time,
Purchaser shall not engage in any activities of any nature except as provided
in or contemplated by this Agreement.

6.4. Acquisition Proposals.

          (a) The Company agrees that after the date hereof it shall not, nor shall
it permit any Subsidiary to, nor shall it authorize or permit any
Representative of the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to:

-39-

          (i) solicit, initiate or encourage the submission of any tender or
exchange offer involving the Company or any proposal for, or indication of
interest in, a merger, consolidation, stock exchange, business combination or
other similar transaction involving the Company, or any purchase, license or
lease of in excess of fifteen percent (15%) (A) of the assets of the Company
and its Subsidiary taken as a whole, or (B) the outstanding Company Common
Stock, other than, in each case, a proposal by Parent or any of its affiliates
(an Acquisition Proposal);

          (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish
to any Person any information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries with
respect to, any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or
could be reasonably expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal; or

          (iii) grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar
agreement with respect to any class of the Companys equity securities;

provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to the other
provisions of this Section 6.4,

          (1) in response to an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal,
the Company may request clarifications from (but not, in reliance on this
subsection (1), enter into negotiations with or furnish nonpublic information
to) any third party which makes such written Acquisition Proposal if such
action is taken solely for the purpose of obtaining information reasonably
necessary for the Company to ascertain whether such Acquisition Proposal is a
Superior Proposal (as defined below);

          (2) the Company may take any action described in clauses (a)(ii) or
(a)(iii) of this Section 6.4, as well as enter into a confidentiality agreement
on customary terms and conditions, in respect of any Person, but only if such
Person delivers an Acquisition Proposal that, in the good faith judgment of the
Companys Board of Directors, is a Superior Proposal and in the good faith
judgment of the Companys Board of Directors after consultation with its legal
counsel, the failure to respond to such Acquisition Proposal would be
inconsistent with its fiduciary duties to the Companys stockholders, provided
that if the Company enters into such a confidentiality agreement with respect
to an Acquisition Proposal that contains provisions that are less protective to
the Company than the provisions of the confidentiality agreement dated as of
June 16, 2002, by and between Parent and the Company (the Confidentiality
Agreement), the Company agrees to amend the Confidentiality Agreement so as to
provide Parent with the benefit of any such less protective provisions; and

          (3) the Company may, concurrently or immediately following the termination
of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(d)(iii), following its evaluation of
the Superior Proposal, enter into an agreement regarding the

-40-

 Superior Proposal, or approve or recommend any Superior Proposal, in each
case, at any time after the second business day following Parents receipt of
written notice from the Company (i) advising Parent that the Board of Directors
of the Company has received a Superior Proposal which it intends to accept,
identifying the Person making such Superior Proposal and specifying the
financial and other material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal and
(ii) inviting Parent to propose adjustments in the terms and conditions of this
Agreement with a view to enabling the Company to proceed with the transactions
contemplated herein on such adjusted terms (provided that the Company shall
cooperate in good faith, and cause its legal and financial advisors to so
cooperate, with Parent in making any such adjustments). The Company may not
exercise its right to terminate this Agreement under Section 8.1(d)(iii) and
may not enter into a binding agreement with respect to such Superior Proposal
concurrently or immediately following such termination, unless prior to or
concurrent with such termination, the Company shall have paid to Parent the
Termination Fee (as defined by Section 8.2); provided further that nothing
contained in this Section 6.4 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall prevent the
Companys Board of Directors from complying with Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange
Act with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or making any disclosure required
by the fiduciary duties of the Companys Board of Directors or by applicable
law as determined by the Companys Board of Directors in good faith after
consultation with its outside legal counsel.

          For purposes of this Agreement, Superior Proposal means a bona fide,
written Acquisition Proposal not received in violation of Section 6.4(a) that
is fully financed or is accompanied by financing commitments that are
reasonably capable of being satisfied and is on terms that the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in good faith after consultation with its
financial advisors would or is reasonably likely to result in a transaction
that, if consummated, would be more favorable to the Companys stockholders
(taking into account all such factors as the Companys Board of Directors deems
relevant, including, among other things, the identity of the offeror, the
likelihood that such transaction will be consummated and all legal, financial,
regulatory and other aspects of the Acquisition Proposal) than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

          (b) The Company shall cease and cause to be terminated immediately all
existing discussions or negotiations with any Persons (other than Parent and
its affiliates) conducted heretofore with respect to any Acquisition Proposal.

          (c) The Company shall (i) promptly (and in no event later than two (2)
business days after receipt of any Acquisition Proposal or inquiry) notify
Parent after receipt by it (or its financial advisors) of any Acquisition
Proposal or any inquiries indicating that any Person is considering making or
wishes to make an Acquisition Proposal, identifying such Person, and the
financial and other material terms and conditions of any Acquisition Proposal
or potential Acquisition Proposal,

-41-

(ii) promptly notify Parent after receipt of any request for nonpublic
information relating to its properties, books or records by any Person, that
may be considering making, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal, (iii) prior to
furnishing any such written information, the Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to provide reasonable advance notice to Parent that it intends to
do so, (iv) promptly provide Parent with any nonpublic information which is
given to such Person pursuant to this Section 6.4(c) that has not previously
been provided or made available to Parent or its Representatives, and (v)
promptly keep Parent advised of the status and the financial and other material
terms and conditions of any such Acquisition Proposal, indication or request.

6.5. Stockholder Meetings.

          (a) If required by the DGCL or other applicable law in order to carry out
the Merger, the Company will take, in accordance with its certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, all action necessary in accordance with the DGCL to
convene the Company Stockholders Meeting, to be held as promptly as practicable
after acceptance of and payment for the Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the
Offer, to consider and vote upon the approval of the Merger. The Companys
Board of Directors, subject to any withdrawal, modification or amendment in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, will recommend approval and
adoption of the Agreement and approval of the Merger by its stockholders (and
include such recommendation in the Company Proxy Statement), will not withdraw
or modify such recommendation and will use its reasonable best efforts to
solicit such stockholder approval and obtain the Company Requisite Vote.

          (b) Parent agrees that it will vote, or cause to be voted, at the Company
Stockholders Meeting, all Shares then owned by it or Purchaser in favor of the
approval and adoption of the Agreement and approval of the Merger. In
addition, each of Parent and Purchaser agree that from and including the date
of the consummation of the Offer through the Effective Time, it will not sell,
transfer, assign, pledge, exchange or otherwise dispose of any Shares
(including those purchased in the Offer) or rights therein (whether acquired
pursuant to the Offer or otherwise).

          (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Purchaser or any other Subsidiary of
Parent shall acquire and own of record  at least ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding Shares
pursuant to the Top-Up Option or otherwise, and provided that the conditions
set forth in Article VII shall have been satisfied or waived, the Company,
Parent and Purchaser shall take all necessary and appropriate action to cause
the Merger to become effective within one (1) business day after such
acquisition, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, in
accordance with Section 253 of the DGCL.

-42-

6.6. Filings; Other Actions; Notification.

          (a) If required by applicable law, the Company and Parent shall jointly
prepare and the Company shall file with the SEC the Company Proxy Statement
relating to the Merger and, in accordance with the Exchange Act and the rules
of the SEC, as promptly as practicable after such filing will mail the Company
Proxy Statement to the stockholders of the Company.

          (b) From the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, each of the
parties shall cooperate with the other and use (and shall cause their
respective Subsidiaries to use) its commercially reasonable efforts to cause to
be done all things necessary, proper or advisable on its part under this
Agreement and applicable laws to consummate and make effective the Offer, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement as soon as
practicable, including preparing and filing as promptly as practicable all
documentation to effect all necessary notices, reports and other filings and to
obtain as promptly as practicable all consents, registrations, approvals,
permits and authorizations necessary or advisable to be obtained from any third
party and/or any Governmental Entity in order to consummate the Offer, the
Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, use all
commercially reasonable efforts to lift or rescind any injunction or
restraining order or other order adversely affecting the ability of the parties
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and use all commercially
reasonable efforts to defend any litigation seeking to enjoin, prevent or delay
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Parent shall not be required to
divest any of its businesses, product lines or assets, or the Companys or any
of its Subsidiaries respective businesses, product lines or assets or to
obtain any required approval of any Governmental Entity.

          (c) The Company and Parent each shall, upon request by the other, furnish
the other with all information concerning itself, its respective Subsidiaries,
directors, executive officers and stockholders and such other matters as may be
reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with the Schedule TO, Schedule
14D-9, the Offer Materials, the Company Proxy Statement or any other statement,
filing, notice or application made by or on behalf of Parent, the Company or
any of their respective Subsidiaries to any third party or any Governmental
Entity in connection with the Offer, the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

          (d) From the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, each of the
parties shall keep the other apprised of the status of matters relating to
completion of the transactions contemplated hereby, including promptly
furnishing the other with copies of notice or other communications received by
Parent or the Company, as the case may be, or any of its Subsidiaries, from any
third party or any Governmental Entity with respect to the Offer, the Merger
and the other

-43-

transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company and Parent each shall
give prompt notice to the other of any change that is reasonably likely to
result in a Company Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material Adverse Effect,
respectively. The Company and Parent shall each give prompt notice to the
other of any breach of any or their respective representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements contained herein.

          (e) From the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, each of the
parties shall promptly notify the other of any pending or, to the knowledge of
such party, threatened action, proceeding or investigation by any Governmental
Entity or any other Person (i) challenging or seeking damages in connection
with the Offer or the Merger or (ii) seeking to restrain, enjoin or prohibit
the consummation of the Offer, the Merger or the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.

6.7. Access to Information.

          From the date of this Agreement until the termination hereof, except as
otherwise required by applicable law, upon reasonable notice, the Company shall
(and shall cause its Subsidiaries to) afford Parents Representatives access,
during normal business hours, to its properties, books, contracts and records
and, during such period, the Company shall (and shall cause its Subsidiaries
to) furnish promptly to Parents Representatives all information concerning its
business, properties and personnel as may reasonably be requested, provided
that no investigation pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall require the Company to
permit any inspection, or to disclose any information, that (i) in the
reasonable judgment of the Company would result in the improper disclosure of
any trade secrets of third parties or violate any of its obligations with
respect to confidentiality if the Company shall have used all reasonable best
efforts to obtain the consent of such third party to such inspection or
disclosure, (ii) would violate any attorney-client privilege of the Company, or
(iii) contravene any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or binding
agreement entered into prior to the date of this Agreement. All requests for
information made pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall be directed to such person
as may be designated by the Company pursuant to Section 9.6 hereof. All such
information disclosed shall be governed by the terms of the Confidentiality
Agreement. No investigation by any of the parties or their respective
Representatives shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements of the other set forth herein.

6.8. Publicity.

          The Company and Parent shall consult with each other prior to issuing, and
will provide each other with a meaningful opportunity to review, comment upon
and concur with, any press releases or other public announcements with respect
to the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by

-44-

this Agreement, and prior to making any filings with any third party and/or any
Governmental Entity with respect thereto, except as may be required by law,
court process or by obligations pursuant to Nasdaq or the rules of any national
securities exchange or interdealer quotation service applicable to the Company
and Parent.

6.9. Benefits.

          (a) The Company shall take all necessary action to cause any 401(k) plan
sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to be
terminated at least one (1) day prior to the date that Parent and the Company
become members of a controlled group of corporations as described in Section
414(b) of the Code or become under common control as described in Section
414(c) of the Code and the Company shall provide Parent with a copy of
resolutions duly adopted by the Companys (or Company Subsidiary as applicable)
board of directors terminating such plan and amending any 401(k) plan sponsored
or maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries so as to assure its
continued qualified status under Section 401(a) of the Code on termination.

          (b) Parent agrees that, any employee of the Company and its Subsidiaries
who continues to be an employee of the Surviving Corporation or any of its
Subsidiaries (each, an Affected Employee) will be eligible for participation
in the compensation and benefits plans of Parent and its Subsidiaries under the
same criteria applied to similarly situated employees of Parent and its
Subsidiaries.

          (c) Parent will, or will cause the Surviving Corporation to, recognize the
employment service of each Affected Employee with the Company for purposes of
eligibility and vesting (but not benefit accrual) under any benefit plan of
Parent. Each Affected Employees years of service with the Company shall be
otherwise recognized for all general employment purposes including, without
limitation, vacation, personal time and similar general employment purposes,
provided, that any vacation offered by Parent or Surviving Corporation in the
calendar year of the Effective Time to any Affected Employee shall be offset by
any vacation time used by or paid to an Affected Employee by the Company in the
calendar year of the Effective Time. Each Affected Employee shall be eligible
for participation in the equity-related plans of Parent and its Subsidiaries
under the same criteria applied to similarly situated employees of Parent and
its Subsidiaries. The provisions of this Section 6.9 shall not create in any
current or former employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries any rights to
employment or continued employment with Parent, the Surviving Corporation or
the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or affiliates or any right
to specific terms or conditions of employment.

          (d) The Affected Employees shall continue to participate in the medical,
dental, health, cafeteria, life insurance and disability plans which, prior to
the Effective Time, were previously sponsored and maintained by the Company
(the

-45-

Surviving Corporation Benefit Plans). The Affected Employees shall
continue to participate in such Surviving Corporation Benefit Plans, without
any loss of coverage under any applicable Surviving Corporation Benefit Plan,
and in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Surviving Corporation
Benefit Plans through and until December 31, 2002, at which time it is
anticipated that the Affected Employees shall begin participation in the
benefit plans sponsored and maintained by the Parent (the Parent Benefit
Plans), provided, further, that the Affected Employees shall not be subject to
any limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions or waiting period
under the Parent Benefit Plans, other than limitations or waiting periods that
were in effect with respect to such Affected Employees that had not been
satisfied by the Affected Employees under the Surviving Corporations Benefit
Plans.

          (e) Following the Effective Time, Parent shall, or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, honor and maintain (i) all employment and
severance-related agreements in existence as of the date hereof and disclosed
on Section 4.9 of the Companys Disclosure Schedule between the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries and its Affected Employees (or an employee who terminates
employment prior to the Effective Time); (ii) all vacation and other leave
earned or accrued by, but not taken by or paid to, Affected Employees through
the Effective Time (as calculated or determined under policies or plans in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time); and (iii) all provisions in
the Company Compensation and Benefit Plans for vested benefits and other vested
amounts earned or accrued through the Effective Time. The preceding sentence
to the contrary notwithstanding, nothing set forth herein shall impair or
otherwise affect the rights of Parent or the Surviving Corporation or their
affiliates to amend, suspend or terminate any such agreement, policy or plan in
accordance with its terms as in effect from time to time.

          (f) Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, fund an
amount not less than $1.2 million, in the aggregate, for purposes of payment of
annual compensation bonuses for the current fiscal year and retention bonuses
(collectively, the Total Bonus Amount), to those Affected Employees set forth
on Section 4.9 of the Companys Disclosure Schedule and within the ranges for
each Affected Employee set forth thereon. Such amounts shall be timely funded
by Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, to enable the Total
Bonus Amount to be payable as set forth below and shall be allocated, within
the ranges set forth on Section 4.9 of the Companys Disclosure Schedule as to
each Affected Employee, in the discretion of the Companys Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Operating Officer, or his designee. Fifty percent (50%) of
each Affected Employees Total Bonus Amount shall be attributable to their
compensation bonus for the current fiscal year, which shall be paid by Parent
or the Surviving Company, as the case may be, to each Affected Employee in
accordance with the Companys historical practice. The remaining fifty percent
(50%) of each Affected Employees Total Bonus Amount shall be allocated to
their retention bonus, and shall be payable by Parent or the Surviving
Corporation, as the case may be, upon the earlier of (i) one

-46-

hundred twenty (120) days following the Effective Time, provided the Affected
Employee is still employed by the Surviving Corporation, Parent or an affiliate
of Parent on such date, or (ii) upon termination of such Affected Employees
employment by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any affiliate thereof, as
the case may be, without cause, provided that if such Affected Employees
employment by the Surviving Corporation, Parent or any affiliate of Parent,
terminates prior to the date one hundred twenty (120) days from the Effective
Time for reasons other than termination without cause by Surviving Corporation,
Parent or any affiliate of Parent, such Affected Employee shall forfeit all
rights to the payment of any retention bonus pursuant to Section 6.9(f). In
addition, with respect to the next fiscal year of the Company, Parent shall
ensure that such Affected Employees are provided bonus opportunities that are
comparable to those in effect at such time for similarly situated employees of
Parent or its affiliates.

6.10. Expenses.

          Except as otherwise provided in Section 8.2(b), whether or not the Offer
or the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement, the Offer and the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party incurring such
expense, except that expenses incurred in connection with printing and mailing
of the Company Proxy Statement shall be shared equally by Parent and the
Company.

6.11. Indemnification; Directors and Officers Insurance.

          (a) The certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation shall contain provisions with respect to indemnification no more
restrictive in scope and no less favorable to the Indemnified Parties (as
defined below) as set forth in the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of
the Company on the date of this Agreement, which provisions shall not be
amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six (6) years after the
Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder
of the Indemnified Parties under the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of
the Company in respect of actions or omissions occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time (including, without limitation, the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement), unless such modification is required by applicable law.

          (b) From and after the Effective Time, Parent agrees that it will
indemnify and hold harmless each present and former director and officer of the
Company, (when acting in such capacity) determined as of the Effective Time
(each, an Indemnified Party and, collectively, the Indemnified Parties),
against any costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and
expenses), judgments, fines, losses, amounts paid in settlement claims, damages
or liabilities (collectively, Costs) incurred in connection with any claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation, actual or threatened, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or

-47-

investigative (a Claim), in whole or in part based on or arising in whole or
in part out of matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time,
whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time, to the
fullest extent that the Company would have been permitted under the DGCL and
its certificate of incorporation and bylaws in effect on the date hereof to
indemnify such Person (and Parent shall also advance expenses as incurred to
the fullest extent permitted under applicable law provided the Person to whom
expenses are advanced provides an undertaking to repay such advances if it is
ultimately determined that such Person is not entitled to indemnification under
the DGCL).

          (c) Parent shall cause to be maintained, for a period of not less than six
(6) years from the Effective Time, the Companys current directors and
officers liability insurance policy to the extent that it provides coverage
for events occurring prior to the Effective Time (the D&O Insurance) for all
present and former directors and officers of the Company or any Subsidiary
thereof, so long as the aggregate premium therefor would not be in excess of
Four Million Dollars ($4,000,000) (the Maximum Premium); provided that Parent
may, in lieu of maintaining such existing D&O Insurance as provided above,
cause no less favorable coverage to be provided under any policy maintained for
the benefit of the directors and officers of Parent or a separate policy
provided by the same insurer. If the existing D&O Insurance expires, is
terminated or canceled by the insurer or if the aggregate premium would exceed
the Maximum Premium, Parent shall obtain, in lieu of such D&O Insurance, the
maximum directors and officers liability insurance coverage that can be
obtained for the remainder of such period by paying the Maximum Premium,
provided that aggregate premiums payable by Parent for the D&O Insurance
pursuant to this Section 6.11(c) shall in no event exceed the Maximum Premium.

          (d) In the event Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their
respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other
Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially
all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, to
the extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, assume the
obligations set forth in this Section 6.11.

          (e) The provisions of this Section 6.11 are in addition to the rights that
an Indemnified Party may have under the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or
agreements of or with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or under
applicable law. Parent agrees to pay all costs and expenses (including
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) that may be incurred by any
Indemnified Party in successfully enforcing the indemnity or other obligations
under this Section 6.11. The provisions of this Section 6.11 shall survive the
Merger and are intended to be for the benefit

-48-

of, and shall be enforceable by, each of the Indemnified Parties, their heirs
and their representatives.

6.12. HSR Act; Antitrust Matters.

          (a) Parent, Purchaser and the Company (to the extent required pursuant to
the HSR Act) promptly will complete all documents required to be filed with the
Federal Trade Commission and the United States Department of Justice in order
to comply with the HSR Act within ten (10) business days of the date hereof,
together with the Persons who are required to join in such filings, shall file
the same with the appropriate Governmental Entities as well as any other
Governmental Entity with which a filing is required in order to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Parent, Purchaser and the Company
shall furnish promptly all materials thereafter required by any of the
Governmental Entities having jurisdiction over such filings, and shall take all
reasonable actions and shall file and use reasonable efforts to have declared
effective or approved all documents and notifications with any such
Governmental Entity, as may be required under the HSR Act or other Federal
antitrust or other applicable laws for the consummation of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby. Each party shall promptly inform the
other party of any communication with, and any proposed understanding,
undertaking, or agreement with, any Governmental Entity regarding any such
filings or any such transaction.

          (b) Each of Parent and the Company shall use all commercially reasonable
efforts to resolve such objections, if any, as may be asserted by any
Governmental Entity with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement under the HSR Act, the Sherman Act, as amended, the Clayton Act, as
amended, the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, and any other Federal,
state or foreign statutes, rules, regulations, orders or decrees that are
designed to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect
of monopolization or restraint of trade (collectively, Antitrust Laws). In
connection therewith, if any administrative or judicial action or proceeding is
instituted (or threatened to be instituted) challenging any transaction
contemplated by this Agreement as violative of any Antitrust Law, and, if by
mutual agreement, Parent and the Company decide that litigation is in their
best interests, each of Parent and the Company shall cooperate and use all
reasonable efforts vigorously to contest and resist any such action or
proceeding and to have vacated, lifted, reversed, or overturned any decree,
judgment, injunction or other order, whether temporary, preliminary or
permanent, that is in effect and that prohibits, prevents, or restricts
consummation of any such transaction. Each of Parent and the Company shall use
all commercially reasonable efforts to take such action as may be required to
cause the expiration of the notice periods under the HSR Act or other Antitrust
Laws, if applicable, with respect to such transactions as promptly as possible
after the execution of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, Parent shall not be required to divest any of its
businesses, product lines or assets, or the Companys or

-49-

any of its Subsidiaries respective businesses, product lines or assets or to
obtain any required approval of any Governmental Entity.

6.13. Takeover Statute.

          If any Takeover Statute is or may become applicable to the Offer, the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each of Parent
and the Company and its respective Boards of Directors shall grant such
approvals and take such actions as are necessary so that such transactions may
be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of such
statute or regulation on such transactions.

ARTICLE VII

CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER

7.1. Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to Effect the Merger.

          The respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to
the satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the Effective Time of each of the
following conditions:

          (a) 
Stockholder Approval
. To the extent required by applicable law, the
Merger shall have been duly approved by holders of Shares constituting the
Company Requisite Vote in accordance with the DGCL and shall have been duly
approved by Purchaser in accordance with applicable law.

          (b) 
Consummation of the Offer. 
Purchaser shall have accepted for payment
and paid for all Shares validly tendered pursuant to the Offer and not
withdrawn; provided however, that neither Parent or Purchaser may invoke the
condition if Purchaser shall have failed to purchase Shares so tendered and not
withdrawn in violation of the terms of this Agreement or the Offer.

          (c) 
No Order
. No court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction
shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any law, statute,
ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other order
(whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and restrains,
enjoins or otherwise prohibits consummation of the Merger and no Governmental
Entity shall have instituted any proceeding which continues to be pending
seeking any such Order or challenging in any manner the transactions
contemplated hereby, provided however, that the parties shall use their
commercially reasonable efforts to cause any such Order to be vacated or lifted
or such institutional proceedings be dismissed.

-50-

ARTICLE VIII

TERMINATION

8.1. Termination Rights.

          This Agreement may be terminated prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after approval of this Agreement and the Merger by the stockholders
of the Company, as follows:

          (a) By mutual written consent, approved by the Boards of Directors of the
Company and Parent;

          (b) by either Parent or the Company if:

          (i) (A) the Offer is terminated, withdrawn or expires pursuant to its
terms without any Shares having been purchased thereunder, or (B) Purchaser
shall not have purchased the Shares under the Offer prior to January 13, 2003
(the Termination Date); provided, however, that neither Parent nor the
Company may terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(b)(i) if such
party has materially breached its obligations under this Agreement, which
material breach has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Offer
to have been consummated by such date or, in the case of Parent or Purchaser,
if Parent or Purchaser is in material violation of the terms of the Offer; or

          (ii) (A) a Governmental Entity shall have issued an Order, or taken any
other action, in any case having the effect of permanently restraining,
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Offer or the Merger, which Order is
final and non-appealable, or (B) a court of competent jurisdiction institutes
an Order prohibiting the consummation of the Offer or the Merger, provided that
the Order is non-appealable and not the result of an action or proceeding
instituted by the terminating party and, prior to such termination, the parties
shall have used their commercially reasonable efforts to resist, resolve or
lift, as applicable, such Order; provided that the right to terminate this
Agreement under this Section 8.1(b)(ii) shall not be available to any party
whose material breach of any obligation under this Agreement has been the cause
of, or resulted in, such action or inaction as the case may be; or

          (c) by Parent prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer if:

          (i) the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof shall
have (A) withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Parent or Purchaser
(including but not limited to by amendment of the Schedule 14D-9) its approval
or recommendation of the Offer, this Agreement or the Merger, (B) failed to
mail the Schedule 14D-9 as required by Section 1.2 to its stockholders or
failed to include in

-51-

the Schedule 14D-9 (or allow Parent to include the recommendation of the
Companys Board of Directors in the Offer Documents) its approval or
recommendation of the Offer, this Agreement or the Merger, (C) approved,
recommended or announced a neutral position with respect to any Acquisition
Proposal, (D) not reaffirmed its recommendation of the Offer within ten (10)
days following publication or mailing of an Acquisition Proposal to the
stockholders of the Company; or (E) resolved to do any of the foregoing;

          (ii) (A) there shall be a material breach of any representation or
warranty of the Company in this Agreement, or a non-material breach of a
representation or warranty of the Company in this Agreement that is qualified
as to a Company Material Adverse Effect, or (B) there shall be a material
breach by the Company of any of its covenants or agreement contained in this
Agreement, which breach, in the case of clause (A) or (B), either is not
reasonably capable of being cured or, if it is reasonably capable of being
cured, has not been cured within the earlier of (x) fifteen (15) days after
giving of written notice to the Company of such breach and (y) the Termination
Date; provided, that Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 8.1(c)(ii) if Parent or Purchaser is in material breach of this
Agreement at the time of such attempted termination; or

          (iii) the Company enters into a definitive agreement with respect to an
Acquisition Proposal;

          (d) by the Company prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer
if:

          (i) Parent or Purchaser shall have (A) failed to commence the Offer in
accordance with Section 1.1 of this Agreement, (B) made any change to the Offer
in contravention of this Agreement, or (C) failed to purchase validly tendered
Shares in violation of the terms of the Offer within ten (10) business days
after the Expiration Date of the Offer, unless either such failure shall have
been caused by any material breach by the Company of its obligations under the
Agreement; or

          (ii) (A) there shall be a material breach of any representation or
warranty of Parent or Purchaser in this Agreement, or a nonmaterial breach of a
representation or warranty of Parent in this Agreement that is qualified as to
a Parent Material Adverse Effect, or (B) there shall be a material breach by
Parent or Purchaser of any of their respective covenants or agreements
contained in this Agreement, which breach, in the case of clause (A) or (B),
either is not reasonably capable of being cured or, if it is reasonably capable
of being cured, has not been cured within the earlier of (x) fifteen (15) days
after giving of written notice to Parent of such breach and (y) the Termination
Date; provided, that the Company may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to
this Section 8.1(d)(ii) if the Company is in material breach of this Agreement
at the time of such attempted termination; or

-52-

          (iii) the Company has received and evaluated a Superior Proposal in
compliance with Section 6.4(a)(2) and intends to enter into a definitive
agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal in accordance with Section
6.4(a)(3) concurrently with or immediately following such termination, provided
that the Company makes payment of the Termination Fee in accordance with
Section 8.2 hereof.

8.2. Effect of Termination.

          (a) Except as provided in Sections 6.10 and 8.2(b), in the event of a
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1 hereof, each party shall
pay the costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with this Agreement,
and no party (or any of its Representatives or stockholders) shall be liable to
any other party for any costs, expenses, damage or loss of anticipated profits
hereunder. Except as provided in Section 8.2(b), in the event of the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1, this Agreement shall
forthwith become void, there shall be no liability on the part of Parent,
Purchaser or the Company or any of their respective officers or directors to
the other parties hereto and all rights and obligations of any party hereto
shall cease, except that nothing herein shall relieve any party for any willful
breach of this Agreement.

          (b) The Company shall pay to Parent (i) all reasonable costs and expenses
of Parent and Purchaser incurred in connection with the negotiation and
performance of this Agreement including without limitation fees and expenses of
counsel, fees and expenses of independent public accountants, printing expenses
and registration fees, in an amount not to exceed $500,000 and (ii) a fee in
the amount of $1,500,000 (the Termination Fee),

          (i) if this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section
8.1(d)(iii);

          (ii) if this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Sections
8.1(c)(i) or (iii);

          (iii) if this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section
8.1(c)(ii), but only if (A) after the date hereof and prior to such
termination, an Acquisition Proposal had been publicly announced and not
withdrawn or abandoned at the time of termination, and (B) within one hundred
eighty (180) days after such termination, the Company enters into a definitive
agreement with respect to such Acquisition Proposal;

provided however that in no event shall Purchaser be entitled to receive
payment of more than one Termination Fee hereunder.

-53-

          (c) The Termination Fee shall be made by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to Parent (i) in the case of a termination described in Section
8.2(b)(i), concurrent with such termination, (ii) in the case of a termination
described in Section 8.2(b)(ii), on the next business day following the date of
termination, and (iii) in the case of a termination described in Section
8.2(b)(iii), no later than the date of the event set forth in subclause (B) of
Section 8.2(b)(iii).

          (d) The parties hereto agree that the provisions contained in this Section
8.2 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
that the damages resulting from termination of this Agreement where a
Termination Fee is payable are uncertain and incapable of accurate calculation
and that the amounts payable pursuant to Section 8.2(b) are reasonable
forecasts of the actual damages which may be incurred by the parties under such
circumstances.

ARTICLE IX

MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL

9.1. Survival.

          This Article IX and the agreements of the Company, Parent and Purchaser
contained in Sections 6.9 (Benefits) and 6.11 (Indemnification; Directors and
Officers Insurance) shall survive the consummation of the Merger. This
Article IX and the agreements of the Company, Parent and Purchaser contained in
Sections 6.10 (Expenses), and Section 8.2 (Effect of Termination) shall survive
the termination of this Agreement. All other representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in this Agreement shall not survive the consummation
of the Merger or the termination of this Agreement.

9.2. Modification or Amendment.

          Subject to the provisions of the applicable law, at any time prior to the
Effective Time, the parties hereto may modify or amend this Agreement, by
written agreement executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the
respective parties, provided, however, that, after approval of this Agreement
and the Merger by the stockholders of the Company, no amendment may be made
without stockholder approval which would reduce the amount or change the type
of consideration into which each Share shall be converted pursuant to this
Agreement upon consummation of the Merger.

-54-

9.3. Waiver of Conditions.

          The conditions to each of the parties obligations to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby are for the sole benefit of such party and may
be waived by such party in whole or in part to the extent permitted by
applicable law.

9.4. Counterparts.

          This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such
counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such
counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement.

9.5. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial.

          (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE IN AND IN ALL RESPECTS SHALL
BE INTERPRETED, CONSTRUED AND GOVERNED BY AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE
STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

          (b) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY
ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT
ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT,
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) EACH PARTY
UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (iii) EACH
PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.5.

9.6. Notices.

          Any notice, request, instruction or other document to be given hereunder
by any party to the others shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
delivered personally or by commercial delivery service, or sent via telecopy
(receipt confirmed) to the parties at the following addresses or telecopy
numbers (or

-55-

at such other address or telecopy numbers for a party as shall be specified by
like notice):

if to Parent or Purchaser:

John D. Thompson

Invitrogen Corporation

1600 Faraday Avenue

Carlsbad, California 92008

Telephone No.:
(760) 603-7200

Telecopy No.: (760) 603-7229

Copy to:

Jeffrey T. Baglio, Esq.

Gray Cary Ware & Friedenrich LLP

4365 Executive Drive, Suite 1100

San Diego, California 92121

Telephone No.: (858) 677-1400

Telecopy No.: (858) 677-1477

if to the Company:

InforMax, Inc.

7600 Wisconsin Avenue

Bethesda, Maryland 20814

Attn: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer

Telephone No.: (240) 747-4077

Telecopy No.: (240) 747-4017

Copy to:

Michael J. Silver, Esq.,

Hogan & Hartson L.L.P.

111 South Calvert Street

Baltimore, Maryland 21202

Telephone No.: (410) 659-2741

Telecopy No.: (410) 539-6981

or to such other Persons or addresses as may be designated in writing by the
party to receive such notice as provided above.

-56-

9.7. Entire Agreement; No Other Representations.

          This Agreement (including any Schedules and Annexes hereto) constitutes
the entire agreement, and supersedes all other prior agreements,
understandings, representations and warranties both written and oral, among the
parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided that this
Agreement shall not supersede or in any way modify the terms of the
Confidentiality Agreement.

9.8. No Third Party Beneficiaries.

          Except as provided in Section 6.11 (Indemnification; Directors and
Officers Insurance), and Section 6.9 (Benefits) this Agreement is not intended
to confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies
hereunder.

9.9. Severability.

          The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity
or enforceability or the other provisions hereof. If any provision of this
Agreement, or the application thereof to any Person or any circumstance, is
invalid or unenforceable, (a) a suitable and equitable provision shall be
substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and
enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable provision
and (b) the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision
to other Persons or circumstances shall not be affected by such invalidity or
unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or unenforceability affect the
validity or enforceability of such provision, or the application thereof, in
any other jurisdiction.

9.10. Interpretation.

          The  and headings herein are for convenience of reference
only, do not constitute part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit
or otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof. Where a reference in this
Agreement is made to a Section or Annex, such reference shall be to a Section
of, or Annex to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Whenever the words
include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be
deemed to be followed by the words without limitation.

9.11. Assignment.

          This Agreement shall not be assignable by operation of law or otherwise;
provided, however, that Parent may designate, by written notice to the

-57-

Company, another wholly-owned direct or indirect Subsidiary to be a party to
the Merger in lieu of Purchaser, in which event all references herein to
Purchaser shall be deemed references to such other Subsidiary, except that all
representations and warranties made herein with respect to Purchaser as of the
date of this Agreement shall be deemed representations and warranties made with
respect to such other Subsidiary as of the date of such designation.

9.12. Definitions

          (a) 
Location of Certain Definitions.

Section

Acquisition Proposal

6.4(a)

Affected Employee

6.9(b)

Agreement

Preamble

Antitrust Laws

6.12(b)

Certificate

3.1(a)

Certificate of Merger

1.7

Claim

6.11(b)

Closing

1.6

Closing Date

1.6

Code

3.6

Company

Preamble

Company Common Stock

Recitals

Company Compensation and Benefit Plans

4.9(a)

Company Disclosure Schedule

Preamble to Article IV

Company Material Adverse Effect

9.12(b)

Company Material Contracts

4.17

Company Option; Options

3.3(a)

Company Option Plans

3.3(a)

Company Proxy Statement

4.20

Company Requisite Vote

4.4

Company Rights Agreem