URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1014955/000091205702040816/0000912057-02-040816.txt

	CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803-4194
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6176745000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 MALL RD
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803-4194

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OBJECT DESIGN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960520

PREM14A

a2092304zprem14a.txt

PRE 14A

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                  SCHEDULE 14A

      PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
                                   ACT OF 1934

Filed by the Registrant /X/ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant / /
Check the appropriate box:

/X/      Preliminary Proxy Statement

/ /      CONFIDENTIAL, FOR USE OF THE COMMISSION ONLY (AS PERMITTED BY RULE
         14a-6(e)(2))

/ /      Definitive Proxy Statement

/ /      Definitive Additional Materials

/ /      Soliciting Material Pursuant to ss.240.14a-12

                               EXCELON CORPORATION
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

/ /      No fee required.

/X/      Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and
         0-11.

         1)       Title of each class of securities to which transaction
                  applies: Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

         2)       Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
                  9,094,867 shares

         3)       Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction
                  computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the
                  amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it
                  was determined): The filing fee of $4,788 was calculated
                  pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11(c)(1) by taking 1/50(th) of
                  1% of the sum of (A) the proposed cash payment of $23,697,674,
                  obtained by multiplying the 7,428,738 outstanding shares
                  of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of eXcelon
                  Corporation, by the $3.19 per share purchase price and (B)
                  $243,849, which is anticipated to be paid to persons holding
                  options to acquire shares of Common Stock in consideration of
                  cancellation of such options (assuming an aggregate of
                  1,666,129 options are canceled in the transaction).

         4)       Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: $23,941,523

         5)       Total fee paid: $4,788

/ /      Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

/ /      Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act
         Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee
         was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration
         statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

         1)       Amount Previously Paid:

         2)       Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

         3)       Filing Party:

         4)       Date Filed:

                              EXCELON CORPORATION
                                  25 MALL ROAD
                        BURLINGTON, MASSACHUSETTS 01803

                            ------------------------

                 A MERGER PROPOSAL--YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

To our Stockholders:

    On behalf of eXcelon's board of directors, I am pleased to invite you to
attend a special meeting of stockholders. The special meeting will be held on
            , 2002 at 10:00 a.m. at our headquarters located at 25 Mall Road,
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803.

    Details regarding admission to the special meeting and the business to be
conducted are more fully described in the accompanying Notice of Special Meeting
and proxy statement.

    The purpose of the special meeting is to consider and act upon a proposal to
approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 18,
2002, by and among eXcelon, Progress Software Corporation and Chopin Merger
Sub, Inc., pursuant to which eXcelon stockholders will receive $3.19 per share
for their shares of eXcelon common stock and eXcelon will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Progress Software. The attached proxy statement describes these
matters in detail. We urge you to review the attached materials carefully and to
use this opportunity to take part in eXcelon's affairs by voting on the matters
described in this proxy statement. We hope that you will be able to attend the
special meeting.

    Stockholder approval of the merger agreement is required to complete the
merger. Completion of the proposed merger is also subject to the satisfaction or
valid waiver of a number of conditions, including among others, obtaining
certain necessary consents and approvals.

    AFTER CAREFUL CONSIDERATION, EXCELON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY
APPROVED THE MERGER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER AND
THE MERGER AGREEMENT ARE ADVISABLE, FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF
EXCELON AND EXCELON'S STOCKHOLDERS. EXCELON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT
EXCELON'S STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER
AGREEMENT.

    Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the special
meeting, I hope you will vote as soon as possible. You may vote in person or by
mailing a proxy card. Voting by written proxy will ensure your representation at
the special meeting if you do not attend in person. Please review the
instructions on the proxy card regarding each of these voting options. Please do
not send any stock certificates at this time.

    Thank you for your ongoing support of and continued interest in eXcelon
Corporation.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          Joseph M. Bellini
                                          CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

THIS MERGER HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION, NOR HAS THE COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE FAIRNESS OR MERITS OF THE
TRANSACTION, NOR UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN
THIS DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS UNLAWFUL.

This proxy statement is dated November   , 2002 and is first being mailed to
stockholders of eXcelon on or about November   , 2002

                                PRELIMINARY COPY

                              EXCELON CORPORATION
                                  25 MALL ROAD
                        BURLINGTON, MASSACHUSETTS 01803
                                  781 674-5000

                            ------------------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                             ---------------------

TIME......................................  10:00 a.m. on               , 2002

PLACE.....................................  eXcelon Corporation
                                            25 Mall Road
                                            Burlington, Massachusetts 01803

ITEMS OF BUSINESS.........................  (1)  To approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of
                                            Merger, dated as of October 18, 2002, among eXcelon,
                                            Progress Software Corporation and Chopin Merger
                                            Sub, Inc., (a wholly owned subsidiary of Progress
                                            Software) pursuant to which Chopin Merger Sub, Inc. will
                                            be merged with and into eXcelon and eXcelon will become
                                            a wholly owned subsidiary of Progress Software, as more
                                            fully described in the attached proxy statement; and

                                            (2)  Any other business that may properly come before
                                            the special meeting or any adjournment of the special
                                            meeting.

RECORD DATE...............................  You are entitled to vote if you were a stockholder at
                                            the close of business on November 7, 2002.

MEETING ADMISSION.........................  The special meeting will begin promptly at 10:00 a.m.

VOTING BY PROXY...........................  Please submit a proxy as soon as possible so that your
                                            shares can be voted at the special meeting in accordance
                                            with your instructions. You may submit your proxy by
                                            mail. For specific instructions, refer to the
                                            information beginning on page 38 of this proxy statement
                                            and the instructions on the proxy card.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                          Clifford B. Thompson
                                          GENERAL COUNSEL AND SECRETARY

November   , 2002

                               

SUMMARY TERM SHEET..........................................    1
SUMMARY.....................................................    3
  The Companies.............................................    3
  The Merger................................................    3
  Voting Rights and Procedures..............................    4
  Conditions to Completion of the Merger....................    4
  Termination of the Merger Agreement.......................    5
  Payment of Fees Upon Termination..........................    5
  What Happens if eXcelon Receives a Better Offer?..........    6
  Recommendation of the eXcelon Board of Directors..........    6
  Opinion of Financial Advisor to eXcelon...................    6
  Interests of Certain Persons..............................    6
  Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences...................    7
  Appraisal Rights..........................................    7
  Financing for the Merger..................................    7
  The Stockholders' Agreements..............................    7
  The Option Agreement......................................    7
  Proxy Solicitor...........................................    8
  Recent Developments.......................................    8
RISK FACTORS................................................    9
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS...    9
THE MERGER..................................................   10
  Background of the Merger..................................   10
  Reasons for the Merger....................................   14
  Opinion of Financial Advisor to eXcelon...................   16
  Regulatory Approvals......................................   22
  Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences...................   22
  Accounting Matters........................................   23
  Effects of the Merger.....................................   23
  Financing for the Merger..................................   23
THE MERGER AGREEMENT........................................   24
  The Merger................................................   24
  Effective Time of the Merger..............................   24
  Merger Consideration......................................   24
  Treatment of eXcelon Options and Employee Stock Purchase     24
    Plan....................................................
  Representations and Warranties............................   25
  Conduct of Business of eXcelon............................   26
  No Solicitation...........................................   27
  Tender Offer Option.......................................   28
  Additional Covenants......................................   28
  Conditions to Completion of the Merger....................   29
  Termination of the Merger Agreement; Termination Fee......   31
  Fees and Expenses.........................................   31
  Amendment and Waiver......................................   32
THE STOCKHOLDERS' AGREEMENTS................................   32
THE OPTION AGREEMENT........................................   33
INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS................................   34
  Employment Agreements and Change of Control Provisions....   34
  eXcelon Stock Options and Shares of Common Stock..........   37
  Indemnification of Directors and Officers.................   37
  Stockholders' Agreements..................................   37

VOTING RIGHTS AND PROCEDURES................................   38
  Date, Time and Place of Special Meeting...................   38
  What You Will Vote On.....................................   38
  Recommendation of eXcelon's Board of Directors............   38
  Only eXcelon Stockholders of Record as of November 7, 2002   38
    Are Entitled to Vote....................................
  Votes Required............................................   38
  Voting Your Shares and Changing Your Vote.................   39
  Transmittal of Stock Certificates.........................   39
  Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses......................   40
PRICE RANGE OF EXCELON COMMON STOCK.........................   40
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND            41
  MANAGEMENT................................................
APPRAISAL RIGHTS............................................   42
OTHER MATTERS...............................................   46
  Inspector of Election.....................................   46
  Future Stockholder Proposals..............................   46
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.........................   46

Appendix A:  Agreement and Plan of Merger among eXcelon Corporation,
             Progress Software Corporation and Chopin Merger Sub, Inc.,
             dated as of October 18, 2002

Appendix B:  Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law

Appendix C:  Form of Stockholder's Agreement, dated as of October 18,
             2002, executed by all eXcelon directors

Appendix D:  Form of Stockholder's Agreement, dated as of October 18,
             2002, executed by the entities affiliated with InSight
             Capital Partners

Appendix E:  Option Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2002

Appendix F:  Opinion of SG Cowen, dated October 18, 2002

    All share information presented in this proxy statement reflects eXcelon's
October 7, 2002 one-for-eight reverse stock split.

                                PRELIMINARY COPY

                              EXCELON CORPORATION

                                ----------------

                                PROXY STATEMENT
                        SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                                            , 2002

                             ---------------------

                               SUMMARY TERM SHEET

    This summary term sheet highlights selected information contained in this
proxy statement and may not contain all of the information that is important to
you. We urge you to read this entire proxy statement carefully, including the
attached appendices. In this proxy statement, the terms "eXcelon," "we," "us"
and "our" refer to eXcelon Corporation.

    - STOCKHOLDER VOTE--You are being asked to approve and adopt the merger
      agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, by
      which Progress Software Corporation will acquire eXcelon through a merger
      of Chopin Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Progress
      Software, with and into eXcelon. eXcelon will survive the merger as a
      wholly owned subsidiary of Progress Software. The merger agreement must be
      approved and adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
      outstanding shares of eXcelon common stock. Accordingly, if you fail to
      respond or abstain from voting, it will have the same effect as a vote
      against the merger agreement and the merger. See "Voting Rights and
      Procedures."

    - RECOMMENDATION--The board of directors of eXcelon has determined that the
      merger is advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of eXcelon and
      eXcelon's stockholders, has unanimously approved the merger agreement and
      the merger and recommends that the eXcelon stockholders vote FOR the
      adoption of the merger agreement and the merger. See "The Merger--Reasons
      for the Merger."

    - PAYMENT--In the merger, each share of eXcelon common stock owned by
      eXcelon's public stockholders will be converted into the right to receive
      $3.19 in cash, without interest, except for shares held by stockholders
      who perfect appraisal rights under Delaware law. You will not own any
      eXcelon common stock after completion of the merger, even if you demand
      and perfect appraisal rights under Delaware law. See "The Merger
      Agreement--Merger Consideration."

    - TREATMENT OF OPTIONS--Each option to purchase shares of eXcelon common
      stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger
      with an exercise price of less than $3.19 will be canceled at the
      effective time of the merger in exchange for a payment (subject to any
      applicable withholding taxes) equal to the product of (1) the total number
      of shares of eXcelon common stock subject to the stock option and (2) the
      excess of $3.19 over the exercise price per share of eXcelon common stock
      subject to the stock option, payable in cash immediately following the
      merger. All other outstanding options to purchase eXcelon common stock
      will be canceled without any payment or other consideration. See "The
      Merger Agreement--Treatment of eXcelon Options and Employee Stock Purchase
      Plan."

    - TAX CONSEQUENCES--Generally, the merger will be taxable for U.S. federal
      income tax purposes. You will recognize gain or loss in the amount of the
      difference between the $3.19 cash price per share proposed to be paid
      pursuant to the merger and your adjusted tax basis for each share of

      eXcelon common stock that you own. See "The Merger--Certain Federal Income
      Tax Consequences."

    - CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER--The merger agreement and the transactions
      contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to adoption and approval
      by eXcelon's stockholders in accordance with applicable law, as well as
      the satisfaction or valid waiver of other conditions, including obtaining
      necessary consents and approvals. See "The Merger Agreement--Conditions to
      Completion of the Merger."

    - APPRAISAL RIGHTS--Stockholders who neither vote in favor of nor consent in
      writing to the merger will be entitled to seek an appraisal of the "fair
      value" of their shares under Delaware law, exclusive of any element of
      value arising from the expectation or accomplishment of the merger. In
      order to perfect the right to an appraisal, a stockholder must submit a
      timely written demand for appraisal and otherwise comply with the
      applicable requirements of Delaware law. See "Appraisal Rights."

    - STOCKHOLDERS' AGREEMENTS--Some eXcelon stockholders have agreed to vote
      their eXcelon shares in favor of the merger. As of November 1, 2002, these
      stockholders owned (either beneficially or of record) 658,442 shares of
      eXcelon common stock, constituting approximately 8.86% of the outstanding
      eXcelon common stock. See "The Stockholders' Agreements."

    - OPTION AGREEMENT--eXcelon and Progress Software entered into a stock
      option agreement under which eXcelon granted to Progress Software an
      irrevocable option, exercisable in limited circumstances, to purchase
      shares of eXcelon common stock representing approximately 19.9% of the
      outstanding shares of eXcelon common stock. See "The Option Agreement."

                                    SUMMARY

    THE FOLLOWING IS A BRIEF SUMMARY OF INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT. YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THIS ENTIRE DOCUMENT AND THE OTHER
DOCUMENTS TO WHICH THIS DOCUMENT REFERS.

THE COMPANIES

EXCELON CORPORATION
25 Mall Road
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
Telephone: (781) 674-5000
www.exln.com

    eXcelon was founded in 1988, as Object Design, Inc. eXcelon completed its
initial public offering in July 1996. eXcelon is a provider of data management
software designed to accelerate the performance of distributed applications that
are built using Extensible Markup Language and Java and that are deployed on
market-leading software platforms. Our customers include leaders in their
respective industries, such as Philips, Amazon.com, Swiss Re: Life and Health
and NTT DoCoMo.

PROGRESS SOFTWARE CORPORATION
14 Oak Park
Bedford, Massachusetts 01730
Telephone: (781) 280-4000
www.progress.com

    Founded in 1981, Progress Software Corporation develops, markets and
supports application development, deployment, integration and management
software. Progress Software Corporation is the parent organization for the
Progress Company operating unit, which provides OpenEdge, an e-business platform
that includes the Progress RDBMS, and Sonic Software Corporation, a leading
provider of standards-based integration products for the real-time enterprise.
Other operating units include PeerDirect Corporation, NuSphere Corporation, and
PSC Labs.

CHOPIN MERGER SUB, INC.
14 Oak Park
Bedford, Massachusetts 01730
Telephone: (781) 280-4000

    Chopin Merger Sub is a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Progress Software. Chopin Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose of
entering into the merger agreement and being merged with and into eXcelon and
has not conducted any business operations.

THE MERGER (PAGE 10)

    Under the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as October 18,
2002, among eXcelon, Progress Software and Chopin Merger Sub (referred to as the
"merger agreement"), Chopin Merger Sub will merge with and into eXcelon, and
eXcelon will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Progress Software. Upon the
merger, each share of eXcelon common stock will convert automatically into the
right to receive $3.19 in cash, without interest, except for shares held by
eXcelon, Progress Software or any of their wholly owned subsidiaries, which will
be canceled without payment, and except for shares held by stockholders who
properly perfect their appraisal rights under Delaware law, who will be entitled
to an appraisal by the Delaware Court of Chancery to determine the "fair value"
of those shares in accordance with Delaware law, exclusive of any element of
value arising from the expectation or accomplishment of the merger.

    All options to purchase shares of eXcelon common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger with an exercise price of
less than $3.19 per share will be canceled at the effective time of the merger
in exchange for a payment (subject to any applicable withholding taxes) equal to
the product of (1) the total number of shares of eXcelon common stock subject to
the stock option and (2) the excess of $3.19 over the exercise price per share
of eXcelon common stock subject to the stock option, payable in cash immediately
following the merger. All other options for eXcelon common stock will be
canceled in the merger without any payment or other consideration.

VOTING RIGHTS AND PROCEDURES (PAGE 38)

    At the special meeting of stockholders, which will take place on
            , 2002 (referred to as the "special meeting"), you will be entitled
to one vote per share of eXcelon common stock you held of record as of the close
of business on November 7, 2002 (referred to as the "record date"). The merger
agreement must be approved and adopted by the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority of the outstanding common stock. On the record date, there were
        shares of eXcelon common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.
Some eXcelon stockholders, including all the directors and some executive
officers of eXcelon and the entities affiliated with InSight Capital Partners,
have agreed to vote their eXcelon shares (representing approximately     % of
the outstanding eXcelon shares as of the record date) in favor of the merger.

    In order for business to be conducted at the special meeting, a quorum must
be present. A quorum consists of the holders of a majority of the shares of
common stock issued and outstanding on the record date and entitled to vote.
Shares of common stock represented in person or by proxy (including shares that
abstain or do not vote with respect to the matter to be voted upon) will be
counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists. If a quorum is not
present, the special meeting will be adjourned until a quorum is obtained.

    You may vote "FOR," "AGAINST" or "ABSTAIN." If you "ABSTAIN," it has the
same effect as a vote "AGAINST." If you sign your proxy card with no further
instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations
of the board ("FOR" the merger agreement and the merger and in the discretion of
the proxy holders on any other matters that properly come before the special
meeting). If your shares of eXcelon common stock are held in street name by a
brokerage firm or bank, you must follow the directions provided by your broker
regarding how to instruct your broker to vote your shares. Without instructions,
your broker cannot vote your shares. This is known as a broker non-vote, and it
will have the same effect as a vote against the merger.

    Any stockholder who has executed and returned a proxy and who for any reason
desires to revoke their proxy may do so at any time before the special meeting:

    - by delivering written notice prior to the special meeting to the Secretary
      of eXcelon at eXcelon Corporation, 25 Mall Road, Burlington, Massachusetts
      01803;

    - by voting the shares represented by the proxy in person at the special
      meeting; or

    - by giving a later dated proxy at any time before the special meeting.

If your shares of eXcelon common stock are held in street name by a brokerage
firm or bank, you must follow the directions provided by your broker to revoke
your vote. Attendance at the special meeting will not, by itself, revoke a
proxy.

CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER (PAGE 29)

    The parties are not obligated to complete the merger unless, among other
things:

    - eXcelon's stockholders have approved the merger agreement and the merger;

    - the representations and warranties of the parties are true in all material
      respects or, if any are not true, they are not reasonably likely to have a
      material adverse effect (as defined in the merger agreement) on eXcelon or
      Progress Software, as applicable;

    - the parties have materially complied with their respective obligations
      under the merger agreement;

    - required governmental approvals and third party consents have been
      received;

    - there has been no material adverse effect on eXcelon; and

    - holders of no more than 5% of eXcelon's common stock have demanded and
      perfected their appraisal rights.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT (PAGE 31)

    The merger agreement may be terminated by the mutual written consent of the
parties. In addition, either Progress Software or eXcelon may terminate the
merger agreement if:

    - the merger has not been completed by January 31, 2003;

    - a governmental authority issues a final, non-appealable order or action
      restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the merger;

    - eXcelon's stockholders do not approve the merger agreement at the special
      meeting; or

    - subject to specified cure rights, at any time any of the representations
      and warranties of the other party become untrue or the other party
      breaches its covenants under the merger agreement such that the first
      party would not be obligated to complete the merger.

In addition, Progress Software can terminate the merger agreement if:

    - the eXcelon board of directors takes certain actions with regard to an
      alternative acquisition proposal, fails to take certain actions with
      regard to the merger and the special meeting, or breaches the option
      agreement; or

    - Progress Software has exercised its tender offer option (which expires
      upon the mailing of this proxy statement) and the eXcelon board of
      directors takes or fails to take certain actions related to the tender
      offer.

PAYMENT OF FEES UPON TERMINATION (PAGE 31)

    eXcelon must pay to Progress Software a termination fee in cash equal to
$1,200,000 if:

    - Progress Software terminates the merger agreement in the event that:

       - the eXcelon board of directors takes certain actions with regard to an
         alternative acquisition proposal, fails to take certain actions with
         regard to the merger or the special meeting, or breaches the option
         agreement; or

       - Progress Software has exercised its tender offer option (which expires
         upon the mailing of this proxy statement) and the eXcelon board of
         directors takes or fails to take certain actions related to the tender
         offer.

    - another party makes, or expresses its intention to make, an acquisition
      proposal (as defined in the merger agreement), the merger agreement is
      subsequently terminated because eXcelon's stockholders do not approve the
      merger agreement and the other acquisition proposal is consummated within
      one year of such termination; or

    - Progress Software terminates the merger agreement due to an intentional
      breach by eXcelon of its representations, warranties, covenants or
      agreements in the merger agreement.

    If eXcelon terminates the merger agreement due to a breach by Progress
Software of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements, Progress
Software must reimburse eXcelon for fees and expenses incurred by eXcelon in
connection with the merger agreement up to an aggregate of $500,000.

WHAT HAPPENS IF EXCELON RECEIVES ANOTHER OFFER? (PAGE 27)

    The merger agreement provides that, subject to specified exceptions, eXcelon
will not solicit or engage in any negotiations or discussions with, or provide
any non-public information to, any person other than Progress Software that
could lead to an acquisition proposal. eXcelon's board of directors may,
however, (1) take and disclose a position with respect to any tender or exchange
offer by a third party, or (2) furnish information to or enter into discussions
with any person that makes an unsolicited bona fide written acquisition
proposal, if the eXcelon board:

    - determines in good faith, based upon the advice of its financial advisor,
      that the alternative acquisition proposal would be more favorable, from a
      financial point of view, to eXcelon's stockholders than the merger;

    - determines in good faith, based upon the advice of its outside legal
      counsel, that pursuing the alternative acquisition proposal is necessary
      for the eXcelon board to comply with its fiduciary duties to eXcelon's
      stockholders; and

    - enters into a non-disclosure agreement with the party making the
      alternative acquisition proposal.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE EXCELON BOARD OF DIRECTORS (PAGE 14)

    The eXcelon board of directors has determined that the merger is advisable,
fair to, and in the best interests of eXcelon and eXcelon's stockholders, has
unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger, and has recommended
that eXcelon's stockholders approve the merger agreement and the merger.
Information about the recommendation of eXcelon's board of directors is more
fully set forth under "The Merger--Reasons for the Merger" beginning on page 14.

OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO EXCELON (PAGE 16)

    In deciding to approve and recommend the merger agreement, the eXcelon board
of directors received and considered the oral opinion, later confirmed in
writing, of SG Cowen that, as of October 18, 2002, based upon and subject to
various considerations and assumptions set forth in the opinion, the
consideration to be received by the eXcelon stockholders in the merger is fair
to the stockholders from a financial point of view. The full text of the opinion
of SG Cowen, which outlines the assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken with respect to its opinion, is attached as
Appendix F and is incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. YOU ARE
URGED TO, AND SHOULD, READ THE OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY.

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS (PAGE 34)

    eXcelon's directors and officers may have interests in the transaction that
are different from, or in addition to, the interests of other eXcelon
stockholders. eXcelon stockholders should be aware of these potential conflicts
of interest. For example, some executive officers of eXcelon have employment
agreements that generally provide for significant cash payments and a
continuation of benefits in the event of termination after a change of control
of eXcelon (the merger will constitute a change of

control under the employment agreements). The merger agreement also provides for
continuing indemnification of officers and directors of eXcelon after the
merger.

CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES (PAGE 22)

    The receipt of cash for shares of common stock in the merger will be a
taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and may also be a
taxable transaction under applicable state, local, foreign or other tax laws.
Generally, you will recognize gain or loss for these purposes equal to the
difference between $3.19 per share and your adjusted tax basis for the shares of
eXcelon common stock you own immediately before the merger. For U.S. federal
income tax purposes, this gain or loss generally would be a capital gain or loss
if you held your shares of common stock as a capital asset. Special tax rules
will apply to amounts received upon the conversion of stock options and may
apply to amounts received upon the exchange of common stock that was acquired
under eXcelon's employee stock purchase plan. YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT YOUR OWN
TAX ADVISORS TO DETERMINE THE PARTICULAR CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO YOU,
INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN
TAX LAWS.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS (PAGE 42)

    You will be entitled to seek appraisal rights in connection with the merger
under Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Under the merger
agreement, Progress Software is not required to complete the merger if holders
of 5% or more of eXcelon's common stock demand and perfect appraisal rights.

FINANCING FOR THE MERGER (PAGE 23)

    Progress Software estimates that approximately $26 million will be required
to complete the merger and pay the related fees and expenses. Progress Software
expects to fund this amount through cash on hand.

THE STOCKHOLDERS' AGREEMENTS (PAGE 32)

    Concurrently with entering into the merger agreement, some stockholders,
including all the directors and some executive officers of eXcelon and the
entities affiliated with InSight Capital Partners, have agreed to vote their
eXcelon shares in favor of the merger. On the record date, these stockholders
owned (either beneficially or of record) approximately       % of the
outstanding eXcelon common stock.

THE OPTION AGREEMENT (PAGE 33)

    Concurrently with entering into the merger agreement, eXcelon and Progress
Software entered into an option agreement under which eXcelon granted to
Progress Software an irrevocable option to purchase 1,475,000 shares of eXcelon
common stock representing approximately 19.9% of the outstanding shares of
eXcelon common stock. The option becomes exercisable if and when Progress
Software becomes entitled to receive the termination fee under the terms of the
merger agreement. Progress Software's potential profit on the option granted
under the option agreement is capped at $1,200,000, less the amount of any
termination fee paid. The option expires on the first to occur of:

    - the closing of the merger;

    - written notice of termination of the option agreement by Progress
      Software;

    - termination of the merger agreement under circumstances where Progress
      Software would not be entitled to receive the termination fee; or

    - the date that is 12 months from the date of termination of the merger
      agreement.

PROXY SOLICITOR

    eXcelon has hired Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. to assist in the
solicitation of proxies in connection with the special meeting. If you have
questions about the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement, you should contact our proxy solicitor:

    Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc.
    17 State Street
    New York, New York 10004
    Call toll-free: 1-866-423-4865

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

    On October 4, 2002, the stockholders of eXcelon approved an amendment to
eXcelon's certificate of incorporation to effect a one-for-eight reverse split
of eXcelon's common stock. The one-for-eight reverse split became effective on
Monday, October 7, 2002.

    On October 30, 2002, eXcelon announced revenues for the third quarter of
2002 of $8.0 million as compared to $11.1 million for the same period of 2001.
Net loss for the third quarter (calculated in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles) was $8.4 million or $1.13 per share, as compared with a
net loss of $8.6 million, or $2.09 per share, for the same period last year. For
the quarter ended September 30, 2002, net loss includes restructuring and other
charges of $3.7 million or $0.51 per share. Net loss exclusive of restructuring
and other charges was $4.6 million or $0.62 per share. eXcelon's cash and
investments as of September 30, 2002 were $15.7 million. Days sales outstanding
for the third quarter were 70 days. The loss of $1.13 per share for the third
quarter of 2002 exceeds the $0.76 to $1.02 per share range stated in eXcelon's
October 7, 2002 press release, primarily as the result of an increase in sales
tax liability resulting from a state tax audit and an increase in restructuring
charges and other charges relating to recent legal settlement activity.

    eXcelon also announced plans to reduce headcount by up to 25% during the
fourth quarter of 2002. eXcelon reduced its workforce by approximately 8% on
October 18, 2002 and will continue to review its headcount needs during the
quarter. The restructuring costs for the fourth quarter are estimated to be in
the range of $300,000 to $900,000, or $0.04 to $0.12 per share.

                                  RISK FACTORS

    YOU SHOULD CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING MATTERS IN CONNECTION WITH THE OTHER
INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT IN DECIDING WHETHER TO VOTE IN
FAVOR OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER.

FAILURE TO COMPLETE THE MERGER COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET PRICE OF
EXCELON COMMON STOCK AS WELL AS EXCELON'S BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

    If the merger is not completed for any reason, the price of eXcelon common
stock may decline to the extent that the current market price of eXcelon common
stock reflects positive market assumptions that the merger will be completed.
eXcelon may also be subject to additional risks if the merger is not completed,
including:

    - eXcelon will incur substantial costs related to the merger, such as legal,
      filing, financial advisory and financial printing fees, regardless of
      whether the merger is completed;

    - concern that eXcelon's financial condition may adversely affect eXcelon's
      ability to provide future product support and upgrades could discourage
      potential customers from seeking to license eXcelon's products;

    - concern over eXcelon's financial condition may adversely affect eXcelon's
      ability to attract and retain key management and other personnel; and

    - termination of the merger agreement in specified circumstances will
      require eXcelon to pay the termination fee of $1,200,000 and will trigger
      the exercisability of the options granted to Progress Software under the
      option agreement and the stockholders' agreements, which may discourage a
      third party from submitting a business combination proposal to eXcelon.

Completion of the merger is subject to various conditions, and we cannot assure
you that the merger will be completed even if stockholder approval is obtained.
The failure to consummate the merger, in combination with the factors listed
above, continued downturn in technology spending, our operating losses and our
declining cash and investments may adversely affect eXcelon, including its
business, operating results and future prospects.

EXCELON MAY NEED TO SIGNIFICANTLY RESTRUCTURE ITS OPERATIONS IF THE MERGER IS
NOT COMPLETED.

    If the merger is not completed, our revenues and available cash balance may
not be sufficient for us to continue to operate for the next twelve months and
we will need to significantly reduce our operating expenses or obtain additional
capital. We cannot assure you that additional capital will be available on
acceptable terms, or at all. If we elect to decrease expenses by reducing the
number of our employees, this reduction may jeopardize our ability to compete
effectively and could decrease the amount of revenues we are able to generate.

           CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

    We make certain forward-looking statements in this proxy statement that are
not historical facts but rather reflect current expectations regarding future
results and events. When used in this proxy statement, the words "believes,"
"intends," "plans," "anticipates," "likely," "will" and similar words and
expressions identify the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which
are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from those forecast or anticipated in the forward-looking statement. Some of
these risks include changes in economic or market conditions, the ability of
eXcelon and Progress Software to fulfill their obligations under the merger
agreement, market demand for XML-based products, the risk that eXcelon's
revenues will not grow rapidly enough to offset increased expenditures that we
are incurring to develop and market eXcelon's new XML-based products, the fact
that a significant portion of eXcelon's revenues to date have been derived from
sales of eXcelon's Object

Design data management products, the market for which is stable or declining,
the profitability of eXcelon's professional services contracts, eXcelon's
ability to retain existing professional services clients and attract new
clients, the possibility that eXcelon may be unable to keep pace with the rapid
technological change and intense competition that characterize its markets, and
other factors contained in our periodic reports and other filings made with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (referred to as the "SEC").

    You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which
reflect management's view only as of the date of this proxy statement. All
forward-looking statements included in this proxy statement and all subsequent
forward-looking statements attributable to eXcelon or persons acting on its
behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements.
We undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to
any forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this proxy statement or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events.

                                   THE MERGER

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    In September of 2001 eXcelon acquired C-bridge Internet Solutions, Inc., an
Internet consulting and solutions provider, and throughout the fall of 2001 we
were actively engaged in integrating C-bridge's business operations. General
economic conditions and decreased technology spending following the C-bridge
acquisition adversely impacted eXcelon's business and offset many of the
benefits that resulted from the acquisition. As a result of the continued
decline in demand for our products and services during late 2001 and early 2002,
management implemented cost controls and revised its business strategy, and the
eXcelon board actively reviewed strategic alternatives, including business
restructuring, the sale of all or a portion of our business, and pursuit of
various strategic relationships.

    Beginning in January 2002, eXcelon entertained informal discussions with a
number of companies regarding strategic investments and transactions. While most
of these discussions terminated in the preliminary phase, our discussions with
three companies progressed to the point where the companies undertook a
technical review of our products. Discussions with two of these companies
terminated when no mutually satisfactory opportunity developed. The third
company offered to acquire the source code to our Stylus product, subject to
significant conditions and completion of a diligence investigation. After
analysis and careful consideration, we declined to pursue the offer, based on
our belief that we could attain a higher premium for our stockholders by selling
eXcelon as a whole, rather than in piecemeal fashion.

    On February 26, 2002, Arthur J. Marks, a member of the Progress Software
board of directors since 1987 and a former member of the eXcelon board of
directors from 1990 to 2001, sent Lacey Brandt, Chief Financial Officer of
eXcelon, an email inquiring if eXcelon would be interested in considering a
business combination transaction. Ms. Brandt replied that eXcelon would be
interested in considering such a transaction.

    On March 4, 2002, Richard D. Reidy, Senior Vice President, Products and
Business Development for Progress Software, called Ms. Brandt to discuss the
possibility of establishing a strategic partnership between the companies.

    On March 19, 2002, Joseph M. Bellini, our Chief Executive Officer, and Larry
Alston, our Executive Vice President of Product Development, met with Joseph W.
Alsop, Chief Executive Officer of Progress Software, Mr. Reidy and Peter
Moloney, Director of Business Development for Progress Software. This meeting
was initially scheduled to discuss the possibility of Progress Software
licensing certain of eXcelon's products. At the meeting, however, Mr. Reidy
communicated that Progress

Software was not interested in licensing any of eXcelon's technology, but might
be interested in acquiring eXcelon or certain of eXcelon's technologies.
Mr. Bellini responded that eXcelon would be willing to discuss a potential
acquisition, provided it was at a premium to our trading price on the Nasdaq
National Market.

    On April 29, 2002, Mr. Reidy and Mr. Alston met for dinner and discussed
strategic product synergies between the two companies. At this meeting,
Mr. Reidy extended an invitation to eXcelon to participate in the June Progress
Software Research & Development Forum on non-relational databases.

    On June 14, 2002, members of eXcelon's technical and marketing staff made a
presentation regarding eXcelon's products to the Progress Software R&D Forum,
which was attended by Mr. Alsop, Mr. Reidy and other officers and employees of
Progress Software.

    On July 2, 2002, Mr. Bellini met with representatives from SG Cowen to
discuss strategic alternatives. These discussions addressed general economic
conditions, conditions in the data management solutions sector and eXcelon's
results of operations and prospects.

    On July 3, 2002, at a regularly scheduled meeting of eXcelon's board of
directors, representatives from SG Cowen conveyed their analysis of current
economic and industry conditions, and eXcelon's recent results of operations and
prospects. Addressing strategic alternatives, SG Cowen recommended that eXcelon
consider pursuing a sale of the company to a third party.

    On July 17, 2002, Mr. Alsop contacted Robert N. Goldman, our Chairman, to
communicate Progress Software's interest in discussing a potential acquisition
of eXcelon by Progress Software.

    Between July 17, 2002 and August 6, 2002, Progress Software purchased 94,425
shares of eXcelon common stock (taking into account eXcelon's recent
one-for-eight reverse stock split), or approximately 1.3% of our outstanding
common stock, in open market purchases for an aggregate purchase price of
approximately $316,756.

    On July 18, 2002, Mr. Goldman called Mr. Bellini to inform him of his
discussion with Mr. Alsop, and Progress Software's interest in discussing a
potential acquisition of eXcelon.

    On July 24, 2002, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Alsop had a dinner meeting to discuss
eXcelon's potential interest in being acquired by Progress Software. At that
time, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Alsop agreed to schedule a meeting with certain
officers of both companies to better enable Progress Software and eXcelon to
determine if there was a strategic basis for a potential business combination.

    On July 26, 2002, Mr. Bellini, Mr. Goldman and certain officers of eXcelon,
including Ms. Brandt, Kenneth Rugg, Chief Technology Officer, Clifford B.
Thompson, General Counsel, and Mr. Alston, met with Mr. Alsop and certain
officers of Progress Software, including Mr. Reidy, Mr. Moloney, David Ireland,
President of the Progress Company, a business unit of Progress Software, and
Gregory J. O'Connor, President of Sonic Software Corporation, a subsidiary of
Progress Software, to discuss potential synergies between eXcelon's and Progress
Software's products and technologies.

    On August 6, 2002, Mr. Alsop attended a regularly scheduled meeting of our
board of directors to convey Progress Software's interest in acquiring eXcelon
and the synergies that Progress Software believed could be achieved by merging
the companies. After discussion with Mr. Alsop, our board agreed to enter into a
confidentiality agreement with Progress Software so that the two companies could
exchange information, including technical information about eXcelon's products,
as a precursor to the initiation of discussions regarding a potential
acquisition. On August 6, 2002, Progress Software and eXcelon entered into a
mutual confidentiality agreement and the two companies began sharing information
about their respective operations in order to enable Progress Software to
evaluate eXcelon's products and determine whether it wanted to make an offer to
acquire eXcelon. A number of business and technical meetings were held over the
ensuing weeks.

    Throughout 2002, including during Progress Software's diligence
investigation and discussions with eXcelon, eXcelon's management continued to
implement measures to address declining demand for eXcelon products and services
and declining market and industry conditions.

    On August 20, 2002, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Alsop met to discuss the status of
the on-going review of business and technical issues. At this time Progress
Software indicated that based on its initial review, it believed that there were
significant product level and technological synergies that warranted continued
discussions. From August 20 through October 18, 2002, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Alsop
engaged in an ongoing dialogue regarding eXcelon's technology, financial
performance and the terms of the proposed merger.

    On August 28, 2002, Progress Software sent eXcelon a request for documents,
materials and information required to conduct and complete its legal due
diligence review of eXcelon. During the ensuing weeks, representatives of
Progress Software and its outside legal counsel, Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris,
Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. (referred to as Mintz Levin), conducted their due
diligence review of eXcelon.

    On August 30, 2002, Mr. Bellini updated the eXcelon board of directors by
email on eXcelon's business performance, as well as the status of discussions
with Progress Software.

    On September 12, 2002, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Alsop met again to discuss the
status of the on-going review of business and technical issues, and a potential
transaction. The parties concluded that Progress Software needed to complete
additional technical diligence in order to finalize its valuation of eXcelon and
its products.

    On September 24, 2002, Mr. Bellini advised eXcelon's board of directors by
email as to eXcelon's business performance, as well as the status of Progress
Software's investigation and the discussions relating to a possible transaction.
Later that day, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Alsop met to discuss the general terms and
structure of a proposed transaction including a proposed purchase price that
would be based on historical financial performance, projected near-term revenue
and available cash after payment of pre-closing projected and post-closing
committed cash expenditures. Mr. Bellini and Mr. Alsop also discussed entering
into a non-solicitation agreement under which eXcelon would agree not to solicit
or discuss other acquisition offers while the potential acquisition by Progress
Software was being negotiated.

    On September 25, 2002, Mr. Bellini emailed eXcelon's board of directors and
advised them of the terms of the proposed acquisition transaction as conveyed by
Progress Software on the prior day.

    On September 27, 2002, eXcelon's board of directors held a telephonic
meeting to discuss the Progress Software proposal. At this meeting the board
considered and evaluated the terms of the proposal and authorized management to
continue discussions with Progress Software. The board also reviewed a proposed
non-solicitation agreement between eXcelon and Progress Software, considered
alternative approaches and authorized Mr. Bellini to execute and deliver on
eXcelon's behalf the non-solicitation agreement which provided that until
October 18, 2002, eXcelon would not solicit, discuss or negotiate other
acquisition proposals.

    On September 30, 2002, Mr. Bellini informed eXcelon's board of directors by
email that, based on preliminary estimates of eXcelon's results of operations
for the quarter ended September 30, 2002, taking into account existing lease
obligations and other contingent liabilities, the Progress Software proposal
resulted in an estimated acquisition price of approximately $24 million. Later
that day, as authorized by the eXcelon board, Mr. Bellini executed and delivered
the non-solicitation agreement between eXcelon and Progress Software.

    On October 3, 2002, Progress Software circulated an initial draft of the
merger agreement, as prepared by Mintz Levin, to eXcelon and eXcelon's outside
legal counsel, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP.

    On October 4, 2002, at a scheduled meeting of eXcelon's board of directors,
the board discussed the prospects for eXcelon in light of the continuing
downturn in technology spending and the likelihood that eXcelon's operating
expenses would continue to reduce its cash reserves. Mr. Bellini updated the
board on the proposed terms of the Progress Software offer and the board
authorized Mr. Bellini to continue negotiations with Progress Software. In
addition, the board authorized Mr. Bellini to engage SG Cowen to act as
financial advisor in connection with the proposed Progress Software acquisition,
including rendering an opinion as to the fairness of the proposed acquisition,
from a financial point of view, to eXcelon's stockholders. Later that day,
Mr. Bellini executed an engagement letter with SG Cowen, the terms of which were
consistent with the board's instructions.

    On October 8, 2002, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Alsop met to discuss the terms of
the Progress Software acquisition proposal and issues raised by the draft
agreement. Mr. Bellini subsequently reviewed the proposed terms of, and
outstanding issues relating to, the proposed acquisition on a conference call
with Mr. Goldman and Gerald B. Bay, a member of eXcelon's board, Mr. Thompson,
Ms. Brandt, representatives of SG Cowen and representatives of Gibson, Dunn &
Crutcher LLP. The board members considered the implications for eXcelon of
entering into an agreement with Progress Software, including foregone
opportunities, and expressed concern about Progress Software's commitment to a
transaction and its ability to terminate the transaction as reflected in the
draft agreement. Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP was instructed to negotiate with
Mintz Levin to address the board's concerns. Later that day, Mintz Levin
circulated initial drafts of the option agreement and stockholder's agreement.

    From October 8, 2002 through October 18, 2002, the financial and legal
advisors of eXcelon and the legal advisors of Progress Software had numerous
discussions during which they negotiated the terms of the draft merger
agreement, and the related option agreement and stockholder's agreement. Several
revised versions of the transaction agreements were circulated by Mintz Levin
and commented on by eXcelon and Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP during this time.
After a series of discussions, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and Mintz Levin
agreed, on behalf of their respective clients, to certain changes to the draft
merger agreement. During this time, Mr. Bellini and Mr. Alsop continued
negotiations with respect to the proposed purchase price.

    On October 14, 2002, eXcelon's board of directors held a special meeting to
discuss the terms of the draft merger agreement, option agreement and the
potential benefits of the proposed acquisition by Progress Software.
Mr. Thompson, Ms. Brandt and representatives of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and
SG Cowen also attended the meeting. The board acknowledged their receipt and
consideration of written materials prepared by Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
summarizing the terms of the proposed acquisition and the board's legal
obligations in connection with its consideration of the proposed acquisition.
Mr. Bellini and representatives of SG Cowen then presented a summary of the deal
structure and a preliminary valuation analysis. Mr. Bellini also discussed the
principal terms of, and open items reflected in, the draft merger agreement and
related option agreement and stockholder's agreement.

    From October 15, 2002 through October 18, 2002, Mr. Thompson, Ms. Brandt,
Wayne Pastore, eXcelon's controller, and the financial and legal advisors of
eXcelon and the legal advisors of Progress Software had numerous discussions
regarding outstanding legal and financial diligence items.

    On October 16, 2002, Mr. Bellini updated eXcelon's board of directors by
email on the progress that had been made in negotiating the terms of the merger
agreement and related agreements, and informed the directors that negotiations
were continuing.

    On October 17, 2002, eXcelon's board of directors held a special meeting to
review the status of the negotiations with Progress Software. Mr. Thompson,
Ms. Brandt and representatives of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and SG Cowen also
attended the meeting. Mr. Bellini updated the directors as to the status of
negotiations and the resolution of outstanding issues. Specifically,
Mr. Bellini discussed Progress Software's refusal to increase the purchase
price, as well as Progress Software's agreement to change certain terms of the
merger agreement in order to: limit Progress Software's ability to terminate the
agreement, reduce the size of the termination fee, and limit the situations in
which the termination fee would be payable. A representative of SG Cowen
discussed the fairness opinion that it expected to be able to deliver, and a
representative of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP reviewed the terms of the merger
agreement and related option agreement and stockholder's agreement. At this time
the board authorized Mr. Bellini to execute and deliver an amendment to the
non-solicitation agreement that extended the exclusivity period to October 25,
2002. Later that day, Mr. Bellini executed and delivered to Progress Software
the amendment to the non-solicitation agreement.

    Also on October 17, 2002, Mr. Goldman was contacted by telephone by a
representative of the company that had previously offered to acquire the source
code to our Stylus product. This company inquired about our interest in a
potential acquisition of eXcelon at a purchase price in the range of eXcelon's
trading price on the Nasdaq National Market at that time. Mr. Goldman advised
the representative that eXcelon was not willing to discuss the offer.
Mr. Goldman then notified Mr. Bellini of the call, and Mr. Bellini in turn
notified Mr. Alsop.

    On October 18, 2002, eXcelon's board of directors held a special meeting to
consider and act upon the proposed acquisition of eXcelon by Progress Software.
Mr. Thompson, Ms. Brandt and representatives of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and
SG Cowen also attended the meeting. A representative of SG Cowen reviewed the
transaction for the board and provided SG Cowen's oral opinion, which opinion
was subsequently confirmed by delivery to the board of a written opinion dated
October 18, 2002, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject
to the matters described in its opinion, the consideration to be received
pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to
eXcelon's stockholders. SG Cowen then outlined for the board the analysis
underlying its opinion. Following a thorough discussion of the proposed
acquisition, as well as the principal terms of the related option agreement and
stockholder's agreement, the board of directors voted unanimously to authorize
the merger agreement and the option agreement with Progress Software and to
recommend that the eXcelon stockholders approve and adopt the merger agreement.

    On the evening of October 18, 2002, Mr. Alsop advised Mr. Bellini that the
Progress Software board of directors had authorized Mr. Alsop to sign the merger
agreement on behalf of Progress Software. Later that evening, eXcelon and
Progress Software executed the merger agreement and the option agreement, and
eXcelon delivered the stockholder's agreements, which had been previously
executed by all of our directors, certain executive officers and the entities
affiliated with InSight Capital Partners.

    On the morning of October 21, 2002, eXcelon and Progress Software issued a
joint press release announcing the proposed acquisition and later that day
Progress Software held a conference call to discuss the merger, in which
Mr. Rugg and Mr. Alston of eXcelon participated.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    The eXcelon board of directors has determined that the acquisition of
eXcelon by Progress Software is advisable, fair to and in the best interests of
eXcelon and eXcelon's stockholders, has unanimously approved and adopted the
merger agreement and the merger, and unanimously recommends that eXcelon
stockholders vote "FOR" approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the
merger. In making its recommendation to the stockholders with respect to the
merger

agreement and the merger, the eXcelon board of directors considered a number of
factors, the most material of which were the following:

    - current market prices for our common stock, the fluctuation in historical
      trading prices of our common stock and the cash price of $3.19 per share
      to be paid in the merger, including the fact that this amount represents a
      premium of 65% over the average closing market price for our shares for
      the month (22 trading days) prior to October 18, 2002 (the last trading
      day before the merger was announced);

    - that the cash price of $3.19 per share to be paid in the merger is a fixed
      amount, not subject to any financing condition and that because eXcelon
      stockholders will receive cash instead of stock, they will not be subject
      to the risks associated with a decline in the trading price of shares to
      be exchanged, but also will not receive any future benefits of any
      increase in the price of Progress Software common stock or our common
      stock;

    - the immediate tax consequences of the merger to our stockholders;

    - the board's knowledge of our business, current and historical financial
      condition and results of operations, current business strategy, the nature
      of the markets in which we operate and our position in these markets, our
      future growth prospects on a stand-alone basis, the consolidation
      occurring in the industry and the risks and uncertainties associated with
      this consolidation and our ability to take advantage of acquisition
      opportunities given our size and capitalization;

    - evidence of continuing downturn in technology spending, including by
      telecommunications companies, our primary customer base;

    - the continuing trend of quarterly declines in revenue from three of our
      four primary lines of business, royalties from our Object Store licenses,
      maintenance contracts and consulting, and flat growth in our XML line of
      business;

    - the continuing reduction in our available operating capital as a result of
      ongoing operational losses;

    - continued headcount reductions having a lessening impact on overall
      expense reduction due to fixed overhead being spread over fewer and fewer
      employees;

    - the possible reluctance of prospective customers to license our products
      because of our declining operating capital, historical operating losses
      and concern regarding our ability to provide ongoing support and product
      upgrades;

    - the need to, and our ability to, restructure our cost structure in the
      absence of a business combination transaction;

    - other possible alternatives to the merger, the value to the stockholders
      of these alternatives and the timing and likelihood of achieving superior
      value from these alternatives, as well as the possibility that equally
      suitable partners for an acquisition or a business combination transaction
      would be available;

    - the discussions that took place with other companies that expressed
      interest in a possible merger or similar transaction with us, or a sale of
      all or a portion of our assets;

    - our long-term ability to continue as a going concern on a stand-alone
      basis;

    - the analysis and financial presentations to the board in connection with
      the board's consideration of the merger transactions, including the oral
      opinion of SG Cowen delivered to the board at its October 18, 2002
      meeting, and subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of October 18,
      2002, the consideration to be received by the eXcelon stockholders was
      fair, from a financial point of

      view, to eXcelon stockholders (in considering SG Cowen's fairness opinion,
      the board took into account the fact that eXcelon had agreed to pay SG
      Cowen certain fees for its services);

    - the likelihood that the proposed merger would be completed in light of the
      reputation and financial condition of Progress Software;

    - discussions with representatives of our senior management, independent
      accountants and financial and legal advisors regarding the business,
      accounting, financial and legal aspects, and the terms and conditions, of
      the merger and various other transactions considered;

    - the potential synergies between our products and those of Progress
      Software, the ability of Progress Software to support and continue
      development of our products and to expand the customer base for our
      products;

    - the impact of the merger on our customers and employees;

    - our ability to respond to, and to accept, an unsolicited offer that is
      superior to the merger, if failing to do so would breach the board's
      fiduciary responsibilities to our stockholders imposed by law, and the
      extent to which our ability is restricted by provisions in the merger
      agreement limiting our ability to solicit and respond to proposals by
      third parties and requiring us to pay a termination fee of $1,200,000
      under certain circumstances;

    - the interests that eXcelon's directors and officers may have with respect
      to the merger in addition to their interests as stockholders;

    - the other terms of the merger agreement, including the parties'
      representations, warranties, covenants and agreements, and the conditions
      to their respective obligations;

    - the terms and conditions of the stockholders' agreements under which
      stockholders owning approximately  % of the shares outstanding as of the
      record date agreed to vote their shares of eXcelon common stock in favor
      of the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement; and

    - the terms and conditions of the option agreement under which eXcelon
      granted to Progress Software an irrevocable option to purchase shares of
      eXcelon common stock representing approximately 19.9% of the outstanding
      shares of eXcelon common stock.

    The foregoing discussion of factors considered by the eXcelon board is not
meant to be exhaustive, but includes the material factors considered by the
eXcelon board in approving the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement and in recommending that stockholders vote
their eXcelon shares in favor of the merger. The eXcelon board did not find it
practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to
the specific factors considered in reaching its determination. Rather, the board
made their respective determinations based on the totality of the information
presented to them, and the judgments of individual members of the board may have
been influenced to a greater or lesser degree by different factors. After
weighing all these considerations, the eXcelon board has determined that the
merger agreement and the merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best
interests of eXcelon and its stockholders and unanimously recommends that
eXcelon stockholders vote their shares in favor of approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and the merger.

OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO EXCELON

    Pursuant to an engagement letter dated October 4, 2002, eXcelon retained SG
Cowen Securities Corporation to act as financial advisor to eXcelon in
connection with the merger, and render an opinion to the board of directors of
eXcelon as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
eXcelon common stock, of the consideration to be received in the merger.

    On October 18, 2002, SG Cowen delivered its written analyses and its oral
opinion to the eXcelon board, subsequently confirmed in writing as of the same
date, to the effect that and subject to the various assumptions set forth
therein, as of October 18, 2002 the consideration to be received in the merger
was fair, from a financial point of view, to the stockholders of eXcelon.

    THE FULL TEXT OF THE WRITTEN OPINION OF SG COWEN, DATED OCTOBER 18, 2002, IS
ATTACHED AS APPENDIX F TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT AND IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.
HOLDERS OF EXCELON COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO READ THE OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY
FOR THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, OTHER MATTERS CONSIDERED AND
LIMITS OF THE REVIEW BY SG COWEN. THE SUMMARY OF THE WRITTEN OPINION OF SG COWEN
SET FORTH HEREIN IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF
SUCH OPINION. SG COWEN'S ANALYSES AND OPINION WERE PREPARED FOR AND ADDRESSED TO
THE EXCELON BOARD AND ARE DIRECTED ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT
OF VIEW, OF THE CONSIDERATION TO BE RECEIVED IN THE MERGER, AND DO NOT
CONSTITUTE AN OPINION AS TO THE MERITS OF THE MERGER OR A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY
STOCKHOLDER AS TO HOW TO VOTE ON THE PROPOSED MERGER. THE CONSIDERATION TO BE
RECEIVED IN THE MERGER WAS DETERMINED THROUGH NEGOTIATIONS BETWEEN EXCELON AND
PROGRESS SOFTWARE AND NOT PURSUANT TO RECOMMENDATIONS OF SG COWEN.

    In arriving at its opinion, SG Cowen reviewed and considered such financial
and other matters as it deemed relevant, including, among other things:

    - a draft of the merger agreement dated October 16, 2002;

    - certain publicly available financial and other information for eXcelon,
      and certain other relevant financial and operating data furnished to SG
      Cowen by eXcelon management;

    - certain publicly available financial and other information for Progress
      Software;

    - certain internal financial analyses, financial forecasts, reports and
      other information concerning eXcelon prepared by the management of
      eXcelon;

    - discussions SG Cowen had with certain members of the management of eXcelon
      concerning the historical and current business operations, financial
      conditions and prospects of eXcelon and such other matters SG Cowen deemed
      relevant;

    - certain operating results, the reported price and trading histories of the
      shares of the common stock of eXcelon and operating results, the reported
      price and trading histories of certain publicly traded companies SG Cowen
      deemed relevant;

    - certain financial terms of the merger as compared to the financial terms
      of certain selected business combinations SG Cowen deemed relevant; and

    - such other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and
      such other factors that SG Cowen deemed relevant for the purposes of its
      opinion.

    In conducting its review and arriving at its opinion, SG Cowen, with
eXcelon's consent, assumed and relied, without independent investigation, upon
the accuracy and completeness of all financial and other information provided to
it by eXcelon or which was publicly available. SG Cowen did not undertake any
responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or reasonableness of, or
independently to verify, this information. In addition, SG Cowen did not conduct
any physical inspection of the properties or facilities of eXcelon. SG Cowen
further relied upon the assurance of management of eXcelon that they were
unaware of any facts that would make the information provided to SG Cowen
incomplete or misleading in any respect. SG Cowen, with eXcelon's consent,
assumed that the financial forecasts provided to SG Cowen were reasonably
prepared by the management of eXcelon, and reflected the best currently
available estimates and good faith judgments of such management as to the future
performance of eXcelon. Management of eXcelon confirmed to SG Cowen, and SG
Cowen

assumed, with eXcelon's consent, that the financial forecasts utilized in SG
Cowen's analyses with respect to eXcelon provided a reasonable basis for its
opinion.

    SG Cowen did not make or obtain any independent evaluations, valuations or
appraisals of the assets or liabilities of eXcelon, nor was SG Cowen furnished
with these materials. With respect to all legal matters relating to eXcelon, SG
Cowen assumed with eXcelon's consent that there were no legal issues with regard
to eXcelon or Progress Software that would affect SG Cowen's opinion, and SG
Cowen has relied on this assumption without undertaking any independent
investigation or inquiry. SG Cowen expresses no opinion with respect to such
legal matters. SG Cowen's services to eXcelon in connection with the merger were
comprised of acting as financial advisor to eXcelon in connection with the
merger and rendering an opinion from a financial point of view of the
consideration to be received in the merger. SG Cowen's opinion was necessarily
based upon economic and market conditions and other circumstances as they
existed and could be evaluated by SG Cowen on the date of its opinion. It should
be understood that although subsequent developments may affect its opinion, SG
Cowen does not have any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion and
SG Cowen expressly disclaims any responsibility to do so. Additionally, while
management of eXcelon informed SG Cowen that eXcelon received other inquiries
for potential business combination transactions involving eXcelon and/or its
assets, SG Cowen was not authorized or requested to, and did not, solicit
alternative offers for eXcelon or its assets, nor did SG Cowen investigate any
other alternative transactions that may be available to eXcelon.

    In rendering its opinion, SG Cowen assumed, in all respects material to its
analysis, that the representations and warranties of each party contained in the
merger agreement are true and correct, that each party will perform all of the
covenants and agreements required to be performed by it under the merger
agreement and that all conditions to the consummation of the merger will be
satisfied without waiver of such conditions. SG Cowen assumed that the final
form of the merger agreement would be substantially similar to the last draft
received by SG Cowen prior to rendering its opinion. SG Cowen also assumed that
all governmental, regulatory and other consents and approvals contemplated by
the merger agreement would be obtained and that, in the course of obtaining any
of those consents, no restrictions will be imposed or waivers made that would
have an adverse effect on the contemplated benefits of the merger.

    SG Cowen's opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder
as to how the stockholder should vote on the proposed merger. SG Cowen's opinion
is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration
to be received in the merger. SG Cowen expresses no opinion as to the underlying
business reasons that may support the decision of the eXcelon board to approve,
or eXcelon's decision to consummate, the merger.

    The following is a summary of the principal financial analyses performed by
SG Cowen to arrive at its opinion. Some of the summaries of financial analyses
include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand
the financial analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses. Considering the data set forth in the tables without
considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including
the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses. SG Cowen performed
certain procedures, including each of the financial analyses described below,
and reviewed with the management of eXcelon the assumptions on which such
analyses were based and other factors, including the historical and projected
financial results of eXcelon. No limitations were imposed by the eXcelon board
with respect to the investigations made or procedures followed by SG Cowen in
rendering its opinion.

    ANALYSIS OF PREMIUMS PAID IN SELECTED TRANSACTIONS.  SG Cowen reviewed the
premium of the offer price over the trading prices one trading day, four trading
days and four weeks prior to the announcement date of 102 sale transactions
announced in 2001 and 52 sale transactions announced in 2002 in the technology
industry (the "Technology Transactions") which included 30 sale transactions
announced in 2001 and 19 sale transactions announced in 2002 in the software
industry (the "Software Transactions").

    The following table presents the premium of the offer prices over the
trading prices one trading day, four trading days and four weeks prior to the
announcement date for the Technology Transactions and the Software Transactions,
and the premiums implied for eXcelon, based on the consideration to be received
in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement.

                                           TECHNOLOGY             SOFTWARE
                                          TRANSACTIONS          TRANSACTIONS
                                       -------------------   -------------------   EXCELON
                                         2001     2002 YTD     2001     2002 YTD   PREMIUM
                                       --------   --------   --------   --------   --------

Median Premiums Paid to Stock Price:
One day prior to announcement........     37%        30%        51%        57%        32%
Four days prior to announcement......     45%        38%        63%        66%       107%
Four weeks prior to announcement.....     57%        34%        67%        71%        38%

    ANALYSIS OF SELECTED TRANSACTIONS.  SG Cowen reviewed the financial terms,
to the extent publicly available, of ten transactions involving the acquisition
of companies in the software industry, which were announced since October 2000.
These transactions were (listed as acquiror/target):

    - Borland Software Corp. / Starbase Corp.;

    - Open Text Corporation / Centrinity, Inc.;

    - Gaec Computer Corporation Limited / Extensity, Inc.;

    - Novell, Inc. / SilverStream Software, Inc.;

    - Openwave Systems Inc. / SignalSoft Corporation;

    - Allen Systems Group, Inc. / Landmark Systems Corporation;

    - International Business Machines Corporation / CrossWorlds Software, Inc.;

    - divine, inc. / Eprise Corporation;

    - Chordiant Software, Inc. / Prime Response, Inc.; and

    - Telelogic AB / Continuus Software Corp.

    SG Cowen reviewed the market capitalization of common stock plus total debt
less cash and equivalents ("Enterprise Value") paid in the Software Transactions
as a multiple of latest reported twelve month ("LTM") revenue, latest quarter of
revenue annualized ("LQA") revenue and next twelve months ("NTM") of projected
revenue, and also examined the premium of the offer price over the trading
prices one trading day, four trading days and four weeks prior to announcement
date.

    The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples
implied by the ratio of Enterprise Value to LTM revenue, LQA revenue and NTM
revenue and the premium of the offer price over the trading prices one trading
day, four trading days and four weeks prior to announcement date.

                                                    SOFTWARE TRANSACTIONS
                                          -----------------------------------------   IMPLIED FOR
                                            LOW        MEAN      MEDIAN      HIGH       EXCELON
                                          --------   --------   --------   --------   -----------

Enterprise Value as a ratio of:
  LTM Revenue...........................     NM        0.73x      0.58x      1.56x       0.20x
  LQA Revenue...........................     NM        0.79x      0.66x      2.12x       0.26x
  NTM Revenue...........................     NM        0.46x      0.41x      0.92x       0.28x
Premiums paid to stock price:
  One day prior.........................     20%         98%        83%       244%         32%
  Four days prior.......................     18%        116%        99%       262%        107%
  Four weeks prior......................    (12)%        98%        91%       232%         38%

    Although the above transactions were used for comparison purposes, none of
those transactions is directly comparable to the eXcelon/Progress Software
merger, and none of the companies in those transactions is directly comparable
to eXcelon. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of such a comparison is not
purely mathematical, but instead involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in historical and projected financial and operating
characteristics of the companies involved and other factors that could affect
the acquisition value of such companies or eXcelon to which they are being
compared.

    ANALYSIS OF SELECTED PUBLICLY TRADED COMPANIES.  To provide contextual data
and comparative market information, SG Cowen compared selected historical
operating and financial data and ratios for eXcelon to the corresponding
financial data and ratios of certain other companies (the "Selected Companies")
whose securities are publicly traded and which SG Cowen believes have operating,
market valuation and trading valuations similar to what might be expected of
eXcelon. These companies were:

    - Progress Software Corporation;

    - Novell, Inc.;

    - Pervasive Software Inc.;

    - Versant Corporation;

    - Merant, PLC;

    - NEON Systems, Inc.;

    - Mercator Software, Inc.;

    - Rogue Wave Software, Inc.; and

    - Versata, Inc.

    The data and ratios included the Enterprise Value of the Selected Companies
as multiples of LQA revenue, LTM revenue, calendar year 2002 estimated ("CY02E")
revenue and calendar year 2003 estimated ("CY03E") revenue as available from
research analyst reports for the Selected Companies. SG Cowen also examined the
ratios of the current share prices of the Selected Companies to the LTM earnings
per share ("EPS"), estimated 2002 calendar year EPS and estimated 2003 calendar
year EPS (in each case, as available from research analyst reports) for the
Selected Companies.

    The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples
implied by the ratio of Enterprise Value to LQA revenue, LTM revenue, CY02E
revenue and CY03E revenue, and the ratio of equity value to LTM earnings, CY02E
earnings and CY03E earnings.

                                                                                  MULTIPLE IMPLIED
                                             SELECTED COMPANY MULTIPLES           BY CONSIDERATION
                                      -----------------------------------------   TO BE PAID IN THE
                                        LOW        MEAN      MEDIAN      HIGH        TRANSACTION
                                      --------   --------   --------   --------   -----------------

Enterprise Value as a ratio of:
  LQA Revenue.......................  NM           0.26x      0.20x      0.95x          0.26x
  LTM Revenue.......................  NM           0.26x      0.17x      0.98x          0.20x
  CY02E Revenue.....................  NM           0.36x      0.32x      0.97x          0.22x
  CY03E Revenue.....................  NM           0.41x      0.36x      0.91x          0.30x
Equity Value as a ratio of:
  LTM Earnings......................  NM              4x        NM         25x            NM
  CY02E Earnings....................  NM             14x         5x        53x            NM
  CY03E Earnings....................  NM             23x        14x        74x            NM

    Although the Selected Companies were used for comparison purposes, none of
those companies is directly comparable to eXcelon. Accordingly, an analysis of
the results of such a comparison is not purely mathematical, but instead
involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
historical and projected financial and operating characteristics of the Selected
Companies and other factors that could affect the public trading value of the
Selected Companies or eXcelon to which they are being compared.

    HISTORICAL STOCK TRADING ANALYSIS.  SG Cowen analyzed the closing prices of
eXcelon common stock over various periods ending October 18, 2002. The table
below sets forth stock prices for certain of those periods and the premium
implied by the offer price in the merger to the historical stock price.

                                                                   PREMIUM IMPLIED
                                                     STOCK PRICE   BY OFFER PRICE
                                                     -----------   ---------------

Latest two months average..........................     $2.46             30%
Latest one month average...........................     $1.93             65%
One week prior.....................................     $1.50            113%
Four days prior....................................     $1.54            107%
Current as of October 18, 2002.....................     $2.41             32%
Offer price per share for eXcelon..................     $3.19             --

    SG Cowen noted that for the twelve month period ended October 18, 2002 the
high and low per share prices for shares of eXcelon were $12.80 and $1.29.

    SG Cowen did not perform a discounted cash flow analysis for eXcelon because
eXcelon management informed SG Cowen that, because of the nature of eXcelon's
business, it was not possible to accurately predict eXcelon's future cash flow.

    The summary set forth above does not purport to be a complete description of
all the analyses performed by SG Cowen. The preparation of a fairness opinion
involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analyses and the application of these methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to
partial analysis or summary description. SG Cowen did not attribute any
particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and
factor. Accordingly, notwithstanding the separate factors summarized above, SG
Cowen believes, and has advised the eXcelon board, that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and the
factors considered by it, without considering all

analyses and factors, could create an incomplete view of the process underlying
its opinion. In performing its analyses, SG Cowen made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, business and economic conditions and other
matters, many of which are beyond the control of eXcelon. These analyses
performed by SG Cowen are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future
results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by
such analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or
securities may actually be sold. Accordingly, such analyses and estimates are
inherently subject to uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events
beyond the control of the parties or their respective advisors. None of eXcelon,
SG Cowen or any other person assumes responsibility if future results are
materially different from those projected. The analyses supplied by SG Cowen and
its opinion were among several factors taken into consideration by the eXcelon
board in making its decision to enter into the merger agreement and should not
be considered as determinative of such decision.

    SG Cowen was selected by the eXcelon board to render an opinion to the
eXcelon board based on SG Cowen's expertise and familiarity with eXcelon and its
business. SG Cowen is a nationally recognized investment banking firm and
because, as part of its investment banking business, SG Cowen is continually
engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of
listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate
and other purposes. SG Cowen previously has provided financial advisory services
to eXcelon, and is familiar with, and knowledgeable about, the company and its
business operations.

    In the ordinary course of its business, SG Cowen and its affiliates may
trade the equity securities of eXcelon and Progress Software for their own
account and for the accounts of their customers, and, accordingly, may at any
time hold a long or short position in such securities. SG Cowen and its
affiliates in the ordinary course of business have from time to time provided,
and in the future may continue to provide, commercial and investment banking
services to eXcelon and Progress Software, including serving as a financial
advisor on potential acquisitions and as an underwriter on equity offerings, and
have received and may in the future receive fees for the rendering of such
services. In particular, in 2001, SG Cowen acted as financial advisor to eXcelon
in its merger with C-bridge Internet Solutions, Inc., for which it received a
fee of $1,750,000.

    Pursuant to the SG Cowen engagement letter, eXcelon has agreed to pay a fee
to SG Cowen for rendering its opinion. Additionally, eXcelon has agreed to
reimburse SG Cowen for its out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys' fees,
and has agreed to indemnify SG Cowen against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the federal securities laws. The terms of the fee arrangement
with SG Cowen were negotiated at arm's length between eXcelon and SG Cowen, and
the eXcelon board approved the arrangement.

REGULATORY APPROVALS

    eXcelon is not aware of any governmental approvals or actions that may be
required for completion of the merger. Should any approval or action be
required, eXcelon intends to seek the required approval or take the required
action.

CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

    The following discussion summarizing certain U.S. federal income tax
consequences is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (referred
to as the "Code"), the applicable Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder,
judicial authority and current administrative rulings and practices in effect on
the date of this proxy statement. This discussion is for general information
only and does not address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that
may be applicable to you or to holders

of eXcelon common stock who are subject to special treatment under U.S. federal
income tax law (including, for example, non-U.S. persons, broker-dealers,
insurance companies, holders who hold their stock as part of a hedge, straddle
or conversion transaction, or holders who acquired their stock through the
exercise of employee stock options or other compensation arrangements). In
addition, this summary does not address the tax consequences of the merger under
applicable state, local, foreign or other laws. YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT YOUR
OWN TAX ADVISORS TO DETERMINE THE PARTICULAR CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO YOU,
INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN
TAX LAWS.

    The receipt of cash consideration in exchange for shares of eXcelon common
stock in the merger or upon exercise of appraisal rights should generally result
in the recognition by the stockholder of gain or loss measured by the difference
between the stockholder's basis in the shares and the amount of cash received.
That gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss if the common stock is
held as a capital asset at the effective time of the merger. Any capital gain or
loss generally will be long-term gain or loss if the common stock has been held
by the holder for more than one year. If the common stock has been held by the
holder for less than one year, any gain or loss generally will be taxed as a
short-term capital gain or loss.

    The above tax consequences generally will not apply to amounts received upon
the conversion of stock options and may not apply to amounts received upon the
exchange of common stock that was acquired under eXcelon's employee stock
purchase plan. Special tax rules may require, among other things, that the
income recognized pursuant to such transactions will be compensation income
rather than capital gains. The compensation income generally will be taxable at
ordinary income rates. Accordingly, you should review the offering materials
associated with eXcelon's stock purchase plan for more information and you
should consult your own tax advisor as to the tax consequences associated with
the conversion of options and the exchange of common stock purchased under the
employee stock purchase plan.

ACCOUNTING MATTERS

    eXcelon believes that the merger will be accounted for by Progress Software
using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.

EFFECTS OF THE MERGER

    After the merger becomes effective, eXcelon stockholders will cease to have
ownership interests in eXcelon or rights as eXcelon stockholders and will not
participate in eXcelon's future earnings, losses or growth.

    As a result of the merger, eXcelon will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
Progress Software and Progress Software will have complete control over the
management and conduct of eXcelon's business. After the merger, there will be no
public market for eXcelon common stock, eXcelon common stock will not be listed
on The Nasdaq National Market and price quotations with respect to sales of
shares of eXcelon common stock in the public market will no longer be available.
In addition, after the effective time of the merger, eXcelon will no longer be
required to file periodic reports with the SEC.

FINANCING FOR THE MERGER

    Progress Software estimates that approximately $26 million will be required
to complete the merger and pay the related fees and expenses. Progress
Software's obligations to complete the merger are not subject to any conditions
relating to financing. Progress Software expects to fund the merger and related
expenses through cash on hand.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF THE MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE
MERGER AGREEMENT. THIS SUMMARY IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE
COMPLETE TEXT OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT, WHICH IS ATTACHED AS APPENDIX A TO THIS
PROXY STATEMENT AND INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS PROXY STATEMENT. YOU
SHOULD READ THE MERGER AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY.

THE MERGER

    When the merger occurs, Chopin Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Progress Software will merge with and into eXcelon, the separate corporate
existence of Chopin Merger Sub will cease and eXcelon will survive and continue
to exist as a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Progress
Software. We refer to the company that survives the merger as the surviving
corporation.

    The completion of the merger is conditioned on:

    - approval of the merger by eXcelon's stockholders; and

    - satisfaction or valid waiver of the other conditions described below under
      "--Conditions to Completion of the Merger."

EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER

    The merger will become effective at the time of filing of a certificate of
merger, or at a later time specified in the certificate of merger, in accordance
with Delaware law.

MERGER CONSIDERATION

    At the effective time of the merger, each share of eXcelon common stock will
be converted automatically into the right to receive $3.19 in cash, without
interest, except that:

    - each share of eXcelon common stock held by eXcelon, Progress Software or
      any of their wholly owned subsidiaries will be canceled without any
      payment; and

    - each share of eXcelon common stock held by stockholders who properly
      perfect their appraisal rights under Delaware law will be entitled to an
      appraisal by the Delaware Court of Chancery to determine the "fair value"
      of those shares in accordance with Delaware law, exclusive of any element
      of value arising from the expectation or accomplishment of the merger.

TREATMENT OF EXCELON OPTIONS AND EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

    All options to purchase shares of eXcelon common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger with an exercise price of
less than $3.19 per share will be canceled at the effective time of the merger
in exchange for a payment (subject to any applicable withholding taxes) equal to
the product of (1) the total number of shares of eXcelon common stock subject to
the stock option and (2) the excess of $3.19 over the exercise price per share
of eXcelon common stock subject to the stock option, payable in cash immediately
following the merger. All other outstanding options to purchase eXcelon common
stock will be canceled at the effective time of the merger without any payment.

    The merger agreement requires eXcelon to take action under the terms of its
1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (referred to as the ESPP) to provide that:

    - the offering under the ESPP as of the date of the merger agreement was
      terminated on October 31, 2002;

    - no offering under the ESPP will commence after the date of the merger
      agreement unless the merger agreement is terminated;

    - there are no rights to acquire eXcelon common stock outstanding under the
      ESPP on or after November 1, 2002; and

    - contingent upon the consummation of the merger, the ESPP will be
      terminated.

    Except as provided above, any option, plan, program or arrangement providing
for the issuance or grant of any interest in respect of the capital stock of
eXcelon or any subsidiary will terminate upon the merger, without any payment or
other consideration, and following the merger, no holder of an eXcelon stock
option nor any participant in any such plan, program or arrangement will have
any right to acquire capital securities of the surviving corporation or of
Progress Software.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

    The merger agreement contains a number of customary representations and
warranties relating to each of the parties and their ability to consummate the
merger. Among others, eXcelon makes representations and warranties to Progress
Software regarding:

    - organization and qualification to do business;

    - subsidiaries;

    - capital structure;

    - corporate authority to enter into the merger agreement;

    - board approval and required stockholder vote;

    - SEC filings and financial statements;

    - absence of certain changes or events since June 30, 2002;

    - material contracts and permits;

    - absence of litigation;

    - employee and labor matters and benefit plans;

    - properties and assets;

    - tax matters;

    - environmental matters;

    - intellectual property;

    - the opinion of SG Cowen;

    - brokers; and

    - interested party transactions.

    Among others, Progress Software makes representations and warranties to
eXcelon regarding:

    - organization and qualification to do business;

    - corporate authority to enter into the merger agreement;

    - operations of Chopin Merger Sub;

    - financing;

    - brokers; and

    - absence of relationship as an "interested stockholder."

    All representations and warranties of each party expire at the effective
time of the merger.

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS OF EXCELON

    The merger agreement provides that, prior to the effective time of the
merger, unless Progress Software consents otherwise in writing, eXcelon will
conduct its business only in the ordinary course of business, consistent with
past practice and according to the plans and budgets previously provided to
Progress Software, and will use reasonable best efforts to preserve intact its
business organization, properties and assets, keep available the services of its
officers, employees and consultants, maintain in effect its material contracts
and preserve its relationships, customers, licensees, suppliers and other
persons with which it has business relations. Subject to specified exceptions,
the merger agreement also provides that, until the effective time, eXcelon may
not, without the consent of Progress Software:

    - amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

    - issue or sell stock, options or other securities (except that eXcelon may
      issue shares under outstanding stock options or the ESPP);

    - redeem or acquire any of its capital stock or any interest in or
      securities of any of its subsidiaries;

    - sell, transfer, pledge, dispose of or encumber any properties, facilities,
      equipment or other assets, except for sales of inventory and equipment in
      the ordinary course of business and not material in amount, either
      individually or in the aggregate;

    - change its capital stock or take actions relating to dividends and other
      distributions;

    - sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of or encumber any intellectual
      property rights, or materially amend or modify any existing agreements
      with respect to any intellectual property rights (except for specified
      exceptions consistent with past practice);

    - acquire any other entity or division of another entity;

    - incur debt or make any loans or enter into any financial commitments,
      except in the ordinary course of business and as otherwise permitted under
      existing loan agreements;

    - authorize or make any new capital expenditures individually in excess of
      $25,000 or in the aggregate in excess of $100,000;

    - enter into or amend any employee benefit plans or other employment,
      consulting, severance and compensation arrangements, or increase
      compensation or fringe benefits;

    - change its accounting policies or procedures;

    - create or assume any liens, other than permitted liens on any material
      properties or assets;

    - modify or enter into any material contract or lease of real property,
      other than in the ordinary course of business;

    - enter into any agreement that restricts its ability to assign its rights
      or obligations under such agreement;

    - amend or enter into any agreement that grants exclusive supply,
      manufacturing, production, marketing or distribution rights with respect
      to any of its products or technologies;

    - enter into any agreement with a term of greater than one year or which can
      reasonably be expected to result in payment obligations in excess of
      $25,000;

    - make any material tax election or settle any material tax liability;

    - discharge or settle any material litigation or waive or assign related
      rights, other than in the ordinary course of business and that involve the
      payment of amounts not in excess of $20,000 individually or $100,000 in
      the aggregate, do not impose any restriction on the conduct of business
      and do not include admissions of wrongdoing;

    - accelerate or amend the terms of options;

    - fail to maintain current insurance policies or permit any insurance policy
      to lapse without a reasonable replacement;

    - fail to make expenditures, to the extent budgeted or consistent with past
      practices, necessary to improve the conditions of its properties,
      facilities and equipment;

    - take any action or fail to take any reasonable action which could
      reasonably be expected to result in either (1) any of the representations
      and warranties in the merger agreement becoming untrue in any material
      respect or (2) any of the conditions to the closing in the merger
      agreement not being satisfied as of the closing; and

    - authorize, recommend, propose or enter into agreements or commitments to
      do any of the foregoing.

NO SOLICITATION

    eXcelon has agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, through any
representative or agent, solicit, initiate or encourage inquiries or proposals
with respect to, or engage in any negotiations concerning, or provide any
non-public information to, or have any discussions with, any person other than
Progress Software that constitute, or could reasonably be expected to lead to,
or agree to, approve or recommend, an acquisition proposal.

    An acquisition proposal is defined in the merger agreement as a merger,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, sale of substantial assets,
sale of shares of capital stock consisting of at least 20% of the then currently
outstanding shares (including, without limitation, pursuant to a tender offer)
or similar transaction or series of transactions. Despite this restriction,
eXcelon's board of directors may take and disclose a position with respect to
any tender or exchange offer by a third party and may furnish information to, or
enter into discussions with, any person that makes an unsolicited bona fide
written acquisition proposal, or recommend such an unsolicited bona fide written
acquisition proposal to the eXcelon stockholders, if the eXcelon board:

    (a) determines in good faith, based upon the advice of its financial
       advisor, that such acquisition proposal would, if consummated, be more
       favorable, from a financial point of view, to eXcelon's stockholders than
       the merger with Progress Software (any such more favorable acquisition
       proposal is referred to as a superior proposal);

    (b) determines in good faith, based upon the advice of its outside legal
       counsel that such action is necessary for eXcelon to comply with its
       fiduciary duties to its stockholders under applicable law; and

    (c) before furnishing non-public information to or entering into discussions
       with such person, enters into a non-disclosure agreement with such
       person.

    eXcelon agreed to notify Progress Software as soon as practicable, and in
any event within 24 hours, after receipt, or after learning of receipt by its
advisors, of any acquisition proposal or any request for non-public information
in connection with an acquisition proposal or for access to its properties,
books or records by any person that informs eXcelon that it is considering
making, or has made, an acquisition proposal, including the identity of the
offeror and the terms of the proposal. eXcelon also agreed to notify Progress
Software of any discussions with a person who has made an acquisition proposal
within 24 hours of the discussions and disclose the substance of the discussions
in reasonable detail.

TENDER OFFER OPTION

    As an alternative to obtaining eXcelon stockholder approval of the merger,
Progress Software could have commenced a tender offer to purchase all
outstanding shares of eXcelon common stock at $3.19 per share. Under the merger
agreement, eXcelon would have been required to cooperate with, and to recommend,
such a tender offer. The tender offer-related provisions of the merger agreement
expired when this proxy statement was first mailed to stockholders.

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

    eXcelon agreed, among other things and subject to specified exceptions:

    - to hold a special meeting of its stockholders to approve the merger
      agreement;

    - to provide Progress Software and its representatives with reasonable
      access to information and employees;

    - not to issue any press release or other public announcement with respect
      to the merger without the consent of Progress Software; and

    - to execute, deliver and perform the option agreement.

    Progress Software agreed, among other things and subject to specified
exceptions:

    - to furnish all information concerning it and Chopin Merger Sub required to
      be included in this proxy statement;

    - to vote any eXcelon shares beneficially owned by it, or with respect to
      which it has voting power, in favor of the merger agreement and the merger
      at the special meeting; and

    - to assume all existing obligations for directors and officers
      indemnification and that these rights will continue after the merger in
      accordance with their terms, and it will purchase a five-year extended
      reporting period endorsement under eXcelon's existing directors' and
      officers' liability insurance policy, or a substantially similar policy,
      provided that Progress Software will not be required to expend in excess
      of $1,000,000 in the aggregate for payment of the premiums for this
      insurance.

    eXcelon and Progress Software agreed, among other things:

    - to use reasonable best efforts to take all actions necessary to effect the
      merger;

    - to give each other prompt notice of the occurrence or non-occurrence of
      any event which could reasonably be expected to result in a material
      breach of any covenant, condition, representation or warranty contained in
      the merger agreement; and

    - to give each other prompt notice of: (1) any notice from any person
      alleging that their consent is required in connection with the merger;
      (2) any notice from any governmental authority in connection with the
      merger; (3) any litigation, relating to or involving eXcelon or Progress
      Software that relates to the merger; (4) the occurrence of a default or
      event that, with notice or

      lapse of time or both, will become a default under a material contract of
      eXcelon; and (5) any change that would be reasonably likely to result in a
      material adverse effect to the party required to give notice or is likely
      to materially impair that party's ability to complete the merger.

CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

    The obligation of each of the parties to complete the merger is conditioned
upon the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

    - approval of the merger and merger agreement by eXcelon's stockholders; and

    - the absence of injunctions or other legal restraints preventing the
      merger.

    The obligation of Progress Software to complete the merger is conditioned
upon the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions:

    - eXcelon's representations and warranties qualified as to materiality shall
      be true and all of eXcelon's other representations and warranties shall be
      true in all material respects as of the date of the merger agreement and
      as of completion of the merger, except for any representations and
      warranties that speak as of a specific date, which are true as of that
      date, and except for any breaches which, considered in the aggregate,
      would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
      eXcelon;

    - eXcelon shall comply in all material respects with all of its agreements
      and covenants in the merger agreement;

    - Progress Software shall receive all required approvals and consents from
      governmental authorities or third parties, except where the failure to
      receive such approvals and consents could not reasonably be expected to
      result in a material adverse effect on eXcelon;

    - from the date of the merger agreement, no event which, alone or together
      with any one or more other events shall occur which could reasonably be
      expected to result in a material adverse effect on eXcelon;

    - Progress Software shall receive written resignations from all of the
      directors of eXcelon and its subsidiaries effective as of the merger; and

    - holders of no more than 5% of eXcelon's common stock shall demand and
      perfect their appraisal rights.

    The obligation of eXcelon to complete the merger is conditioned upon the
satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions:

    - Progress Software's representations and warranties qualified as to
      materiality shall be true and all of Progress Software's other
      representations and warranties shall be true in all material respects as
      of the date of the merger agreement and as of completion of the merger,
      except for any representations and warranties that speak as of a specific
      date, which are true as of that date, and except for any breaches which
      would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
      Progress Software;

    - Progress Software and Chopin Merger Sub shall comply in all material
      respects with all of their agreements and covenants in the merger
      agreement, except for any failure to comply which would not reasonably be
      expected to have a material adverse effect on Progress Software; and

    - eXcelon shall receive all required approvals and consents from
      governmental authorities or third parties, except where the failure to
      receive such approvals and consents could not reasonably be expected to
      result in a material adverse effect on Progress Software.

    A "material adverse effect" on eXcelon is defined in the merger agreement to
mean any change, event or effect that is materially adverse to the business,
assets (including, without limitation, intangible assets), financial condition,
results of operations or reasonably foreseeable prospects of eXcelon and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, including without limitation:

    - litigation not otherwise disclosed to Progress Software as of the date of
      the merger agreement (or if so disclosed, modified by amendment or
      otherwise to include additional claims against eXcelon) that is reasonably
      likely to be determined adversely to eXcelon, and if determined adversely
      to eXcelon, (A) if money damages are sought, would, in the aggregate,
      result in liability to eXcelon in excess of $1,000,000 (exclusive of any
      amounts that would be covered and payable under any insurance policy) or
      (B) if equitable relief is sought, which would prohibit or otherwise
      materially impair eXcelon from conducting its business in the manner
      presently conducted;

    - eXcelon's failure to disclose obligations, whether written or oral, due
      third parties, including customers, including liabilities under
      maintenance, consulting, and other service agreements with customers and
      other third parties, in excess, in the aggregate, of $500,000;

    - eXcelon's failure to disclose proprietary rights of third parties which
      may materially impair eXcelon's material intellectual property rights or
      may require eXcelon to pay fees or other damages to third parties in
      excess, in the aggregate, of $500,000, including without limitation, the
      undisclosed incorporation of third party software proprietary rights,
      directly or indirectly, as components of eXcelon's software products and
      services;

    - eXcelon's failure to disclose payments or loans, in cash or in kind, made,
      or to be made, to any of its officers or directors in excess of $50,000,
      other than in accordance with its customary compensation and cost
      reimbursement practices;

    - eXcelon's failure to achieve total revenues for the third quarter ended
      September 30, 2002 of at least $7,850,000; or

    - the determination that eXcelon's accounts receivable, net of established
      reserves, are not collectible, in the aggregate, in an amount in excess of
      $500,000.

    A material adverse effect on eXcelon specifically excludes:

    - any other changes, events or effects that are attributable to conditions
      resulting from the announcement of the merger agreement and the pendency
      of the merger;

    - any effect resulting from or arising in connection with (A) changes or
      conditions generally affecting the industries or segments in which eXcelon
      operates or (B) changes in general economic, market or political
      conditions which, in the case of (A) or (B), is not specifically related
      to, or does not have a materially disproportionate effect (relative to
      other industry participants) on, eXcelon; provided, that any reduction in
      the market price or trading volume of eXcelon's publicly traded common
      stock shall not be deemed to constitute a material adverse effect;

    - the delisting of eXcelon's common stock from The Nasdaq National Market;
      and

    - the initiation or threat of initiation of litigation that seeks to enjoin
      or prevent, or that seeks damages in respect of, the consummation of the
      merger.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT; TERMINATION FEE

    The merger agreement may be terminated by the mutual written consent of the
parties. In addition, either Progress Software or eXcelon may terminate the
merger agreement if:

    - the merger has not been consummated by January 31, 2003 (provided that the
      terminating party's failure to fulfill any material obligation under the
      merger agreement is not the cause);

    - a governmental authority issues an order, which is final and
      non-appealable and restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits the merger;

    - the requisite vote of eXcelon's stockholders is not obtained at the
      special meeting (or any adjournment or postponement of the special
      meeting); or

    - at any time any of the representations and warranties of the other party
      become untrue or inaccurate or the other party breaches its covenants or
      agreements such that the conditions to closing would not be met and, in
      each case, the breach (if curable) has not been cured within 20 days after
      notice of the breach to the breaching party (provided that the first party
      is not in material breach of its obligations).

    In addition, Progress Software may terminate the merger agreement if the
eXcelon board of directors:

    (a) approves or recommends any acquisition proposal other than the merger;

    (b) fails to present and recommend the approval and adoption of the merger
       agreement and the merger to the eXcelon stockholders;

    (c) fails to mail the proxy statement to the stockholders within a
       reasonable period of time after it is available for mailing or fails to
       include in the proxy statement the board's recommendation to approve and
       adopt the merger agreement;

    (d) upon a request by Progress Software to publicly reaffirm the approval
       and recommendation of the merger, fails to do so within two business days
       after such request is made;

    (e) enters into any agreement related to any acquisition proposal other than
       the merger;

    (f) breaches its obligations in the merger agreement not to solicit other
       acquisition proposals;

    (g) breaches the option agreement; or

    (h) resolves or announces its intention to do any of the foregoing.

    eXcelon must pay to Progress Software a termination fee in cash equal to
$1,200,000 if:

    - Progress Software terminates the merger agreement in accordance with
      clauses (a) through (h) above;

    - (1) if another party makes, or expresses its intention to make, an
      acquisition proposal; (2) the merger agreement is subsequently terminated
      because eXcelon's stockholders do not approve the merger agreement and
      (3) the other acquisition proposal is completed within one year of
      termination of the merger agreement; or

    - Progress Software terminates the merger agreement due to eXcelon's
      intentional breach of its representations, warranties, covenants or
      agreements in the merger agreement.

FEES AND EXPENSES

    Except for the termination fee, and as described in the following sentence,
all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger will be paid by the
party incurring such fees and expenses,

whether or not the merger is consummated. However, if eXcelon terminates the
merger agreement due to a breach by Progress Software of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements as described above, then Progress Software
must reimburse eXcelon for fees and expenses eXcelon incurred in connection with
the merger, including fees and expenses of counsel, investment bankers,
accountants, experts, consultants and other representatives, up to an aggregate
of $500,000.

AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

    Progress Software, Chopin Merger Sub and eXcelon may amend the merger
agreement at any time prior to the effective time of the merger by an instrument
in writing signed by all parties., However, after the eXcelon stockholders
approve the merger agreement, no amendment may be made that would reduce the
merger consideration.

    At any time prior to the merger, any party may:

    - extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
      acts required under the merger agreement;

    - waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained in
      the merger agreement; and

    - waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in the
      merger agreement.

    Any extension or waiver must be in writing signed by the party to be bound
by the extension or waiver.

                          THE STOCKHOLDERS' AGREEMENTS

    THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF THE MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE
STOCKHOLDERS' AGREEMENTS. THIS SUMMARY IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE
TO THE COMPLETE TEXT OF THE FORMS OF STOCKHOLDER'S AGREEMENT, WHICH ARE ATTACHED
AS APPENDIX C AND APPENDIX D TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT AND INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE INTO THIS PROXY STATEMENT. YOU SHOULD READ THE FORMS OF STOCKHOLDER'S
AGREEMENT IN THEIR ENTIRETY.

    All the directors of eXcelon, including those directors who are also
executive officers, have entered into stockholders' agreements with Progress
Software, the form of which is attached to this proxy statement as Appendix C.
In addition, the entities affiliated with InSight Capital Partners have entered
into a stockholder's agreement with Progress Software, the form of which is
attached to this proxy statement as Appendix D. Under these stockholders'
agreements the stockholders agree:

    - to vote to approve the merger agreement and against any other acquisition
      proposal;

    - not to transfer his or her shares of eXcelon common stock;

    - to grant an irrevocable proxy to Progress Software and Chopin Merger Sub
      to vote to approve the merger agreement and against any other acquisition
      proposal;

    - to waive appraisal rights in connection with the merger; and

    - not to solicit any other acquisition proposal or cooperate with any party
      seeking to make an acquisition proposal, and to notify Progress Software
      of receipt of an acquisition proposal or request for information.

    In addition, under the stockholders' agreement entered into by eXcelon's
directors, each director has granted to Progress Software an option to purchase
his shares of eXcelon common stock, exercisable in whole or in part, at a price
of $3.19 per share.

    The option is exercisable prior to termination of the stockholders'
agreements if:

    - the merger agreement has been terminated:

       - because eXcelon's stockholders did not approve the merger agreement;

       - by Progress Software due to eXcelon's breach of its representations,
         warranties, covenants or agreements under the merger agreement; or

       - by Progress Software and Progress Software is entitled to receive the
         termination fee.

    - neither Progress Software nor Chopin Merger Sub has breached any of its
      obligations under the merger agreement and the breach was the primary
      cause of the failure of the merger or a tender offer by Chopin Merger Sub
      to be consummated;

    - no preliminary or permanent injunction or other court order invalidating
      the grant or prohibiting the exercise of the option or the delivery of the
      option shares is in effect; and

    - all applicable waiting periods under any applicable foreign antitrust law
      or regulation have expired or been terminated.

    If Progress Software exercises the option and eXcelon consummates a
different acquisition proposal within 12 months of the exercise, Progress
Software will be required to pay the stockholder 50% of the profit that Progress
Software receives in the other acquisition transaction for the shares purchased
from the stockholder.

    The stockholders' agreements terminate upon the earliest of (1) the
termination of the merger agreement, (2) the written mutual consent of Progress
Software and the stockholder, and (3) the effective time of the merger; provided
that if the stockholders' agreements terminate as a result of termination of the
merger agreement, the option will remain exercisable for 90 days following the
termination.

    On the record date, all stockholders who entered into stockholders'
agreements, in the aggregate, owned (either beneficially or of record)
eXcelon shares, constituting approximately       % of the outstanding eXcelon
shares.

                              THE OPTION AGREEMENT

    THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF THE MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE
OPTION AGREEMENT. THIS SUMMARY IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE
COMPLETE TEXT OF THE OPTION AGREEMENT, WHICH IS ATTACHED AS APPENDIX E TO THIS
PROXY STATEMENT AND INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS PROXY STATEMENT. YOU
SHOULD READ THE OPTION AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY.

    Concurrently with entering into the merger agreement, eXcelon and Progress
Software entered into a stock option agreement under which eXcelon granted
Progress Software an irrevocable option, exercisable in whole or in part, to
purchase up to 1,475,000 shares of eXcelon's common stock (representing
approximately 19.9% of the outstanding common stock) at a price per share of
$3.19. This option will become exercisable if Progress Software becomes entitled
to receive the termination fee under the merger agreement.

    The option exercise price can be paid, at Progress Software's option:

    - in cash;

    - by surrender of a portion of the option (valued at fair market value as
      provided in the agreement); or

    - a combination of cash and surrender of a portion of the option.

    If triggered, the option is exercisable until the first to occur of:

    - the effective time of the merger;

    - termination of the option agreement by Progress Software;

    - termination of the merger agreement under circumstances where the
      termination fee could not become payable; or

    - 12 months from the date of termination of the merger agreement.

    The option agreement provides Progress Software with both demand and
piggyback registration rights with respect to any shares received upon exercise
of the option.

    Progress Software may require eXcelon to repurchase (1) the option or any
part of the option at a price per share equal to the amount by which the
market/offer price exceeds the exercise price or (2) any shares purchased by
Progress Software upon exercise of the option at a price per share equal to
market/offer price. The "market/offer price" is defined as the highest of:

    - the highest per share price offered or paid in any acquisition proposal
      for 10% or more of eXcelon's outstanding capital stock;

    - the highest closing price for eXcelon common stock during the ten trading
      days ending on the second trading day prior to the date Progress Software
      delivers a repurchase notice to eXcelon; and

    - in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of eXcelon's assets,
      the sum of the net price paid in the sale plus the current market value of
      eXcelon's remaining net assets divided by the number of shares of eXcelon
      common stock outstanding at the time of the sale.

    Progress Software's total profit from the option may not exceed $1,200,000,
less the amount of any termination fee paid by eXcelon pursuant to the merger
agreement. "Total profit from the option" is defined as the aggregate amount
before taxes received by Progress Software in a sale of the option or option
shares (less exercise price paid) to eXcelon or to a third party.

                          INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS

    You should be aware of potential conflicts of interest and the benefits
available to eXcelon's officers and directors as a result of the merger when
considering eXcelon's board of directors' recommendation to eXcelon stockholders
to vote in favor of the merger. As a result, eXcelon directors and officers may
have interests in the transaction that are different from, or in addition to,
the interests of other eXcelon stockholders.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS AND CHANGE OF CONTROL PROVISIONS

    eXcelon has employment agreements with each of:

    - Robert N. Goldman, Chairman of our board of directors;

    - Joseph M. Bellini, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of
      directors;

    - Philip Lee, President;

    - Lacey Brandt, Chief Financial Officer;

    - Clifford B. Thompson, Executive Vice President and General Counsel;

    - Kenneth W. Rugg, Chief Technology Officer and Vice President of Product
      Development; and

    - Larry Alston, Executive Vice President of Product Management.

    The merger will constitute a "change of control" under each of these
agreements and will trigger rights of the executives to receive severance
payments and benefits if terminated after the merger.

    Under Mr. Goldman's employment agreement, Mr. Goldman is employed as
Chairman of the board, receives an annual salary of $250,000 and is entitled to
receive the benefits that eXcelon generally provides to its senior executives.
The agreement has an initial term of two years that expires on September 19,
2003. If Mr. Goldman's employment with eXcelon (1) is terminated by eXcelon
within 12 months after the merger, or (2) is terminated by Mr. Goldman within
90 days after an event of constructive termination, he will be entitled to
severance equal to his salary and benefits until September 19, 2003, the end of
his original employment term. Constructive termination is defined as:

    - any relocation of Mr. Goldman's workplace more than 50 miles from his
      original workplace without his consent;

    - the assignment to Mr. Goldman of any duties or responsibilities
      inappropriate for his position;

    - a failure to appoint or reelect him to the eXcelon board of directors; or

    - any reduction in Mr. Goldman's compensation or benefits without his
      written consent.

    Under Mr. Bellini's employment agreement, Mr. Bellini is employed as Chief
Executive Officer, receives an annual salary of $315,000 (subject to adjustment
at the end of each year of employment to reflect changes in the cost of living
index) and is eligible to receive an annual performance bonus of up to $300,000,
as well as the benefits that eXcelon generally provides to its senior
executives. The agreement has an initial term of two years that expires on
September 19, 2003, and renews automatically for additional one-year terms
unless eXcelon gives notice of non-renewal 90 days prior to the end of the
then-current term. If Mr. Bellini's employment with eXcelon (1) is terminated by
eXcelon within 12 months after the merger, or (2) is terminated by Mr. Bellini
within 90 days after an event of constructive termination, he will be entitled
to severance equal to his monthly salary multiplied by 12 plus the amount of his
maximum performance bonus, and benefits for 12 months following the termination
of his employment. Constructive termination is defined as:

    - any relocation of Mr. Bellini's workplace more than 50 miles from his
      original workplace without his consent;

    - the assignment to Mr. Bellini of any duties or responsibilities
      inappropriate for his position;

    - a failure to appoint or reelect him to the eXcelon board of directors;

    - any reduction in Mr. Bellini's compensation or benefits without his
      written consent;

    - any change in Mr. Bellini's reporting relationship such that he no longer
      reports to the eXcelon board of directors; or

    - a failure to extend the terms of Mr. Bellini's employment agreement at the
      end of the then-current term.

    Under Ms. Brandt's employment agreement, Ms. Brandt is employed as Chief
Financial Officer. Ms. Brandt's compensation is established by the board of
directors, and for the year ending December 31, 2002, Ms. Brandt's annual salary
is $165,000, and her maximum performance bonus is $75,000. If Ms. Brandt's
employment with eXcelon (1) is terminated by eXcelon within 12 months after the
merger, or (2) is terminated by Ms. Brandt within 90 days after an event of
constructive termination, she will be entitled to severance equal to her monthly
salary multiplied by 12 plus the amount of her maximum performance bonus, and
benefits for 12 months following her termination. Constructive termination is
defined as:

    - any relocation of Ms. Brandt's workplace more than 50 miles from her
      original workplace without her consent;

    - the assignment to Ms. Brandt of any duties or responsibilities
      inappropriate for her position;

    - any reduction in Ms. Brandt's compensation or benefits without her written
      consent;

    - any material diminution of Ms. Brandt's authority or responsibilities; or

    - any change in Ms. Brandt's reporting relationship such that she no longer
      reports to the chief executive officer.

    Under Mr. Lee's employment agreement, Mr. Lee is employed as president.
Mr. Lee's compensation is established by the board of directors, and for the
year ending December 31, 2002, Mr. Lee's annual salary is $225,000, and his
maximum performance bonus is $175,000. The agreement has an initial term of one
year that expires on January 8, 2003, and renews automatically for additional
one-year terms unless eXcelon gives notice of non-renewal 90 days prior to the
end of the then-current term. Mr. Lee will receive severance equal to his
monthly salary multiplied by 12 plus the maximum amount of his performance
bonus, and benefits for 12 months if:

    - Mr. Lee's employment with eXcelon is terminated by eXcelon within
      12 months after the merger,

    - Mr. Lee terminates his employment within 90 days after an event of
      constructive termination

    - eXcelon elects not to renew the term of his employment agreement; or

    - Mr. Lee's employment is terminated due to disability.

    Constructive termination is defined as:

    - any relocation of Mr. Lee's workplace more than 50 miles from his original
      workplace without his consent;

    - any reduction in Mr. Lee's duties below that of president of a division
      comparable in size to the Object Design division in May 2001; or

    - any reduction in Mr. Lee's base salary, target bonus or benefits without
      his written consent.

    Under their respective employment agreements, each of Messrs. Rugg, Alston
and Thompson is employed as a member of the executive staff, receives an annual
salary of $165,000, $180,000 and $153,000, respectively and is entitled to
receive the benefits that eXcelon generally provides to its senior executives.
Each agreement has a initial term of six months that expires on November 16,
2002, and renews automatically for additional six-month terms unless eXcelon
gives notice of non-renewal 90 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
Each employee will be entitled to severance equal to his monthly salary
multiplied by six and benefits for 12 months following his termination in the
following circumstances:

    - upon voluntary termination of his employment within 180 days after an
      event of constructive termination; or

    - upon any termination by eXcelon of his employment within the 12 months
      following a change of control.

    Constructive termination is defined as:

    - any relocation of the executive's workplace more than 50 miles from his
      original workplace without his consent;

    - the assignment to the executive of any duties or responsibilities
      inappropriate for his position;

    - any reduction in the executive's compensation or benefits without his
      written consent; or

    - failure to extend the term of the executive's employment agreement at the
      end of the then-current term.

EXCELON STOCK OPTIONS AND SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

    Some directors and executive officers hold options under eXcelon's stock
option plans. If the exercise price of any of these options is less than $3.19
per share, the optionee will be entitled to receive the excess of $3.19 over the
per share exercise price. The rights of directors and executive officers with
respect to their options are the same as the rights of all other holders of
outstanding stock options granted by eXcelon.

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

    Under the merger agreement, Progress Software and the surviving corporation
agree that all rights to indemnification and exculpation from liabilities for
acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the merger (and rights for
advancement of expenses) existing at the time of execution of the merger
agreement in favor of the current or former directors or officers of eXcelon and
its subsidiaries will be assumed by the surviving corporation in the merger and
will survive the merger and continue in full force and effect in accordance with
their terms. If the surviving corporation or any of its successors or assigns
(1) consolidates with or merges into any other person and is not the continuing
or surviving corporation or (2) transfers or conveys all or substantially all
its assets to any person, or if Progress Software dissolves the surviving
corporation, then, and in each such case, Progress Software, agrees to cause the
successors and assigns of the surviving corporation assume these indemnification
obligations.

    Progress Software will, or eXcelon may with the prior written consent of
Progress Software, purchase a five-year extended reporting period endorsement
under eXcelon's existing directors' and officers' liability insurance policy, or
with eXcelon's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld
or conditioned, a substantially similar policy, with respect to claims arising
from facts or events that occurred on or prior to the effective time of the
merger. Progress Software or the surviving corporation will not be obligated to
spend in excess of $1,000,000 in the aggregate to pay the premiums for this
insurance.

STOCKHOLDERS' AGREEMENTS

    Concurrently with entering into the merger agreement, all the directors of
eXcelon, including those directors who are also executive officers, and the
entities affiliated with InSight Capital Partners, have entered into
stockholders' agreements under which these stockholders have agreed, among other
things, to vote their eXcelon shares in favor of the merger. For a more detailed
description of the terms and conditions of the stockholders' agreements, see
"The Stockholders' Agreements."

                          VOTING RIGHTS AND PROCEDURES

DATE, TIME AND PLACE OF SPECIAL MEETING

    The special meeting will be held on         , 2002 beginning at 10:00 a.m.
at eXcelon headquarters located at 25 Mall Road, Burlington, Massachusetts
01803. The accompanying proxy is being solicited by the eXcelon board of
directors and is to be voted at the special meeting or any adjournment or
postponement of the special meeting.

WHAT YOU WILL VOTE ON

    As described in this proxy statement, eXcelon stockholders are being asked
to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of October 18, 2002, among eXcelon, Progress Software and
Chopin Merger Sub, by which Chopin Merger Sub (a wholly owned subsidiary of
Progress Software), will merge with and into eXcelon, with eXcelon being the
surviving corporation in the merger and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of
Progress Software. The holders of eXcelon common stock will be entitled to
receive $3.19 per share of eXcelon common stock as a result of the merger.

RECOMMENDATION OF EXCELON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    The eXcelon board of directors has unanimously determined that the merger is
advisable, fair to and in the best interests of eXcelon and its stockholders and
unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the merger.

ONLY EXCELON STOCKHOLDERS OF RECORD AS OF NOVEMBER 7, 2002 ARE ENTITLED TO VOTE

    The close of business on November 7, 2002 is the record date for determining
the holders of eXcelon common stock who are entitled to receive notice of and to
vote with respect to the matters described in this proxy statement.

VOTES REQUIRED

    In order for business to be conducted at the special meeting, a quorum must
be present. A quorum consists of the holders of a majority of the shares of
common stock issued and outstanding on the record date and entitled to vote.
Shares of common stock represented in person or by proxy (including abstentions
and broker non-votes) will be counted for purposes of determining whether a
quorum exists. If a quorum is not present, the special meeting will be adjourned
until a quorum is obtained.

    In order to approve the merger, the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of eXcelon common stock must vote for approval and adoption of the merger
agreement. This means that if you do not vote your shares, your failure to vote
will have the same effect as a vote against the merger.

    Each holder of eXcelon common stock outstanding on the record date is
entitled to one vote for each such share held. As of the record date, there were
      shares of common stock outstanding. Stockholders representing       % of
the issued and outstanding common stock have entered into stockholders'
agreements with Progress Software. In the stockholders' agreements, these
stockholders agreed to vote all their shares of eXcelon common stock in favor of
the merger and against any competing transaction. The forms of stockholder's
agreement are attached as Appendix C and Appendix D.

VOTING YOUR SHARES AND CHANGING YOUR VOTE

    You may vote by signing your proxy card or, if your shares are held in
street name through a brokerage firm or bank, the voting instruction card
included by your broker, and mailing it in the enclosed, postage prepaid and
addressed envelope.

    If you hold your shares of eXcelon common stock in street name through a
brokerage firm or bank, they may only vote your shares at the special meeting in
accordance with your instructions. If the broker does not timely receive your
instructions, it may not vote your eXcelon common stock. This is known as a
broker non-vote. Because the approval and adoption of the merger agreement
requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the shares of eXcelon's
common stock outstanding on the record date, broker non-votes, as well as
abstentions and failures to vote, will have the same effect as a vote against
the merger.

    Any stockholder who has executed and returned a proxy and who for any reason
desires to revoke such proxy may do so at any time before the proxy is
exercised: (1) by delivering written notice prior to the special meeting to the
Secretary of eXcelon at 25 Mall Road, Burlington, Massachusetts 01803; (2) by
voting the shares represented by such proxy in person at the special meeting; or
(3) by giving a later dated proxy at any time before the voting at the special
meeting. Attendance at the special meeting will not, by itself, revoke a proxy.

    If your shares of eXcelon common stock are held in street name through a
brokerage firm or bank, you must follow the instructions received from your
broker to revoke your vote.

    You may vote "FOR," "AGAINST" or "ABSTAIN." If you "ABSTAIN," it has the
same effect as a vote "AGAINST." If you sign your proxy card with no further
instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations
of the board ("FOR" the merger agreement and the merger) and will also be voted
in the discretion of the proxy holders on any other matters that properly come
before the special meeting and matters incident to the conduct of the meeting.
eXcelon's board of directors does not know of any other matters which may come
before the special meeting and does not intend to present any other matters at
the special meeting.

    You may also vote in person at the special meeting. Even if you currently
plan to attend the special meeting, we recommend that you also submit your proxy
so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the special
meeting. Shares held in street name may be voted in person by you at the special
meeting only if you obtain a signed proxy from the record holder giving you the
right to vote the shares. Attendance at the special meeting will not in and of
itself constitute revocation of a proxy.

    In accordance with Delaware law, if a stockholder abstains from voting on an
action, that stockholder's shares will still be counted for determining whether
stockholders holding the requisite number of shares were represented at the
special meeting. If a broker does not vote on any particular action because it
does not have the authority to do so, but does vote on other actions, the shares
will still be counted for determining whether the requisite number of
stockholders attended the meeting.

TRANSMITTAL OF STOCK CERTIFICATES

    eXcelon stockholders should not send their stock certificates at this time.
If the merger is completed, you will receive instructions regarding how to
exchange your stock certificates for the $3.19 per share cash payment (without
interest and less any required withholding for tax) to be paid pursuant to the
merger agreement.

SOLICITATION OF PROXIES AND EXPENSES

    The solicitation of proxies from eXcelon stockholders is made on behalf of
the board of directors of eXcelon. eXcelon will pay the cost of preparing,
assembling, printing, mailing and distributing these proxy materials. eXcelon
has retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. to assist in the
solicitation of proxies by eXcelon. eXcelon will pay Georgeson a fee of
approximately $8,000, plus reimbursement of specified out-of-pocket expenses,
and will indemnify Georgeson against losses arising out of its proxy
solicitation services on behalf of eXcelon. Georgeson and eXcelon may request
that eXcelon's directors, officers or employees solicit proxies from
stockholders in person, by telephone, by electronic communication or by other
means. These persons will not receive any additional compensation for these
solicitation activities, although they will be reimbursed for the reasonable,
out-of-pocket expenses they incur in connection with this solicitation.
Georgeson and eXcelon will also make arrangements with brokerage firms,
fiduciaries and other nominees who are record holders of eXcelon common stock to
forward solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of those shares. eXcelon
will reimburse brokerage firms, fiduciaries and other nominees for their
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this solicitation.

                      PRICE RANGE OF EXCELON COMMON STOCK

    eXcelon common stock is traded on The Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "EXLN." The following table sets forth the high and low closing sale
prices for each quarterly period since January 1, 2000 and for the current
fiscal year to date as reported by The Nasdaq National Market. The table
reflects the one-for-eight reverse stock split of the common stock effected on
October 7, 2002.

                                                               HIGH       LOW
                                                             --------   --------

2002:
First Quarter..............................................  $ 12.24     $ 8.40
Second Quarter.............................................    12.80       5.92
Third Quarter..............................................     6.48       1.92
Fourth Quarter (through November 1, 2002)..................     3.13       1.29

2001:
First Quarter..............................................  $ 35.00     $12.00
Second Quarter.............................................    26.88      10.00
Third Quarter..............................................    11.60       2.08
Fourth Quarter.............................................     9.36       3.44

2000:
First Quarter..............................................  $213.50     $84.50
Second Quarter.............................................    94.00      48.50
Third Quarter..............................................   120.00      47.50
Fourth Quarter.............................................    97.00      10.25

    On October 18, 2002, the last trading day prior to announcement of the
merger agreement, the high and low sale prices per share of eXcelon common stock
as reported by The Nasdaq National Market were $3.10 and $1.97, respectively,
and the closing sale price was $2.41. On November 1, 2002, the closing sale
price per share of eXcelon common stock as reported by The Nasdaq National
Market was $3.12. You are urged to obtain current market quotes for eXcelon
common stock before making any decision regarding the merger.

                         SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
                        BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

    The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership,
as of November 1, 2002, concerning:

    - each beneficial owner of more than 5% of eXcelon's common stock;

    - beneficial ownership by all eXcelon directors, our Chief Executive Officer
      and our four highest paid executive officers as of December 31, 2001; and

    - beneficial ownership by all eXcelon directors and executive officers as a
      group.

    Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed
below is c/o eXcelon Corporation, 25 Mall Road, Burlington, Massachusetts 01803.

                                                      NUMBER OF SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED
                                                     -------------------------------------    PERCENTAGE
                                                     NUMBER OF     RIGHT TO                  BENEFICIALLY
NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER                               SHARES     ACQUIRE(1)      TOTAL        OWNED(2)
- ------------------------                             ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------

Robert Agate.......................................      6,360        4,583        10,943            *
Lawrence Alston....................................          2       17,153        17,155            *
Joseph L. Badaracco................................         79        6,706         6,785            *
Gerald B. Bay......................................     33,262        6,896        40,158            *
Joseph M. Bellini..................................     61,118      195,543       256,661         3.37%
Richard Putz.......................................         --       43,811        43,811            *
Rafael Rodriguez...................................      2,639        8,608        11,247            *
Clifford B. Thompson...............................        783       21,909        22,692            *
Robert N. Goldman..................................    125,000      149,611       274,611         3.62%
Jeffery Horing(3)..................................    432,623        1,875       434,498         5.85%
Entities of InSight Capital Partners(4)............    432,623           --       432,623         5.82%
Empire Capital Partners, L.P.(5)...................    362,488           --       362,488         4.88%
The Clark Estates(6)...............................    370,225           --       370,225         4.98%
All directors and executive officers as a group
  (13 persons).....................................    672,643      541,499     1,214,142        15.23%

- ------------------------

*   Represents holdings of less than 1%

(1) The "Right to Acquire" column reflects shares of common stock subject to
    options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or
    exercisable within 60 days of November 1, 2002.

(2) Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 7,428,738 shares of common
    stock outstanding as of November 1, 2002. In computing the percentage
    ownership of a person, shares of common stock that the person has a right to
    acquire within 60 days of November 1, 2002 are deemed outstanding. These
    shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the
    percentage ownership of any other person.

(3) These shares include shares held by InSight Capital Partners III, L.P.,
    InSight Capital Partners III Co-Investors, L.P., InSight Capital Partners
    (Cayman) III, L.P. and InSight Venture Management, Inc. Mr. Horing is a
    Managing Member of InSight Capital Partners III, L.P., InSight Capital
    Partners III Co-Investors, L.P., InSight Capital Partners (Cayman) III, L.P.
    and president of InSight Venture Management, Inc. Mr. Horing disclaims all
    but his pecuniary interest in these shares.

(4) These shares include shares held by InSight Capital Partners III, L.P.,
    InSight Capital Partners III Co-Investors, L.P., InSight Capital Partners
    (Cayman) III, L.P. and InSight Venture

    Management, Inc. The address of these entities is 680 Fifth Avenue, 8th
    Floor, New York, New York 10019.

(5) Based on information contained in a Schedule 13D filed on April 12, 2002, by
    Empire Capital Partners, L.P. The address of Empire Capital Partners, L.P.
    is 1 Gorham Island, Westport, Connecticut 06880.

(6) Based on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 16,
    2002, by The Clark Estates. The address of The Clark Estates is One
    Rockefeller Plaza, 31st Floor, New York, New York, 10020.

                                APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS UNDER DELAWARE LAW IS NOT A
COMPLETE STATEMENT OF THE LAW RELATING TO APPRAISAL RIGHTS AND IS QUALIFIED IN
ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE
GENERAL CORPORATION LAW, WHICH IS ATTACHED AS APPENDIX B. THIS DISCUSSION AND
APPENDIX B SHOULD BE REVIEWED CAREFULLY BY ANY STOCKHOLDER WHO WISHES TO
EXERCISE STATUTORY APPRAISAL RIGHTS OR WHO WISHES TO PRESERVE THE RIGHT TO DO
SO, AS FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THE PROCEDURES SET FORTH IN SECTION 262 WILL
RESULT IN THE LOSS OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

    Dissenters' rights of appraisal are provided for under Delaware law for
eXcelon stockholders. Under Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
(referred to as Section 262), holders of shares of common stock of eXcelon who
do not wish to accept $3.19 per share in cash for their shares of eXcelon common
stock may elect to have the "fair value" of their shares (exclusive of any
element of value arising from the expectation or accomplishment of the merger)
judicially determined and paid to the holders in cash, together with a fair rate
of interest, if any, provided that they comply with the conditions established
by Section 262. Under the merger agreement, Progress Software is not required to
complete the merger if holders of 5% or more of eXcelon's common stock demand
and perfect appraisal rights

    A record holder of shares of common stock of eXcelon who makes the demand
described below with respect to such shares, and who otherwise complies with the
statutory requirements of Section 262, will be entitled to an appraisal by the
Delaware Court of Chancery (referred to as the Delaware Court) of the fair value
of his, her or its shares of eXcelon common stock. Unless otherwise clarified,
all references in this summary of appraisal rights to a "stockholder" or
"holders of shares of eXcelon common stock" are to the record holder or holders
of shares of common stock of eXcelon.

    eXcelon is seeking the approval of its stockholders of the merger and the
merger agreement at a special meeting of stockholders. Any eXcelon stockholder
who votes in favor of the merger, in person or by proxy, will not be entitled to
demand appraisal of his, her or its shares. Under Section 262, where a merger is
submitted for approval at a meeting of the stockholders, the corporation, not
less than 20 days prior to the meeting, must notify each of its stockholders who
was such on the record date for such meeting of shares entitled to appraisal
rights in connection with the merger that appraisal rights are available to such
stockholders and include in each such notice a copy of Section 262. This proxy
statement constitutes that notice to the holders of eXcelon common stock, and
the applicable statutory provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law are
attached to this proxy statement as Appendix B.

    Any holder of common stock wishing to exercise their appraisal rights under
Section 262 must satisfy each of the following conditions:

    - as more fully described below, the holder must deliver to eXcelon a
      written demand for appraisal of the holder's shares BEFORE the vote on the
      merger agreement at the special meeting, which demand will be sufficient
      if it reasonably informs eXcelon of the identity of the holder and that
      the holder intends to demand the appraisal of the holder's shares;

    - the holder must NOT vote the holder's shares of common stock in favor of
      the merger agreement and the holder must NOTconsent to the merger in
      writing; a proxy that does not contain voting instructions will, unless
      revoked, be voted in favor of adoption of the merger agreement, and
      therefore a stockholder who votes by proxy and who wishes to exercise
      appraisal rights must vote AGAINST the adoption of the merger agreement or
      ABSTAIN from voting on adoption of the merger agreement; and

    - the holder must continuously hold the shares from the date of making the
      demand through the effective time of the merger; a stockholder who is the
      record holder of shares of common stock on the date the written demand for
      appraisal is made but who transfers those shares before the effective time
      of the merger will lose any right to appraisal of those shares.

    Each eXcelon stockholder who desires to exercise appraisal rights must
deliver to eXcelon, before the taking of the vote on the merger, a written
demand for appraisal of the stockholder's shares. A demand for appraisal must
reasonably inform eXcelon of the identity of the stockholder and that the
stockholder intends to demand the appraisal of his, her or its shares of eXcelon
common stock. A proxy or vote against the merger does not constitute a demand
for appraisal. THE WRITTEN DEMAND FOR APPRAISAL MUST BE IN ADDITION TO AND
SEPARATE FROM ANY SUCH PROXY OR VOTE.

    A stockholder who elects to exercise appraisal rights should mail or deliver
his, her or its written demand to:

                              eXcelon Corporation
                                  25 Mall Road
                        Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
                   Attention: Clifford B. Thompson, Secretary

    A person having a beneficial interest in shares of eXcelon common stock that
are held of record in the name of another person, such as a broker, fiduciary,
depositary or other nominee, must act promptly to cause the record holder to
follow the steps summarized in this section properly and in a timely manner to
perfect appraisal rights. If the shares of eXcelon common stock are owned of
record by a person other than the beneficial owner, including a broker,
fiduciary (such as a trustee, guardian or custodian), depositary or other
nominee, such demand must be executed by or for the record owner. If the shares
of eXcelon common stock are owned of record by more than one person, as in a
joint tenancy or tenancy in common, such demand must be executed by or for all
joint owners. An authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint
owners, may execute the demand for appraisal for a stockholder of record;
however, the agent must identify the record owner and expressly disclose the
fact that, in exercising the demand, such person is acting as agent for the
record owner.

    A record holder, such as a broker, fiduciary, depositary or other nominee,
who holds shares of eXcelon common stock as a nominee for others, may exercise
appraisal rights with respect to the shares held for all or less than all
beneficial owners of shares as to which such person is the record owner. In such
case, the written demand must set forth the number of shares covered by such
demand. Where the number of shares is not expressly stated, the demand will be
presumed to cover all shares of eXcelon common stock outstanding in the name of
such record owner.

    Within ten days after the effective time of the merger, eXcelon must notify
each eXcelon stockholder who properly exercised appraisal rights and who did not
vote in favor of or consent to the merger of the date that the merger became
effective. Within 120 days after the effective time, either eXcelon or any
stockholder who has complied with the required conditions of Section 262 may
file a petition in the Delaware Court, with a copy served on eXcelon in the case
of a petition filed by a stockholder, demanding a determination of the fair
value of the shares of all dissenting stockholders.

    If no petition for appraisal is filed with the Delaware Court within
120 days after the effective time of the merger, stockholders' rights to
appraisal shall cease, and all holders of shares of eXcelon common stock will be
entitled to receive the consideration offered pursuant to the merger agreement.
EXCELON HAS NO OBLIGATION TO FILE SUCH A PETITION, AND EXCELON HAS NO PRESENT
INTENTION TO DO SO. ANY HOLDER OF SHARES OF EXCELON COMMON STOCK WHO DESIRES
SUCH A PETITION TO BE FILED IS ADVISED TO FILE IT ON A TIMELY BASIS.

    Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any stockholder who
has complied with the applicable provisions of Section 262 will be entitled,
upon written request, to receive from eXcelon a statement setting forth the
aggregate number of shares of eXcelon common stock not voting in favor of or
consenting to the merger and the merger agreement and with respect to which
demands for appraisal were received by eXcelon and the number of holders of such
shares. We must mail this statement to the stockholder within ten days after the
written request has been received by eXcelon.

    If a petition for an appraisal is timely filed, at the hearing on such
petition, the Delaware Court will determine which stockholders are entitled to
appraisal rights. The Delaware Court may require the stockholders who have
demanded an appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by
certificates to submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery
for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; if any
stockholder fails to comply with such direction, the Delaware Court may dismiss
the proceedings as to such stockholder. Where proceedings are not dismissed, the
Delaware Court will appraise the shares of eXcelon common stock owned by such
stockholders, determining the fair value of such shares exclusive of any element
of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together
with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to
be the fair value.

    Although eXcelon believes that the consideration to be paid to holders of
eXcelon common stock in the merger is fair, no representation is made as to the
outcome of the appraisal of fair value as determined by the Delaware Court and
stockholders should recognize that such an appraisal could result in a
determination of a value higher or lower than, or the same as, the merger
consideration. Moreover, eXcelon does not anticipate offering more than the
merger consideration to any stockholder exercising appraisal rights and reserves
the right to assert, in any appraisal proceeding, that, for purposes of
Section 262, the "fair value" of a share of eXcelon common stock is less than
the merger consideration. In determining "fair value", the Delaware Court is
required to take into account all relevant factors. In WEINBERGER V. UOP, INC.,
the Delaware Supreme Court discussed the factors that could be considered in
determining fair value in an appraisal proceeding, stating that "proof of value
by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable in the
financial community and otherwise admissible in court" should be considered and
that "[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all relevant factors
involving the value of a company." The Delaware Supreme Court has stated that in
making this determination of fair value the court must consider market value,
asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of the enterprise and any
other facts which could be ascertained as of the date of the merger which throw
any light on future prospects of the merged corporation. Section 262 provides
that fair value is to be "exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger." In CEDE & CO. V.
TECHNICOLOR, INC., the Delaware Supreme Court stated that such exclusion is a
"narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass known elements of value," but which
rather applies only to the speculative elements of value arising from such
accomplishment or expectation. In WEINBERGER, the Delaware Supreme Court
construed Section 262 to mean that "elements of future value, including the
nature of the enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof as of the date
of the merger and not the product of speculation, may be considered."

    Holders of shares of eXcelon common stock considering seeking appraisal
should recognize that the fair value of their shares determined under
Section 262 could be more than, the same as or less than the consideration they
are entitled to receive pursuant to the merger agreement if they do not

seek appraisal of their shares. The cost of the appraisal proceeding may be
determined by the Delaware Court and taxed against the parties as the Delaware
Court deems equitable in the circumstances. However, costs do not include
attorneys' and expert witness fees. Each dissenting stockholder is responsible
for his, her or its attorneys' and expert witness expenses, although, upon
application of a dissenting stockholder of eXcelon, the Delaware Court may order
that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any dissenting stockholder in
connection with the appraisal proceeding, including without limitation,
reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro
rata against the value of all shares of stock entitled to appraisal.

    Any holder of shares of eXcelon common stock who has duly demanded appraisal
in compliance with Section 262 will not be entitled to vote or consent for any
purpose any shares subject to such demand or to receive payment of dividends or
other distributions on such shares, except for dividends or distributions
payable to stockholders of record at a date prior to the effective time of the
merger.

    Any stockholder may withdraw a demand for appraisal by delivering to eXcelon
a written withdrawal of his, her or its demand for appraisal and acceptance of
the merger consideration, except (1) that any such attempt to withdraw made more
than 60 days after the effective time of the merger will require written
approval of eXcelon and (2) that no appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court
shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the Delaware
Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware
Court deems just.

    If any holder of shares of eXcelon common stock who demands appraisal of
his, her or its shares under Section 262 fails to perfect, or effectively
withdraws or loses the right to appraisal, his, her or its shares will be
converted into a right to receive the consideration with respect to the holder's
dissenting shares in accordance with the merger agreement. Dissenting shares
lose their status as dissenting shares if:

    - the merger is abandoned;

    - the dissenting stockholder fails to make a timely written demand for
      appraisal;

    - the dissenting shares are voted in favor of the merger;

    - neither eXcelon, as the surviving corporation, nor the stockholder files a
      complaint or intervenes in a pending action within 120 days after the
      effective date of the merger; or

    - the stockholder delivers to eXcelon, as the surviving corporation, within
      60 days of the effective date of the merger, or thereafter with eXcelon's
      approval, a written withdrawal of the stockholder's demand for appraisal
      of the dissenting shares, although no appraisal proceeding in the Delaware
      Court may be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the
      court.

    FAILURE TO COMPLY STRICTLY WITH ALL OF THE PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN
SECTION 262 MAY RESULT IN THE LOSS OF YOUR STATUTORY APPRAISAL RIGHTS. IN VIEW
OF THE COMPLEXITY OF THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 262, IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING
EXERCISING YOUR DISSENTERS' RIGHTS TO THE MERGER, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN
LEGAL ADVISORS.

                                 OTHER MATTERS

INSPECTOR OF ELECTION

    A representative of EquiServe, eXcelon's transfer agent, will tabulate the
votes and act as the inspector of election.

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

    If the merger is completed, there will be no public participation in any
future meetings of eXcelon stockholders. However, if the merger is not
completed, eXcelon stockholders will continue to be entitled to attend and
participate in eXcelon stockholders' meetings. If the merger is not completed,
and you would like to make a proposal at eXcelon's 2003 annual stockholder
meeting or any special meeting held in lieu of the 2003 annual stockholder
meeting, you must comply with the notice provisions in Section 3 of eXcelon's
bylaws. To make such a proposal, you must give eXcelon written notice describing
the proposal not less than sixty days before the scheduled date of the annual
stockholder meeting. Assuming that next year's annual stockholder meeting is
held on the anniversary of the 2002 annual stockholder meeting, you must deliver
the required written notice of the proposal to the Secretary of eXcelon no later
than April 1, 2003.

    In addition, if the merger is not completed and you would like to include a
proposal in eXcelon's proxy materials relating to its 2003 annual stockholder
meeting or any special meeting held in lieu of the 2003 annual stockholder
meeting, eXcelon must receive the written proposal at its executive offices no
later than December 25, 2002. If eXcelon moves the date of the annual
stockholder meeting or special meeting in lieu of the annual stockholder meeting
by more than thirty days, eXcelon must receive the written proposal a reasonable
time before it begins to print and mail its proxy materials for the meeting.
Such proposals also will need to comply with SEC regulations regarding the
inclusion of stockholder proposals in company-sponsored proxy materials.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

    eXcelon files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and
other information with the SEC. The annual reports include eXcelon's audited
financial statements. You may read and copy any reports, statements or other
information filed by eXcelon at the SEC's public reference room which is located
at Room 1024, Judiciary Plaza, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation
of the public reference room. eXcelon's filings with the SEC are also available
to the public from commercial document retrieval services and at the website
maintained by the SEC located at http://www.sec.gov.

    eXcelon will provide without charge a copy of its Annual Report on
Form 10-K, including financial statements and the financial statement schedules,
filed with the SEC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 to any beneficial
owner of eXcelon common stock as of the record date upon written request to:
eXcelon Corporation, 25 Mall Road, Burlington, Massachusetts 01803, Attention:
Investor Relations, (781) 674-5000.

    If you would like to request documents from eXcelon, please do so by       ,
2002 to receive them before the special meeting.

    The information contained in, or attached as an Appendix to, this proxy
statement is the only information provided by eXcelon to its stockholders in
connection with the special meeting. eXcelon has not authorized anyone to
provide you with information that is different from what is contained in, or
attached as an Appendix to, this proxy statement.

    This proxy statement is dated November   , 2002. You should not assume that
the information contained in this proxy statement or any attached Appendix is
accurate as of any date other than such date, and the mailing of this proxy
statement will not create any implication to the contrary.

                            ------------------------

PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE AND SIGN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY CARD BY MAIL IN THE
POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED. THE SIGNING OF THE PROXY CARD WILL NOT PREVENT
YOUR ATTENDING THE SPECIAL MEETING AND VOTING IN PERSON.

Burlington, Massachusetts
November   , 2002

                                                                      APPENDIX A

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
                                     AMONG
                         PROGRESS SOFTWARE CORPORATION,
                            CHOPIN MERGER SUB, INC.
                                      AND
                              EXCELON CORPORATION

                          Dated as of October 18, 2002

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

'

                               

                                                                        PAGE
                                                                      --------

ARTICLE I THE MERGER................................................     A-1

   1.1  THE MERGER..................................................     A-1
   1.2  CLOSING.....................................................     A-1
   1.3  EFFECTIVE TIME..............................................     A-1
   1.4  EFFECT OF THE MERGER........................................     A-2
   1.5  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS OF THE SURVIVING
        CORPORATION.................................................     A-2
   1.6  DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION.........     A-2
   1.7  CONVERSION OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK, ETC.....................     A-2
   1.8  CANCELLATION OF SHARES......................................     A-2
   1.9  COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS AND EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN......     A-3
   1.10 CAPITAL STOCK OF MERGER SUB.................................     A-4
   1.11 ADJUSTMENTS TO MERGER CONSIDERATION.........................     A-4
   1.12 EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES....................................     A-4
   1.13 TAKING OF NECESSARY ACTION; FURTHER ACTION..................     A-6
   1.14 DISSENTING SHARES...........................................     A-6

ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY............     A-6

   2.1  ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION..............................     A-7
   2.2  SUBSIDIARIES................................................     A-7
   2.3  CAPITAL STRUCTURE...........................................     A-8
   2.4  AUTHORITY; NO CONFLICT; REQUIRED FILINGS....................     A-9
   2.5  BOARD APPROVAL; SECTION 203.................................    A-10
   2.6  SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS...........................    A-11
   2.7  ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES..........................    A-11
   2.8  ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS........................    A-12
   2.9  AGREEMENTS, CONTRACTS AND COMMITMENTS.......................    A-12
   2.10 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS........................................    A-14
   2.11 MATERIAL PERMITS............................................    A-14
   2.12 LITIGATION..................................................    A-14
   2.13 RESTRICTIONS ON BUSINESS ACTIVITIES.........................    A-15
   2.14 EMPLOYEE AND LABOR MATTERS; BENEFIT PLANS...................    A-15
   2.15 PROXY STATEMENT.............................................    A-18
   2.16 PROPERTIES AND ASSETS.......................................    A-18
   2.17 INSURANCE...................................................    A-19
   2.18 TAX MATTERS.................................................    A-19
   2.19 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.......................................    A-20
   2.20 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.......................................    A-21
   2.21 OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR................................    A-23
   2.22 BROKERS.....................................................    A-23
   2.23 CERTAIN BUSINESS PRACTICES..................................    A-23
   2.24 GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS........................................    A-23
   2.25 INTERESTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS...............................    A-23

                                      A-i

                                                                        PAGE
                                                                      --------

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER         A-24
SUB.................................................................

   3.1  ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION..............................    A-24
   3.2  AUTHORITY; REQUIRED FILINGS.................................    A-24
   3.3  PROXY STATEMENT.............................................    A-25
   3.4  INTERIM OPERATIONS OF MERGER SUB............................    A-25
   3.5  FINANCING...................................................    A-25
   3.6  NON-CONTRAVENTION...........................................    A-25
   3.7  BROKERS.....................................................    A-25
   3.8  SECTION 203.................................................    A-25

ARTICLE IV CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER...................    A-26

   4.1  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER......................    A-26
   4.2  NO SOLICITATION OF OTHER PROPOSALS..........................    A-28

ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.....................................    A-30

   5.1  SPECIAL MEETING; PROXY STATEMENT; OTHER FILINGS.............    A-30
   5.2  TENDER OFFER................................................    A-31
   5.3  ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY......................    A-34
   5.4  REASONABLE EFFORTS; FURTHER ASSURANCES......................    A-35
   5.5  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT MATTERS....................................    A-35
   5.6  NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN MATTERS.............................    A-36
   5.7  PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS........................................    A-36
   5.8  INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS...................    A-36
   5.9  OPTION AGREEMENT............................................    A-37

ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS OF MERGER.....................................    A-38

   6.1  CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF EACH PARTY TO EFFECT THE
        MERGER......................................................    A-38
   6.2  ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT..............    A-38
   6.3  ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY.........    A-39

ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER.......................    A-39

   7.1  TERMINATION.................................................    A-39
   7.2  EFFECT OF TERMINATION.......................................    A-41
   7.3  FEES AND EXPENSES...........................................    A-41
   7.4  AMENDMENT...................................................    A-41
   7.5  WAIVER......................................................    A-42

ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS.....................................    A-42

   8.1  SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES..................    A-42
   8.2  NOTICES.....................................................    A-42
   8.3  INTERPRETATION..............................................    A-43
   8.4  SEVERABILITY................................................    A-43
   8.5  ENTIRE AGREEMENT............................................    A-43
   8.6  ASSIGNMENT..................................................    A-44
   8.7  PARTIES IN INTEREST.........................................    A-44
   8.8  FAILURE OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER; REMEDIES CUMULATIVE.......    A-44
   8.9  GOVERNING LAW; ENFORCEMENT..................................    A-44
   8.10 COUNTERPARTS................................................    A-44

                                      A-ii

                                    ANNEXES

ANNEX I:   Conditions to Offer
ANNEX II:  Index to Defined Terms

                                    EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A:  Form of Stockholder's Agreement
EXHIBIT B:  Form of Option Agreement

                                     A-iii

    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), made and entered into as of
October 18, 2002 by and among Progress Software Corporation, a Massachusetts
corporation ("Parent"), Chopin Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and
wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and eXcelon Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"). Parent, Merger Sub and the Company are
sometimes referred to herein each individually as a "Party" and, collectively,
as the "Parties."

    WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have
each declared it to be advisable and in the best interests of each corporation
and their respective stockholders that Parent and the Company combine in order
to advance their long-term business interests;

    WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have
each approved this Agreement and the merger of Merger Sub with and into the
Company (the "Merger"), in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (the "DGCL") and the terms and conditions set forth herein,
which Merger will result in, among other things, the Company becoming a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent; and

    WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of, and an inducement to Parent
and Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement, contemporaneously with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement certain holders of shares of the
Company's common stock are entering into stockholder's agreements in
substantially the form of EXHIBIT A attached hereto (the "Stockholder's
Agreements"), and the Company is entering into a stock option agreement in
substantially the form of EXHIBIT B attached hereto (the "Option Agreement").

    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                                   THE MERGER

    1.1  THE MERGER.  At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.3), in
accordance with the DGCL and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the
Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company. From and after the
Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and
the Company, as the surviving corporation in the Merger, shall continue its
existence under the laws of the State of Delaware as a wholly owned subsidiary
of Parent. The Company as the surviving corporation after the Merger is
hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Surviving Corporation."

    1.2  CLOSING.  Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement abandoned pursuant to the provisions
of Article VII, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver, as the case may be,
of the conditions set forth in Article VI, the closing of the Merger and other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place at
10:00 a.m. (eastern standard time) on a date to be mutually agreed upon by the
Parties (the "Closing Date"), which date shall be no later than the second
Business Day (as defined below) after all the conditions set forth in
Article VI (excluding conditions that, by their nature, cannot be satisfied
until the Closing) shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with
Section 7.5, unless another time and/or date is agreed to in writing by the
Parties. The Closing shall take place at the offices of Mintz, Levin, Cohn,
Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., One Financial Center, Boston, Massachusetts
02111. For purposes of this Agreement, "Business Day" shall mean any day on
which banks are permitted to be open in New York, New York.

    1.3  EFFECTIVE TIME.  Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, on the
Closing Date or as soon thereafter as is practicable the Parties shall cause the
Merger to become effective by executing and

                                      A-1

filing in accordance with the DGCL a certificate of merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware (the "Certificate of Merger"), the date and time
of such filing, or such later date and time as may be agreed upon by the Parties
and specified therein, being hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Time."

    1.4  EFFECT OF THE MERGER.  At the Effective Time, the Merger shall have the
effects set forth in this Agreement and in Section 259 of the DGCL. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective
Time all the assets, properties, rights, privileges, immunities, powers and
franchises of the Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving
Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub
shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

    1.5  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS OF THE SURVIVING
CORPORATION.  From and after the Effective Time and without further action on
the part of the Parties, the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the
Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until amended in
accordance with the respective terms thereof ; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that,
notwithstanding the foregoing, Article I of the Certificate of Incorporation of
the Surviving Corporation shall be amended to read as follows: "The name of the
Corporation is eXcelon Corporation."

    1.6  DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION.

        (a) The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
    shall be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation until their
    respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified or until
    their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the Surviving
    Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

        (b) The officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time
    shall be the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold
    office in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws of
    the Surviving Corporation, in each case until their respective successors
    are duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death,
    resignation or removal in accordance with the Surviving Corporation's
    Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

    1.7  CONVERSION OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK, ETC.  At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the Parties or the
holders of the following securities:

        (a) Each share of the Company's common stock, par value $0.001 per share
    ("Company Common Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
    Effective Time (other than any shares of Company Common Stock to be canceled
    and retired pursuant to Section 1.8 and Dissenting Shares (as defined in
    Section 1.14)) shall be converted automatically into the right to receive
    $3.19 in cash, without interest, subject to adjustment as set forth in
    Section 1.11 (the "Merger Consideration").

        (b) From and after the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common
    Stock (other than any shares of Company Common Stock to be canceled and
    retired pursuant to Section 1.8 and Dissenting Shares) shall automatically
    be redeemed and canceled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a
    certificate which previously represented any such share of Company Common
    Stock (each, a "Company Certificate" and, collectively, the "Company
    Certificates") shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto other
    than the right to receive the Merger Consideration such holder is entitled
    to receive pursuant to this Section 1.7 upon surrender of such certificate
    in accordance with Section 1.12 hereof, in each case without interest.

    1.8  CANCELLATION OF SHARES.  Immediately prior to the Effective Time each
share of Company Common Stock either held in the Company's treasury or owned by
Parent or any direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary (as defined in
Section 2.2(e)) of Parent or the Company immediately prior to

                                      A-2

the Effective Time, shall be canceled and extinguished without any conversion
thereof or payment therefor.

    1.9  COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS AND EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN.  Prior to the
Closing Date, the Board of Directors of the Company (or, if appropriate, any
committee administering the Company Stock Plans (as defined below)) shall adopt
such resolutions or take such other actions as may be required to effect the
following:

        (a) Adjust the terms of all outstanding stock options to purchase shares
    of Company Common Stock ("Company Stock Options") granted under the Object
    Design, Inc. 1989 Incentive and Nonqualified Stock Option Plan, the Object
    Design, Inc. 1995 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan, the eXcelon Corporation
    1996 Incentive and Nonqualified Stock Option Plan, the eXcelon Corporation
    1997 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan, the C-bridge Internet Solutions, Inc.
    1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, the C-bridge Internet
    Solutions, Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, the C-bridge Internet
    Solutions, Inc. 1999 Director Stock Option Plan and the C-bridge Internet
    Solutions, Inc. 2000 Stock Option Plan (the "Company Option Plans") or
    otherwise, to provide that each Company Stock Option outstanding immediately
    prior to the Effective Time with an exercise price of less than the Merger
    Consideration, shall be canceled at the Effective Time in exchange for a
    payment from the Surviving Corporation (subject to any applicable
    withholding taxes) equal to the product of (1) the total number of shares of
    Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option and (2) the excess
    of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of Company
    Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option, payable in cash
    immediately following the Effective Time. Section 1.9(a) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule (as defined in Article II) sets forth a complete list of
    all Company Stock Options that have an exercise price less than the Merger
    Consideration, including (i) the grantee and the date of grant; (ii) the
    exercise price; (iii) the expiration date; and (iv) any other material
    terms, including, without limitation, any terms regarding the acceleration
    of vesting.

        (b) Cause any dispositions of Company Common Stock (including derivative
    securities with respect to the Company Common Stock) resulting from the
    transactions contemplated hereby by each officer or director of the Company
    who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the
    Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), with
    respect to shares of Company Common Stock to be exempt under Rule 16b- 3
    promulgated under the Exchange Act. By adopting or approving this Agreement,
    the Company's Board of Directors shall be deemed to have approved and
    authorized, and the stockholders of the Company shall be deemed to have
    approved and ratified, each and every amendment to (and such other actions
    in respect of) the Company Option Plans (and any other plan) and the
    agreements evidencing awards under the Company Option Plans (and any other
    plan) as the offices of the Company may deem necessary or appropriate to
    give effect to the provisions of this Section 1.9.

        (c) The Company shall amend the Company's 1996 Employee Stock Purchase
    Plan (the "Company ESPP" and collectively with the Company Option Plans, the
    "Company Stock Plans") prior to October 31, 2002, or take such other actions
    with respect to the Company ESPP as are necessary, (i) to terminate the
    ongoing Offering (as such term is used in the Company ESPP) effective
    immediately following the October 31, 2002 Offering Termination Date (as
    such term is used in the Company ESPP) after the purchase scheduled to occur
    on such date, (ii) except as permitted by subparagraph (i), to ensure that
    no Offering commences or continues after the date of this Agreement (unless
    this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to ARTICLE VII), (iii) to
    ensure that on and after November 1, 2002, there are no rights outstanding
    under the Company ESPP to acquire Company Common Stock, and (iv) to
    terminate, contingent upon consummation of the Merger, the Company ESPP.

                                      A-3

        (d) Except as provided in Sections 1.9(a) and (c) above, the Company
    Stock Options, the Company Stock Plans and any other plan, program or
    arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any interest in respect
    of the capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary shall terminate as of
    the Effective Time, and following the Effective Time no holder of a Company
    Stock Option nor any participant in any such plan, program or arrangement
    shall have any right thereunder to acquire capital securities of the
    Surviving Corporation or of Parent.

    1.10  CAPITAL STOCK OF MERGER SUB.  Each share of common stock of Merger
Sub, $0.01 par value per share ("Merger Sub Common Stock") issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted
automatically into one fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock of
the Surviving Corporation, $0.001 par value per share. From and after the
Effective Time, each stock certificate of Merger Sub which previously
represented shares of Merger Sub Common Stock shall evidence ownership of an
equal number of shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

    1.11  ADJUSTMENTS TO MERGER CONSIDERATION.  Without limiting any other
provision of this Agreement, the Merger Consideration shall be adjusted, at any
time and from time to time, to fully reflect the effect of any stock split,
reverse split, stock dividend (including, without limitation, any dividend or
distribution of securities convertible into Company Common Stock),
reorganization, recapitalization or other like change, if permitted by the terms
of Section 4.1, with respect to Company Common Stock occurring during the
Interim Period (as defined in Section 4.1).

    1.12  EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.

        (a)  PAYING AGENT.  Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall designate
    a bank or trust company (the "Paying Agent") reasonably acceptable to the
    Company to make the payments of the funds to which holders of shares of
    Company Common Stock shall become entitled pursuant to Section 1.7 hereof.
    When and as needed, Parent shall deposit with the Paying Agent such funds in
    trust for the benefit of holders of shares of Company Common Stock for
    exchange in accordance with this Section 1.12, for timely payment hereunder.
    Such funds shall be held by Paying Agent in a separate account established
    for the benefit of holders of Company Common Stock and may be invested by
    the Paying Agent in obligations of or guaranteed by the United States
    government or in other investment-grade debt instruments pending payment
    thereof by the Paying Agent to the holders of Company Common Stock. Earnings
    on such funds shall be the sole and exclusive property of Parent and the
    Surviving Corporation, and no part of any such earnings shall accrue to the
    benefit of holders of Company Common Stock.

        (b)  EXCHANGE PROCEDURES.  As promptly as practicable after the
    Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each holder
    of record of a Company Certificate, whose shares were converted pursuant to
    Section 1.7 into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, (i) a letter
    of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effective, and
    risk of loss and title to the Company Certificates shall pass, only upon
    delivery of the Company Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be in
    such form and have such other provisions as Parent and the Surviving
    Corporation may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in
    effecting the surrender of the Company Certificates in exchange for payment
    of the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a Company Certificate for
    cancellation to the Paying Agent, together with such letter of transmittal,
    duly executed, the holder of such Company Certificate shall be entitled to
    receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration (subject to subsection
    1.12(f) below) multiplied by the number of shares of Company Common Stock
    formerly represented by such Company Certificate and the Company Certificate
    so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. If payment of the Merger
    Consideration is to be made to a person other than the person in whose name
    the surrendered Company Certificate is registered, it shall be a condition
    of payment that the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or
    shall be otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the person
    requesting such payment shall have paid any transfer and other taxes
    required by

                                      A-4

    reason of the payment of the Merger Consideration to a person other than the
    registered holder of the Company Certificate surrendered or shall have
    established to the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that such tax
    either has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated
    by this Section 1.12, each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the
    Effective Time to represent only the right to receive the Merger
    Consideration in cash as contemplated by this Section 1.12.

        (c)  TRANSFER BOOKS; NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN COMPANY COMMON
    STOCK.  At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall
    be closed and thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers
    of shares of Company Common Stock on the records of the Company. From and
    after the Effective Time, the holders of Company Certificates evidencing
    ownership of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
    the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to such
    Shares, except as otherwise provided for herein or by applicable law. If,
    after the Effective Time, Company Certificates are presented to the
    Surviving Corporation for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged
    for Merger Consideration as provided in this Section 1.12.

        (d)  RETURN OF FUNDS; NO LIABILITY.  At any time following 270 calendar
    days after the Effective Time, Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall be
    entitled to require the Paying Agent to deliver to it any funds (including
    any interest received with respect thereto) which had been deposited with
    the Paying Agent and which have not been disbursed to holders of Company
    Certificates, and thereafter such holders shall be entitled to look only to
    Parent or the Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned property, escheat
    or other similar laws) as general creditors thereof with respect to the
    payment of any Merger Consideration that may be payable upon surrender of
    any Company Certificates such stockholder holds, as determined pursuant to
    this Agreement, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
    none of Parent, the Surviving Corporation nor the Paying Agent shall be
    liable to any holder of a Company Certificate for Merger Consideration
    delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned
    property, escheat or similar law.

        (e)  LOST CERTIFICATES.  If any Company Certificate shall have been
    lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by
    the Person claiming such Company Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed
    and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such Person of
    a bond in such reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct as
    indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
    Company Certificate, the Paying Agent shall pay in respect of such lost,
    stolen or destroyed Company Certificate the Merger Consideration.

        (f)  WITHHOLDING RIGHTS.  Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the
    Paying Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Merger
    Consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of
    shares of Company Common Stock such amounts as Parent, the Surviving
    Corporation or the Paying Agent is required to deduct and withhold with
    respect to the making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code of
    1986, as amended (the "Code"), or any provision of state, local or foreign
    tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld and paid over to the
    appropriate taxing authority by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the
    Paying Agent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of
    this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company
    Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by
    Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent.

                                      A-5

    1.13  TAKING OF NECESSARY ACTION; FURTHER ACTION.  If, at any time and from
time to time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest in the
Surviving Corporation full right, title and possession of all properties,
assets, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub,
the officers and directors of the Company and the Surviving Corporation shall be
and are fully authorized and directed, in the name of and on behalf of their
respective corporations, to take, or cause to be taken, all such lawful and
necessary action as is not inconsistent with this Agreement.

    1.14  DISSENTING SHARES.  Each outstanding share of Company Common Stock
held by a Company stockholder who has demanded and perfected his or her right to
an appraisal of his or her shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with
Section 262 of the DGCL and who has not effectively withdrawn or lost his or her
right to such appraisal ("Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into or
represent the right to receive Merger Consideration in accordance with
Section 1.7, but the holder thereof shall be entitled only to such rights as are
granted by Section 262 of the DGCL.

                                   ARTICLE II
                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

    Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule provided by the Company to
Parent on the date hereof and accepted in writing by Parent (the "Company
Disclosure Schedule"), the Company, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries,
represents and warrants to Parent that the statements contained in this
Article II are true, complete and correct. The Company Disclosure Schedule shall
be arranged in paragraphs corresponding to the numbered and lettered paragraphs
contained in this Article II, and the disclosure in any paragraph shall be
deemed to qualify only the corresponding paragraph of this Article II, unless a
reasonable person would determine that the disclosure contained in such
paragraph contains enough information to qualify or otherwise apply to other
paragraphs of this Article II. As used in this Agreement, a "Company Material
Adverse Effect" means any change, event or effect that is materially adverse to
the business, assets (including, without limitation, intangible assets),
financial condition, results of operations or reasonably foreseeable prospects
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, including without
limitation: (i) litigation not otherwise disclosed on the Company Disclosure
Schedule (or if disclosed on the Company Disclosure Schedule, modified by
amendment or otherwise to include additional claims against the Company) that is
reasonably likely to be determined adversely to the Company, and if determined
adversely to the Company, (A) if money damages are sought, would, in the
aggregate, result in liability to the Company or its Subsidiaries in excess of
$1,000,000 (exclusive of any such amount that would be covered and payable, net
of all deductible amounts, under any Insurance Policy (as defined in
Section 2.17(a))) or (B) if equitable relief is sought, which would prohibit or
otherwise materially impair the Company and its Subsidiaries from conducting
their business as a whole in the manner presently conducted; (ii) failure of the
Company to disclose to Parent obligations, whether written or oral, due third
parties, including customers, including liabilities pursuant to maintenance,
consulting, and other service agreements with customers and other third parties,
in excess, in the aggregate, of $500,000; (iii) failure of the Company to
disclose to Parent proprietary rights of third parties which may materially
impair any Company Intellectual Property Rights (as defined in Section 2.20(a))
material to the Company or its Subsidiaries or may result in the Company being
required to pay fees or other damages to third parties in excess, in the
aggregate, of $500,000, including without limitation, the undisclosed
incorporation of third party software proprietary rights, directly or
indirectly, as components of the Company's software products and services;
(iv) failure of the Company to disclose to Parent payments or loans, in cash or
in kind, made, or to be made, to any officer or director of the Company in
excess of $50,000, other than in accordance with the Company's customary
compensation and cost reimbursement practices; (v) failure of the Company to
achieve total revenues, in accordance with GAAP (as defined in Section 2.6(b)),
for the third quarter ended September 30, 2002 as reported in the Company's
Form 10-Q for such quarter

                                      A-6

of at least $7,850,000; and (vi) the determination, in accordance with GAAP,
that accounts receivable reflected on the Company's Financial Statements (as
defined in Section 2.6(b)), net of established reserves, are not collectible, in
the aggregate, in an amount in excess of $500,000; and excluding (1) any other
changes, events or effects that are attributable to conditions resulting from
the announcement of this Agreement and the pendency of the Merger and other
transactions contemplated hereby, (2) any such effect to the extent resulting
from or arising in connection with (A) changes or conditions generally affecting
the industries or segments in which the Company operates or (B) changes in
general economic, market or political conditions which, in the case of (A) or
(B), is not specifically related to, or does not have a materially
disproportionate effect (relative to other industry participants) on, the
Company; PROVIDED, that any reduction in the market price or trading volume of
the Company's publicly traded common stock shall not be deemed to constitute a
Company Material Adverse Effect (it being understood that the foregoing shall
not prevent Parent from asserting that any underlying cause of such reduction
independently constitutes such a Company Material Adverse Effect), (3) the
delisting of the Company Common Stock from the Nasdaq National Market or
(4) the initiation or threat of initiation of litigation that seeks to enjoin or
prevent, or that seeks damages in respect of, the consummation of the Merger.
The Company shall be required to sustain the burden of demonstrating that any
such change, event or effect is directly attributable to the Merger and other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

    2.1  ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION.  The Company is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in corporate and tax good standing, where
applicable, under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Company is duly
qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to conduct business, and is in
corporate and tax good standing, under the laws of each jurisdiction where the
character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it, or the nature of
its activities, makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where
the failure to be so qualified, licensed or in good standing, individually or in
the aggregate, has not had and would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
Each such jurisdiction is listed in Section 2.1 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule. The Company has provided Parent true, complete and correct copies of
its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended to date. The
Company is not in default under or in violation of any provision of its
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws.

    2.2  SUBSIDIARIES.

        (a) Exhibit 21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
    fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 sets forth a true, complete and correct
    list of each Subsidiary (as defined in Section 2.2(e) below) of the Company
    that is a Significant Subsidiary (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X
    promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")).
    Section 2.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each Subsidiary of
    the Company.

        (b) Each Subsidiary of the Company is a corporation duly organized,
    validly existing and in corporate and tax good standing under the laws of
    the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and is duly qualified or licensed as
    a foreign corporation to conduct business, and is in corporate and tax good
    standing, where applicable, under the laws of each jurisdiction where the
    character of the properties and other assets owned, leased or operated by
    it, or the nature of its activities, makes such qualification or licensing
    necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified, licensed or in good
    standing, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not
    reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Each such
    jurisdiction is listed in Section 2.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.
    The Company has provided Parent true, complete and correct copies of the
    Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws or similar organizational documents
    of each Subsidiary, each as amended to date. No Subsidiary is in default
    under or in violation of any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation
    or Bylaws or similar organizational documents.

                                      A-7

        (c) All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of, or
    other equity interests in, each Subsidiary of the Company are: (i) duly
    authorized, validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable; (ii) owned, directly
    or indirectly, by the Company (other than director's qualifying shares in
    the case of foreign Subsidiaries) free and clear of all liens, claims,
    security interests, pledges and encumbrances of any kind or nature
    whatsoever (collectively, "Liens"); and (iii) other than as contemplated by
    this Agreement, free of any restriction, including, without limitation, any
    restriction which prevents the payment of dividends to the Company or any
    other Subsidiary of the Company, or which otherwise restricts the right to
    vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other ownership
    interest, other than restrictions under the Securities Act of 1933, as
    amended (the "Securities Act") and state securities laws.

        (d) None of the Company's Subsidiaries is required to file any forms,
    reports or other documents with the SEC.

        (e) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Subsidiary" means, with
    respect to any party, any corporation or other organization, whether
    incorporated or unincorporated, of which (i) such party (or any other
    Subsidiary of such party) is a general partner (excluding partnerships, the
    general partnerships of which held by such party or Subsidiary of such party
    do not have a majority of the voting interest of such partnership) or
    (ii) at least a majority of the securities or other equity interests having
    by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of
    Directors or others performing similar functions with respect to such
    corporation or other organization, is directly or indirectly owned or
    controlled by such party or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by
    such party and one or more of its Subsidiaries.

    2.3  CAPITAL STRUCTURE.

        (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of
    (i) 200,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and (ii) 5,000,000 shares of
    preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share ("Company Preferred Stock").

        (b) As of the date hereof: (i) 7,412,572 shares of Company Common Stock
    are issued and outstanding; (ii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock are
    issued or outstanding; (iii) no shares of Company Common Stock are held in
    the treasury of the Company; (iv) 1,051,570 shares of Company Common Stock
    are duly reserved for future issuance pursuant to outstanding Company Stock
    Options granted pursuant to the Company Option Plans (the "Outstanding
    Company Stock Options"); (v) 123,243 shares of Company Common Stock are duly
    reserved for future issuance pursuant to the Company ESPP; and
    (vi) 1,475,000 shares of Company Common Stock are duly reserved for issuance
    pursuant to the Option Agreement. Except as described above, as of the date
    hereof, there are no shares of voting or non-voting capital stock, equity
    interests or other securities of the Company authorized, issued, reserved
    for issuance or otherwise outstanding.

        (c) All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are, and all shares
    which may be issued pursuant to the Company Stock Plans and the Option
    Agreement, will be, when issued against payment therefore in accordance with
    the terms thereof, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
    non-assessable, and not subject to, or issued in violation of, any kind of
    preemptive, subscription or any kind of similar rights.

        (d) There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the
    Company having the right to vote (or convertible into securities having the
    right to vote) on any matters on which stockholders of the Company may vote.
    Except as described in subsection (b) above, there are no outstanding
    securities, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements,
    arrangements or undertakings of any kind (contingent or otherwise) to which
    the Company is a party or bound obligating the Company to issue, deliver or
    sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital
    stock or other voting securities of the Company or obligating the Company to

                                      A-8

    issue, grant, extend or enter into any agreement to issue, grant or extend
    any security, option, warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement,
    arrangement or undertaking. Except as disclosed in Section 2.3(d) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the
    Company is subject to any obligation or requirement to provide funds for or
    to make any investment (in the form of a loan or capital contribution) to or
    in any Person (as defined in Section 13(a)(9) of the Exchange Act).

        (e) Section 2.3(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
    complete and correct list of the holders of all Outstanding Company Stock
    Options, including: (i) the date of grant; (ii) the exercise price;
    (iii) the expiration date; and (iv) any other material terms, including,
    without limitation, any terms regarding the acceleration of vesting.

        (f) All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
    were issued in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
    federal and state securities laws.

        (g) Except as disclosed in Section 2.3(g)(i) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company to
    repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock (or
    options to acquire any such shares) or other security or equity interest of
    the Company. Except as described in this Section 2.3 or in
    Section 2.3(g)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no
    stock-appreciation rights, security-based performance units, phantom stock
    or other security rights or other agreements, arrangements or commitments of
    any character (contingent or otherwise) pursuant to which any Person is or
    may be entitled to receive any payment or other value based on the revenues,
    earnings or financial performance, stock price performance or other
    attribute of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or assets or calculated
    in accordance therewith (other than ordinary course payments or commissions
    to sales representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries based
    upon revenues generated by them without augmentation as a result of the
    Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby) or to cause the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries to file a registration statement under the
    Securities Act, or which otherwise relate to the registration of any
    securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

        (h) Except for the Stockholder's Agreements, there are no voting trusts,
    proxies or other agreements, commitments or understandings of any character
    to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the
    Company, any of the stockholders of the Company, is a party or by which any
    of them is bound with respect to the issuance, holding, acquisition, voting
    or disposition of any shares of capital stock or other security or equity
    interest of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

    2.4  AUTHORITY; NO CONFLICT; REQUIRED FILINGS.

        (a) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to
    execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and
    to consummate the Merger and other transactions contemplated hereby. The
    execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of its obligations
    hereunder and the consummation of the Merger and other transactions
    contemplated hereby, have been duly authorized by all corporate action on
    the part of the Company and no other corporate proceedings are necessary
    other than, with respect to the Merger, the approval and adoption of this
    Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
    outstanding shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the DGCL and
    the Company's Certificate of Incorporation (the "Requisite Stockholder
    Vote").

        (b) This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company
    and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
    against it in accordance with its terms, subject only to: (i) the effects of
    bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium
    and other similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of
    creditors' rights

                                      A-9

    generally; (ii) general equitable principles (whether considered in a
    proceeding in equity or at law); and (iii) an implied covenant of good faith
    and fair dealing (collectively, the "Equitable Exceptions").

        (c) Except as set forth in Section 2.4(c) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, the execution and delivery of this Agreement do not, and the
    performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and the consummation
    of the Merger and other transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict
    with or result in any violation of, or default (with or without notice or
    lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination,
    cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or to a loss of any benefit,
    or require the consent of any party to, or result in the creation of any
    Liens in or upon any of the properties or other assets of the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries under any provision of: (i) the Certificate of
    Incorporation, Bylaws of the Company or other equivalent organizational
    documents of any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) subject to the governmental
    filings and other matters referred to in paragraph (d) below, any
    (A) permit, license, franchise, statute, law, ordinance or regulation or
    (B) judgment, decree or order, in each case applicable to the Company or any
    of its Subsidiaries, or by which any of their respective properties or
    assets may be bound or affected; or (iii) any loan or credit agreement,
    note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease or other
    instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
    a party or by which any of their respective properties may be bound or
    affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii) above, for any such
    conflicts, violations, defaults or other occurrences, if any, that could
    not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a
    Company Material Adverse Effect or impair in any material respect the
    ability of the Parties to consummate the Merger and the other transactions
    contemplated hereby on a timely basis.

        (d) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration,
    declaration or filing with, any government, governmental, statutory,
    regulatory or administrative authority, agency, body or commission or any
    court, tribunal or judicial body, whether federal, state, local or foreign
    (each, a "Governmental Authority") is required by or with respect to the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and
    delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger and other
    transactions contemplated hereby except for: (i) the filing of the
    Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
    in accordance with the DGCL; (ii) compliance with any applicable
    requirements under the Securities Act; (iii) compliance with any applicable
    requirements under the Exchange Act; (iv) compliance with any applicable
    state securities, takeover or so-called "Blue Sky" Laws, the laws and
    regulations of any foreign country; and (v) compliance with the applicable
    rules and regulations of the NASD; and (vi) such consents, approvals, orders
    or authorizations, or registrations, declarations or filings which if not
    obtained or made, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Company
    Material Adverse Effect.

    2.5  BOARD APPROVAL; SECTION 203.

        (a) The Board of Directors of the Company has, at a meeting duly called
    and held, by a unanimous vote of all directors: (i) approved and declared
    advisable this Agreement; (ii) determined that the Merger and other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement are advisable, fair to and in
    the best interests of the Company and its stockholders; (iii) resolved to
    recommend to the stockholders of the Company (A) the approval of the Merger
    and the other transactions contemplated hereby and (B) the approval and
    adoption of this Agreement; and (iv) directed that this Agreement be
    submitted to the stockholders of the Company for their approval and
    adoption.

        (b) The Board of Directors of the Company has taken all actions so that
    the restrictions contained in Section 203 of the DGCL applicable to a
    "business combination" (as defined therein)

                                      A-10

    will not apply to the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement
    or the consummation of the Merger or other transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement.

    2.6  SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

        (a) Except as disclosed in Section 2.6(a) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, the Company has timely filed all forms, reports and documents
    required to be filed by the Company with the SEC since January 1, 1999,
    including, without limitation, all exhibits required to be filed therewith,
    and has provided Parent true, complete and correct copies of all of the same
    so filed that are not available in complete and unredacted form on the SEC's
    Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval system ("EDGAR") (including any
    forms, reports and documents filed after the date hereof, the "Company SEC
    Reports"). The Company SEC Reports: (i) at the time filed complied (or will
    comply when filed, as the case may be) in all material respects with the
    applicable requirements of the Securities Act and/or the Exchange Act;
    (ii) did not at the time they were filed (or, if later filed, amended or
    superseded, then on the date of such later filing) contain any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
    stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements contained
    therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
    misleading and (iii) filed after July 30, 2002, at the time filed complied
    (or will comply when filed, as the case may be) in all material respects
    with the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
    ("Sarbanes-Oxley"), including, without limitation, that each periodic report
    was (or will be when filed, as the case may be) accompanied by the
    certification of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
    Officer as required by Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley and that each Annual
    Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q included (or will
    include when filed, as the case may be) the certification of the Company's
    Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as required by
    Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley and the disclosure required by Item 307 of
    Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC ("Regulation S-K").

        (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each
    case, any related notes thereto) contained in the Company SEC Reports
    (collectively, the "Company Financial Statements"), complied or will comply,
    as the case may be, as to form in all material respects with the applicable
    published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, was or will
    be prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
    ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved
    except as may otherwise be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of
    unaudited interim financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q
    promulgated by the SEC, and fairly presented or will fairly present, as the
    case may be, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
    of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the respective dates and the
    consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods therein
    indicated, except, in the case of the unaudited interim financial statements
    for the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments which were not
    and will not be expected to be material in amount.

    2.7  ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES.  Except as disclosed in
Section 2.7 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and its Subsidiaries
do not have any liabilities or obligations, whether fixed, contingent, accrued
or otherwise, liquidated or unliquidated and whether due or to become due, that
are individually or in the aggregate material other than: (i) liabilities
reflected or reserved against on the balance sheet (the "Most Recent Balance
Sheet") contained in the Company's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13,
2002 for the quarter ended June 30, 2002 (the "Most Recent Balance Sheet Date");
(ii) obligations under any Company Material Contract (as defined in
Section 2.9); and (iii) liabilities or obligations incurred since the Most
Recent Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business, consistent with
past practice in both type and amount.

                                      A-11

    2.8  ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS.  Except as disclosed in
Section 2.8 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, other than in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, since the Most Recent
Balance Sheet Date, the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their
respective businesses only in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice, and there has not been: (i) any action, event or occurrence which
has had, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Company Material
Adverse Effect; or (ii) any other action, event or occurrence that would have
required the consent of Parent pursuant to Section 4.1 had such action, event or
occurrence taken place after the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

    2.9  AGREEMENTS, CONTRACTS AND COMMITMENTS.

        (a) Section 2.9(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule identifies, and
    the Company has provided Parent true, complete and correct copies of, each
    of the following to the extent not available in complete and unredacted form
    on EDGAR (each, a "Company Material Contract" and, collectively, the
    "Company Material Contracts"):

           (i)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect (or if
       not currently in effect, pursuant to which the Company or any of its
       Subsidiaries has material and continuing obligations or rights with
       respect thereto) that (i) is required to be filed as an exhibit to, or
       otherwise incorporated by reference in, the Company SEC Reports pursuant
       to Regulation S-K, or (ii) which has been entered into by the Company or
       any of its Subsidiaries since its quarter ended June 30, 2002 and will be
       required to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to Item
       601(a)(1) of Regulation S-K;

           (ii)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect (or
       if not currently in effect, pursuant to which the Company or any of its
       Subsidiaries has material and continuing obligations or rights with
       respect thereto) relating to the employment of, or the performance of
       services by, any employee of or consultant to, the Company or its
       Subsidiaries that is in excess of $100,000 for any single individual,
       other than offer letters for "at will" employment that do not contain any
       severance obligations, and any agreement, contract or commitment pursuant
       to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is or may become obligated to
       make any severance, termination or similar payment to any current or
       former employee, executive officer or director of or consultant to any of
       the Company or its Subsidiaries; and any agreement, contract or
       commitment pursuant to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is or may
       become obligated to make any bonus or similar payment or series of
       payments (other than payments constituting base salary) in excess of
       $25,000 to any current or former employee, executive officer or director
       of the Company or its Subsidiaries;

           (iii)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect (or
       if not currently in effect, pursuant to which the Company or any of its
       Subsidiaries has material and continuing obligations or rights with
       respect thereto) that provides the Company or its Subsidiaries to
       indemnify any current or former officer, director, employee, agent,
       consultant or independent contractor of the Company or its Subsidiaries
       in an amount, in each instance in excess of $100,000;

           (iv)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect (or
       if not currently in effect, pursuant to which the Company or any of its
       Subsidiaries has material and continuing obligations or rights with
       respect thereto) imposing any restriction on the right or ability of the
       Company or its Subsidiaries (A) to compete with any other Person, (B) to
       acquire any product or other asset or any services from any other Person,
       (C) to solicit, hire or retain any Person as an employee, consultant or
       independent contractor, (D) to develop, sell, supply, distribute, offer,
       support or service any product or any technology or other asset to or for
       any other Person, (E) to perform services for any other Person, or
       (F) to transact business or deal in any other manner with any other
       Person;

                                      A-12

           (v)  any agreement, contract or commitment (other than Company Stock
       Options) currently in effect (or if not currently in effect, pursuant to
       which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has material and continuing
       obligations or rights with respect thereto) (A) relating to the
       acquisition, issuance, voting, registration, sale or transfer of any
       securities of any of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (B) providing any
       Person with any preemptive right, right of participation, right of
       maintenance or any similar right with respect to any securities of any of
       the Company or its Subsidiaries, or (C) providing the Company or its
       Subsidiaries with any right of first refusal with respect to, or right to
       repurchase or redeem, any securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries;

           (vi)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect (or
       if not currently in effect, pursuant to which the Company or any of its
       Subsidiaries has material and continuing obligations or rights with
       respect thereto) incorporating or relating to any guaranty, pledge,
       warranty or indemnity or similar obligation by the Company or its
       Subsidiaries for the benefit of any other Person, excluding any such
       guaranty, warranty or indemnity or similar obligation by the Company or
       its Subsidiaries granted to any customer in the ordinary course of
       business consistent with past practices;

           (vii)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect
       relating to any currency hedging;

           (viii)  any agreement, contract or commitment containing "standstill"
       or similar provisions currently in effect;

           (ix)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect (or
       if not currently in effect, pursuant to which the Company or any of its
       Subsidiaries has material and continuing obligations or rights with
       respect thereto) creating or involving any agency relationship,
       distribution arrangement or franchise relationship;

           (x)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect (or if
       not currently in effect, pursuant to which the Company or any of its
       Subsidiaries has material and continuing obligations or rights with
       respect thereto) (A) to which any Governmental Authority is a party or
       under which any Governmental Authority has any rights or obligations, or
       (B) directly benefiting any Governmental Authority (including any
       subcontract or other agreement, contract or commitment between the
       Company or its Subsidiaries and any contractor or subcontractor to any
       Governmental Authority);

           (xi)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect (or
       if not currently in effect, pursuant to which the Company or any of its
       Subsidiaries has material and continuing obligations or rights with
       respect thereto) requiring that the Company or its Subsidiaries give any
       notice or provide any information to any Person prior to considering or
       accepting any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in Section 4.2) or similar
       proposal, or prior to entering into any discussions, agreement,
       arrangement or understanding relating to any Acquisition Proposal or
       similar transaction;

           (xii)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect (or
       if not currently in effect, pursuant to which the Company or any of its
       Subsidiaries has material and continuing obligations or rights with
       respect thereto) that has a remaining term of more than one year and that
       may not be terminated (without penalty) within 90 days after the delivery
       of a termination notice and that would require payment by the Company or
       its Subsidiaries of, or involves the performance of services by the
       Company or its Subsidiaries having a value, in excess of $100,000 over
       the remaining term;

           (xiii)  any agreement, contract or commitment that contemplates or
       involves the payment or delivery of cash or other consideration by the
       Company or its Subsidiaries in an amount or

                                      A-13

       having a value in excess of $250,000 in the aggregate, or contemplates or
       involves the performance of services by the Company or its Subsidiaries
       having a value in excess of $250,000 in the aggregate; and

           (xiv)  any agreement, contract or commitment currently in effect (or
       if not currently in effect, pursuant to which the Company or any of its
       Subsidiaries has material and continuing obligations or rights with
       respect thereto) not otherwise identified in clauses "(i)" through
       "(xiii)", a breach of which would reasonably be expected to have a
       Company Material Adverse Effect.

        (b) Except as disclosed in Section 2.12 of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has breached, or
    received in writing any claim or threat that it has breached, any of the
    terms or conditions of any Company Material Contract in such a manner as
    would permit any other party thereto to cancel or terminate the same or to
    collect material damages from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

        (c) Each Company Material Contract that has not expired or otherwise
    been terminated in accordance with its terms is in full force and effect
    and, to the knowledge of the Company, no other party to such contract is in
    default in any material respect.

    2.10  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.  Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has at
all times complied with all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws and
regulations, and is not in violation of, and has not received any written claim
or notice of violation of, any such statutes, laws and regulations with respect
to the conduct of its business or the ownership and operation of its properties
and other assets, except for such instances of non-compliance or violation, if
any, which could not reasonably be expected to result in a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

    2.11  MATERIAL PERMITS.

        (a) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries holds all federal, state,
    local and foreign governmental licenses, permits, franchises and
    authorizations necessary for conduct of its business as presently conducted
    and the ownership and operation of its properties and other assets,
    including, without limitation those that are required under all
    Environmental Laws (as defined in Section 2.19), except for such instances,
    if any, where the failure to hold such licenses, permits, franchises or
    authorizations, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
    expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the
    "Material Permits").

        (b) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all
    material respects with the terms and conditions of the Material Permits.

        (c) Each Material Permit is in full force and effect and no action,
    proceeding, revocation proceeding, amendment procedure, writ, injunction or
    claim is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, which
    seeks to revoke or limit any Material Permit.

        (d) The rights and benefits of each Material Permit will be available to
    the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time on terms
    substantially identical to those enjoyed by the Company and its Subsidiaries
    immediately prior to the Effective Time.

    2.12  LITIGATION.  Except as disclosed in Section 2.12 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, as of the date of this Agreement, there is no suit, action,
arbitration, claim, governmental or other proceeding before any Governmental
Authority pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries which, if decided adversely could (a) be
considered reasonably likely to result in (i) a Company Material Adverse Effect
or (ii) damages payable by the Company of any of its Subsidiaries in excess of
$50,000 in the aggregate, (b) impair or prevent the Company and its Subsidiaries
from conducting in any material respect the business and operations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or (c) otherwise impair in
any material

                                      A-14

respect the ability of the Parties to consummate the Merger and other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement on a timely basis.

    2.13  RESTRICTIONS ON BUSINESS ACTIVITIES.  There is no agreement, judgment,
injunction, order or decree binding upon or otherwise applicable to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries which has the effect of prohibiting or materially
impairing (a) any current or future business practice of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or (b) any acquisition of any Person or property by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.

    2.14  EMPLOYEE AND LABOR MATTERS; BENEFIT PLANS.

        (a) Section 2.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule identifies each
    salary, bonus, vacation, deferred compensation, incentive compensation,
    stock purchase, stock option, severance pay, termination pay, death and
    disability benefits, hospitalization, medical, life or other insurance,
    flexible benefits, supplemental unemployment benefits, profit-sharing,
    pension or retirement plan, program or agreement and each other employee
    benefit plan or arrangement sponsored, maintained, contributed to or
    required to be contributed to by the Company and its Subsidiaries for the
    benefit of any current or former employee of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Plans"). The Company is in compliance with,
    in all material respects, each law or regulation pursuant to which the
    Company and its Subsidiaries are required to establish any reserve or make
    any contribution for the benefit of any current or former employee located
    in any foreign jurisdiction. Section 2.14(a) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule also identifies any agreement or arrangement between an employee,
    director or consultant of the Company and its Subsidiaries that contains a
    change of control provision. Except as disclosed in Section 2.14(a) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
    has any outstanding payment or other obligation pursuant to any severance
    agreement, separation agreement, or other agreement to settle or compromise
    any legal claim or right, regardless of whether any legal proceeding to
    enforce any such claim or right has been threatened or commenced.

        (b) Except as set forth in Section 2.14(b) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains,
    sponsors or contributes to, and neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has at any time in the past maintained, sponsored or
    contributed to, any employee pension benefit plan (as defined in
    Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
    amended ("ERISA")), or any similar pension benefit plan under the laws of
    any foreign jurisdiction, whether or not excluded from coverage under
    specific Titles or Subtitles of ERISA for the benefit of employees or former
    employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a "Pension Plan").

        (c) Except as set forth in Section 2.14(c) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains,
    sponsors or contributes to any employee welfare benefit plan (as defined in
    Section 3(1) of ERISA or any similar welfare benefit plan under the laws of
    any foreign jurisdiction, whether or not excluded from coverage under
    specific Titles or Subtitles of ERISA), for the benefit of any current or
    former employees or directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a
    "Welfare Plan"). No Welfare Plan is a self-insured Welfare Plan or a
    "multiple employer welfare arrangement" as such term is defined in
    Section 3(40) of ERISA.

        (d) With respect to each Plan, the Company has provided Parent: (i) a
    true and complete copy of such Plan documents and copies of prior plan
    documents(including all amendments thereto); (ii) a true and complete copy
    of the Form 5500 annual report (along with all schedules and attachments),
    if required under ERISA, with respect to such Plan for the last three
    (3) years; (iii) a true and complete copy of the most recent summary plan
    description, together with each summary of material modifications, if
    required under ERISA, with respect to such Plan, (iv) if

                                      A-15

    such Plan is funded through a trust or any third party funding vehicle, a
    true and complete copy of the trust or other funding agreement (including
    all amendments thereto) and accurate and complete copies of the most recent
    financial statements thereof; (v) true and complete copies of all contracts
    or agreements relating to such Plan, including service provider agreements,
    insurance contracts, minimum premium contracts, stop-loss agreements,
    investment management agreements, subscription and participation agreements
    and record keeping agreements; (vi) a true and complete copy of the most
    recent determination letter received from the Internal Revenue Service (the
    "IRS") with respect to such Plan (if such Plan is intended to be qualified
    under Section 401(a) of the Code), along with all filing materials related
    to the submission for such letter; (vii) all corporate resolutions or
    similar corporate or committee authorizing documents with respect to any
    such Plan; and (viii) a copy of all Plan testing (including
    nondiscrimination testing) completed with respect to each Plan for the last
    three (3) years, if applicable.

        (e) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has ever
    participated in any multiemployer plan, as such term is defined in
    Section 3(37) of ERISA, or could have any material liability under Title IV
    of ERISA with respect to any multiemployer plan. Neither the Company nor any
    of its Subsidiaries has ever sponsored, maintained or contributed to, or has
    had any liability (direct or indirect) with respect to, an employee pension
    benefit plan as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA or which is subject to
    Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code.

        (f) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any plan or
    commitment to create any Welfare Plan or any Pension Plan, or to modify or
    change any existing Welfare Plan or Pension Plan (other than to comply with
    existing applicable laws and regulations).

        (g) No Plan provides death, medical or health benefits (whether or not
    insured) with respect to any current or former employee or director of the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries after any termination of service of such
    employee or director (other than benefit coverage mandated by applicable
    laws and regulations, including without limitation coverage provided
    pursuant to Section 4980B of the Code).

        (h) With respect to any Plan constituting a group health plan within the
    meaning of Section 4980B(g)(2) of the Code, the provisions of Section 4980B
    of the Code ("COBRA") have been complied with in all material respects. Any
    such Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of
    the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996.
    Section 2.14(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule describes all obligations
    of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement under
    any of the provisions of COBRA.

        (i) Each of the Plans has been operated and administered in all material
    respects in accordance with its terms and with applicable laws and
    regulations, including ERISA, the Code and applicable foreign legal
    requirements, and all required governmental filings and participant reports
    or disclosures have been made on a timely basis.

        (j) Each of the Plans intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
    the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal
    Revenue Service, covering changes mandated by TRA "86. Each trust maintained
    with respect to each Plan is exempt from taxation under Section 501(a) of
    the Code. No act or omission has occurred that would adversely affect such
    qualified or tax exempt status. There have been no "prohibited transactions"
    within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code
    involving any of the Plans that could result in any liability to the Company
    or any Subsidiary. There are no pending, or to the knowledge of the Company
    threatened or anticipated claims, litigation, administrative actions or
    proceedings against or otherwise involving any of the Plans or related
    trusts, or any fiduciary thereof, by any governmental agency, or by any
    employee, former employee, retiree, participant or beneficiary covered under
    any of the Plans, or otherwise involving the Plans (other than routine
    claims for benefits). There is no lien, judgment, decree, injunction, rule
    or order of any court, governmental

                                      A-16

    body, commission, agency or arbitrator outstanding against or in favor of
    any Plan or any fiduciary thereof in that capacity.

        (k) Section 2.14(k) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth all
    bonus, golden parachute, severance or other payments or obligations to any
    current or former employee or director of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries (whether or not under any Plan, written or oral) which will
    become payable or will be materially increased, or which such payment or
    vesting of such benefit will be accelerated, as a direct or indirect result
    of the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, or the
    consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by
    this Agreement, irrespective of whether such material increase or
    acceleration of vesting or time of payment is directly or indirectly related
    to a "change in control" (as defined in any applicable Plan, arrangement or
    agreement) or a voluntary or involuntary termination of employment within a
    certain period of time either before or after such "change in control" (as
    defined in the applicable Plan, arrangement or agreement).

        (l) Section 2.14(l)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a
    list of all salaried employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the
    date of this Agreement, and correctly reflects, in all material respects,
    their salaries, any other compensation payable to them (including
    compensation payable pursuant to bonus, deferred compensation or commission
    arrangements), their dates and terms of employment, their positions and any
    notice, payment, bonus, accelerated vesting of Company Stock Options, or
    other form of remuneration (exclusive of accrued vacation pay) to which each
    such employee may be entitled upon termination of his or her employment.
    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective
    bargaining contract or other Contract with a labor union involving any of
    its employees. Except as set forth on Section 2.14(l)(ii) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule, all employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries are
    "at will" employees.

        (m) Section 2.14(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule identifies each
    employee of the Company and its Subsidiaries who is not fully available to
    perform work because of disability or other leave and sets forth the basis
    of such disability or leave and the anticipated date of return to full
    service.

        (n) The Company has no knowledge of any facts indicating that any of the
    officers or management personnel of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    intends to terminate his or her employment.

        (o) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any
    contracts with any labor union or employee association or made any
    commitments, to or conducted negotiations with, any labor union or employee
    association with respect to future agreements. The Company is not aware of
    any current attempts to organize or establish a labor union or employee
    association with respect to any employees of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries.

        (p) During the last five (5) years, there has not occurred nor been
    threatened any labor strike, dispute, slowdown, work stoppage, picketing,
    concerted refusal to work regular or overtime hours or similar labor
    activity with respect to any employees of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries.

        (q) With respect to termination of employees, the Company and its
    Subsidiaries have at all times complied in all material respects with all
    federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws and regulations, including
    but not limited to the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification
    (WARN) Act of 1988 (and similar state laws), and is not in material
    violation of, and has not received any written claim or notice of violation
    of, any such statutes, laws and regulations.

                                      A-17

    2.15  PROXY STATEMENT.

        (a) The Proxy Statement (as defined in Section 5.1(a)) to be sent to the
    stockholders of the Company in connection with the Special Meeting (as
    defined in Section 5.1(a)) will comply in all material respects with the
    provisions of the applicable federal securities laws and shall not, on the
    date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the stockholders of the Company,
    at the time of the Special Meeting and at the Effective Time, contain any
    untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
    required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
    contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
    not misleading, or omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any
    statement in any earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of
    proxies by the Company for the Special Meeting which has in the interim
    become false or misleading in any material respect; provided, however, that
    the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to information
    furnished by Parent or Merger Sub in writing for inclusion in the Proxy
    Statement.

        (b) If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event should occur
    involving the Company, its officers, directors or any other Affiliate of the
    Company (as defined in Rule 13e-3(a)(i) of the Exchange Act), which is
    required under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act to be set forth in the
    Proxy Statement, the Company shall immediately inform Parent of such event
    and promptly prepare an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement in
    which such event shall be fully and accurately described. Such amendment or
    supplement shall first be provided to Parent for its review and then
    promptly filed with the SEC and, as required under the Securities Act or the
    Exchange Act, disseminated to the stockholders of the Company.

    2.16  PROPERTIES AND ASSETS.

        (a) The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and valid title to all of
    their respective properties, interests in properties and assets, real and
    personal, reflected on the Most Recent Balance Sheet or acquired since the
    Most Recent Balance Sheet Date, or, in the case of leased properties and
    assets, valid leasehold interests in such properties and assets, in each
    case free and clear of all Liens except for: (i) Liens reflected in the
    Company Financial Statements, (ii) Liens consisting of zoning or planning
    restrictions, easements, permits and other restrictions or limitations on
    the use of real property or irregularities in title thereto which do not
    materially detract from the value of, or materially impair the use of, such
    property as it is presently used, (iii) Liens for current Taxes, assessments
    or governmental charges or levies on property not yet due or which are being
    contested in good faith and for which appropriate reserves in accordance
    with GAAP have been created, (iv) mechanic's, materialmen's and similar
    Liens arising in the ordinary course of business or by operation of law and
    (v) any conditions that are shown on the surveys previously delivered to
    Parent of such real property (collectively, "Permitted Liens").

        (b) Section 2.16(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
    true, complete and correct list of all real property owned or leased by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
    is in compliance in all material respects with the terms of all leases for
    real property to which it is a party. Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party to any lease, assignment or similar arrangement
    under which the Company or any Subsidiary is a lessor, assignor or otherwise
    makes available for use by any third party any portion of the owned or
    leased real property.

        (c) The facilities, property and equipment owned, leased or otherwise
    used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are in a good state of
    maintenance and repair, free from material defects and in good operating
    condition (subject to normal wear and tear), and suitable for the purposes
    for which they are presently used.

                                      A-18

        (d) All tangible assets which are leased by the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries have been maintained with the manufacturers' standards and
    specifications required by each such lease such that at each such
    termination of the lease such assets can be returned to their owner without
    any further material obligation on the part of the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries with respect thereto.

        (e) From and after the Effective Time, except for the Company employees,
    with respect to which the Company makes no representation, the tangible
    assets owned or leased by the Surviving Corporation, together with its
    intangible assets will constitute those assets reasonably required to
    operate the business and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries as
    currently conducted in all material respects.

        (f) Section 2.16(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list
    of all leased real property that is as of the date of this Agreement, or is
    expected to be by the Effective Time, vacant or Substantially Vacant (as
    defined below). Section 2.16(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule includes:
    (i) the total number of square feet leased pursuant to each such lease;
    (ii) the number of square feet so leased that is vacant or otherwise not
    utilized pursuant to each such lease; and (iii) the aggregate lease payments
    due from the date hereof through the expected termination of each such
    lease. For purposes of this Section 2.16(f), "Substantially Vacant" shall
    mean that more than 25% of the square footage subject to such lease is or is
    expected to be vacant or unutilized.

    2.17  INSURANCE.

        (a) The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain policies of insurance and
    bonds against loss relating to their business, operations and properties and
    such other risks as companies engaged in similar business would, in
    accordance with good business practice, customarily insure (the "Insurance
    Policies"). All premiums due and payable under the Insurance Policies have
    been paid on a timely basis and the Company and its Subsidiaries are in
    compliance in all material respects with all other terms thereof.
    Section 2.17(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all
    Insurance Policies.

        (b) The Insurance Policies are in full force and effect and there are no
    material claims pending as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or
    disputed. All material claims thereunder have been filed in a due and timely
    fashion and except as set forth on Section 2.17(b) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been refused
    insurance for which it has applied or had any policy of insurance terminated
    (other than at its request), nor has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
    received notice from any insurance carrier that: (i) such insurance will be
    canceled or that coverage thereunder will be reduced or eliminated; or
    (ii) premium costs with respect to such insurance will be increased, other
    than premium increases in the ordinary course of business applicable on
    their terms to all holders of similar policies.

    2.18  TAX MATTERS.

        (a) For purposes of this Agreement, a "Tax" means any and all federal,
    state, local and foreign taxes, assessments and other governmental charges,
    duties, impositions and liabilities, including, without limitation, taxes
    based upon or measured by gross receipts, income, profits, sales, use and
    occupation, value added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding,
    payroll, recapture, employment, excise and property taxes, together with all
    interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts and
    any obligations under any agreements or arrangements with any other Person
    with respect to such amounts and including any liability for Taxes of a
    predecessor entity.

                                      A-19

        (b) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has accurately prepared and
    timely filed all federal, state, local and foreign returns, estimates,
    information statements and reports required to be filed by it (collectively,
    "Returns") relating to any and all Taxes concerning or attributable to the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to their operations, and all such
    Returns are true, complete and correct in all material respects.

        (c) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries: (i) has paid all Taxes it
    is obligated to pay as reflected on the Returns or otherwise or is
    contesting them in good faith (a list of such Taxes being contested is set
    forth in Section 2.18(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule); and (ii) has
    withheld all federal, state, local and foreign Taxes required to be withheld
    with respect to its employees or otherwise.

        (d) Except as disclosed in Section 2.18(d) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, there is no material Tax deficiency outstanding, proposed or
    assessed against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is not
    accurately reflected as a liability on the Most Recent Balance Sheet, nor
    has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries executed any waiver of any
    statute of limitations on or extending the period for the assessment or
    collection of any Tax.

        (e) Except as disclosed in Section 2.18(e) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material
    liability for unpaid Taxes that has not been properly accrued for under GAAP
    and reserved for on the Most Recent Balance Sheet, whether asserted or
    unasserted, contingent or otherwise.

        (f) Except as set forth in Section 2.18(f) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
    agreement, plan, arrangement or other contract covering any employee or
    independent contractor or former employee or independent contractor that,
    considered individually or considered collectively with any other such
    contracts, would reasonably be expected to, give rise directly or indirectly
    to the payment of any amount that would not be deductible pursuant to
    Section 280G or Section 162(m) the Code (or any comparable provision of
    state or foreign tax laws). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
    is, or has ever been, a party to or bound by any tax indemnity agreement,
    tax sharing agreement, tax allocation agreement or similar contract or
    agreement.

    2.19  ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.

        (a) The Company is in compliance in all material respects with all
    Environmental Laws (as defined below), which compliance includes, without
    limitation, the possession by the Company and its Subsidiaries of all
    Material Permits required under all applicable Environmental Laws, and
    compliance in all material respects with the terms and conditions thereof.

        (b) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
    Material Adverse Effect, the Company has not received any written
    communication, whether from a Governmental Authority or other Person, that
    alleges that either the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is not in
    compliance with any Environmental Laws or any Material Permit required under
    any applicable Environmental Law, or that it is responsible (or potentially
    responsible) for the cleanup of any Materials of Environmental Concern (as
    defined below) at, on or beneath its facilities or at, on or beneath any
    land adjacent thereto, and to the Company's knowledge, there are no
    conditions existing at such facilities that could reasonably be expected to
    prevent or interfere with such full compliance in the future.

        (c) To the Company's knowledge, there are no past or present facts,
    circumstances or conditions, including, without limitation, the release of
    any Materials of Environmental Concern, that could reasonably be expected to
    result in a claim against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any
    Environmental Law that would reasonably be expected to have a Company
    Material Adverse Effect.

                                      A-20

        (d) The Company has provided Parent true, complete and correct copies of
    all of the environmental audits, assessments and documentation regarding
    environmental matters pertaining to, or the environmental condition of, the
    Company's facilities or the compliance (or non-compliance) by the Company
    and its Subsidiaries with any Environmental Laws, known to the Company.

        (e) To the Company's knowledge, none of the facilities ever used by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries has ever been a site for the use,
    generation, manufacture, discharge, assembly, processing, storage, release,
    disposal or transportation to or from of any Materials of Environmental
    Concern, except for chemicals used in the ordinary course of business of the
    Company and its Subsidiaries, all of which chemicals have been stored and
    used in strict compliance in all material respects with all applicable
    Material Permits and Environmental Laws.

        (f) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is the subject of
    any federal, state, local or private litigation or proceedings involving a
    demand for damages or other potential liability with respect to any alleged
    violations of Environmental Laws.

        (g) For purposes of this Agreement, the terms "RELEASE" and
    "ENVIRONMENT" shall have the meaning set forth in the Comprehensive
    Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended,
    "ENVIRONMENTAL LAW" shall mean any federal, state, local or foreign law or
    statute, or any rule or regulation implementing such law or statute and any
    applicable case law or administrative decision, in each case existing and in
    effect on the date hereof relating to pollution or protection of the
    environment, including, without limitation, any statute or regulation
    pertaining to: (i) treatment, storage, disposal, generation or
    transportation of Materials of Environmental Concern; (ii) air, water and
    noise pollution; (iii) groundwater and soil contamination; (iv) the release
    or threatened release into the environment of hazardous substances, or solid
    or hazardous waste, including, without limitation, emissions, discharges,
    injections, spills, escapes or dumping of Materials of Environmental
    Concern; (v) the protection of wildlife, marine sanctuaries and wetlands,
    including, without limitation, all endangered and threatened species;
    (vi) aboveground or underground storage tanks, vessels and containers;
    (vii) abandoned, disposed or discarded barrels, tanks, vessels, containers
    and other closed receptacles; and (viii) the manufacture, processing, use,
    distribution, treatment, storage, disposal, transportation or handling of
    Materials of Environmental Concern, and "MATERIALS OF ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERN"
    shall mean all substances defined as Hazardous Substances, Oils, Pollutants
    or Contaminants in the National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution
    Contingency Plan, 40 C.F.R. Section 300.5, or defined as such by, or
    regulated as such under, any Environmental Law.

    2.20  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

        (a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly,
    owns, or is licensed or otherwise possesses legally enforceable rights to
    use, all patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, and
    any applications therefor, maskworks, net lists, schematics, technology,
    know-how, computer software programs or applications (in both source code
    and object code form), and tangible or intangible proprietary information or
    material (excluding Commercial Software (as defined in Subsection
    (g) below)) that are used in or necessary to conduct the business of the
    Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or as proposed to be
    conducted (the "Company Intellectual Property Rights").

        (b) Section 2.20(b)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
    complete list of all (i) patents, (ii) trademarks, (iii) registered
    copyrights, trademarks, trade names and service marks and (iv) any
    applications therefor, included in the Company Intellectual Property Rights,
    and specify, where applicable, the jurisdictions in which each such Company
    Intellectual Property Right has been issued or registered or in which an
    application for such issuance and registration has been filed, including the
    respective registration or application numbers, the date of such

                                      A-21

    registration or application, and the names of all registered owners.
    Section 2.20(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule also sets forth a
    complete list of all material licenses, sublicenses and other agreements as
    to which the Company is a party and pursuant to which the Company or any
    other person is authorized to use any Company Intellectual Property Right
    (excluding end-user, VAR and OEM licenses granted to customers in the
    ordinary course of business ("End-User Licenses")) or other trade secret
    material to the Company, and includes the identity of all parties thereto, a
    description of the nature and subject matter thereof, the applicable royalty
    and the term thereof. The Company is not in violation of any license,
    sublicense or agreement described on such list except such violations as do
    not materially impair the Company's rights under such license, sublicense or
    agreement. Except as disclosed in Section 2.20(b)(iv) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
    Company, and the consummation of the Merger contemplated hereby, will
    neither cause the Company to be in violation or default under any such
    license, sublicense or agreement, nor entitle any other party to any such
    license, sublicense or agreement to terminate or modify such license,
    sublicense or agreement.

        (c) Except as disclosed in Section 2.20(b) of the Company Disclosure
    Schedule, the Company is the sole and exclusive owner of, or is a licensee
    of (whether sole and exclusive or not), with all right, title and interest
    in and to (free and clear of any liens or encumbrances), the Company
    Intellectual Property Rights, and has rights (and is not contractually
    obligated to pay any compensation to any third party in respect thereof) to
    the use thereof or the material covered thereby in connection with the
    services or products in respect of which the Company Intellectual Property
    Rights are being used. Except as disclosed in Section 2.20(c) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule, no claims with respect to the Company Intellectual
    Property Rights have been asserted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are
    threatened by any person nor, to the knowledge of the Company, are there any
    valid grounds, for any bona fide claims (i) to the effect that the
    manufacture, sale, licensing or use of any of the products of the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries as now manufactured, sold, licensed or used or
    proposed for manufacture, sale, licensing or use by the Company infringes on
    any copyright, patent, trademark, service mark or trade secret,
    (ii) against the use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any
    trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, copyrights, patents,
    technology, know-how or computer software programs and applications used in
    the Company's business as currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted
    by the Company, or (iii) challenging the ownership by the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries or the validity or effectiveness of any of the Company
    Intellectual Property Rights. All registered trademarks, registered service
    marks and registered copyrights held by the Company and its Subsidiaries are
    valid and subsisting.

        (d) To the knowledge of the Company, there is no material unauthorized
    use, infringement or misappropriation of any of the Company Intellectual
    Property Rights by any third party, including any employee or former
    employee of the Company.

        (e) No Company Intellectual Property Right or product of the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any outstanding decree, order,
    judgment, or stipulation restricting in any manner the licensing thereof by
    the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries has entered into any agreement (other than exclusive
    distribution agreements as set forth in Section 2.20(e) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule) under which the Company or its Subsidiaries is
    restricted from selling, licensing or otherwise distributing any of its
    products to any class of customers, in any geographic area, during any
    period of time or in any segment of the market.

        (f) The Company and its Subsidiaries have a practice to secure, and have
    secured, from all consultants and contractors who contribute or have
    contributed to the creation or development of Company Intellectual Property
    Rights valid written assignments by such persons to the Company and its
    Subsidiaries of the rights to such contributions. The Company and its
    Subsidiaries have

                                      A-22

    taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect and preserve the
    confidentiality of their trade secrets. The Company has required each
    employee to execute a proprietary information and confidentiality agreement
    substantially in the Company's standard form, a true and correct copy of
    which has been provided to Parent.

        (g) "Commercial Software" means packaged commercially available software
    programs generally available to the public through retail dealers in
    computer software which have been licensed to the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries pursuant to end-user licenses and which are used in the
    business of the Company or its Subsidiaries but are in no way a component of
    or incorporated in or specifically required to develop any of the products
    and related trademarks, technology and know-how of the Company and its
    Subsidiaries.

    2.21  OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR.  The Board of Directors of the Company
has received the written opinion, dated October 18, 2002, of SG Cowen Securities
Corporation, financial advisor to the Company (the "Financial Advisor"), to the
effect that, as of such date, the Merger Consideration to be received in the
Merger by the stockholders of the Company is fair to such stockholders from a
financial point of view, and a copy of such opinion shall be delivered to Parent
promptly after the date hereof. The Company has been authorized by the Financial
Advisor to include such opinion in its entirety in the Proxy Statement.

    2.22  BROKERS.  No broker, financial advisor, investment banker or other
Person, other than the Financial Advisor which is entitled to a fee not to
exceed $150,000 upon delivery of the opinion described in Section 2.21, is
entitled to any fee, commission or expense reimbursement in connection with the
Merger or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company and no such Person, including
the Financial Advisor, is entitled to any fee or commission based on the
successful consummation of the Merger.

    2.23  CERTAIN BUSINESS PRACTICES.  Neither the Company, its Subsidiaries or,
to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, employee or agent of the
Company has: (a) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment
or other unlawful payments relating to political activity; (b) made any unlawful
payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee or to any
foreign or domestic political party or campaign or violated any provision of the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; or (c) made any other
unlawful payment.

    2.24  GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has been suspended or debarred from bidding on contracts with any Governmental
Authority, and no such suspension or debarment has been initiated or threatened.
The consummation of the Merger and other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement will not result in any such suspension or debarment of the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries or the Parent (assuming that no such suspension or
debarment will result solely from the identity of Parent).

    2.25  INTERESTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS.  Except as set forth in Section 2.25 of
the Company Disclosure Statement, since April 30, 2002, no event has occurred
that would be required to be reported by the Company as a Certain Relationship
or Related Transaction pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K.

                                      A-23

                                  ARTICLE III
            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

    Parent, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, represents and warrants to
the Company that the statements contained in this Article III are true, complete
and correct. As used in this Agreement, a "Parent Material Adverse Effect" means
any change, event or effect that is materially adverse to the business, assets
(including, without limitation, intangible assets), financial condition, results
of operations or reasonably foreseeable prospects of Parent and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and excluding (i) any other changes, events or
effects that are attributable to conditions resulting from the announcement of
this Agreement and the pendency of the Merger and other transactions
contemplated hereby, (ii) any such effect to the extent resulting from or
arising in connection with (A) changes or conditions generally affecting the
industries or segments in which Parent operates or (B) changes in general
economic, market or political conditions which, in the case of (A) or (B), is
not specifically related to, or does not have a materially disproportionate
effect (relative to other industry participants) on, Parent; PROVIDED, that any
reduction in the market price or trading volume of Parent's publicly traded
common stock shall not be deemed to constitute a Parent Material Adverse Effect
(it being understood that the foregoing shall not prevent the Company from
asserting that any underlying cause of such reduction independently constitutes
such a Parent Material Adverse Effect), or (iii) the initiation or threat of
initiation of litigation that seeks to enjoin or prevent, or that seeks damages
in respect of, the consummation of the Merger.

    3.1  ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION.  Parent is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in corporate and tax good standing under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Parent is duly qualified or licensed
as a foreign corporation to conduct business, and is in corporate and tax good
standing, under the laws of each jurisdiction where the character of the
properties owned, leased or operated by it, or the nature of its activities,
makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the failure to be
so qualified, licensed or in good standing, individually or in the aggregate,
has not had and would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Parent is not
in default under or in violation of any provision of its Articles of
Organization or Bylaws.

    3.2  AUTHORITY; REQUIRED FILINGS.

        (a) Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and
    authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations
    hereunder and to consummate the Merger and other transactions contemplated
    hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of its
    obligations hereunder and the consummation of the Merger and other
    transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly authorized by all corporate
    action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub and no other corporate
    proceedings are necessary.

        (b) This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and
    the Merger Sub and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Parent and
    Merger Sub, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms,
    subject only to the Equitable Exceptions.

        (c) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration,
    declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required by or
    with respect to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the
    execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger
    or other transactions contemplated hereby except for: (i) the filing of the
    Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
    in accordance with the DGCL; (ii) compliance with any applicable
    requirements under the Securities Act; (iii) compliance with any applicable
    requirements under the Exchange Act; (iv) compliance with any applicable
    state securities, takeover or so-called "Blue Sky" Laws, the laws and
    regulations of any foreign country; and (v) such consents, approvals, orders
    or authorizations, or registrations, declarations or filings which if not
    obtained or made, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Parent
    Material Adverse Effect.

                                      A-24

    3.3  PROXY STATEMENT.

        (a) The information supplied or to be supplied by Parent for the
    inclusion (or incorporation by reference, as the case may be) in the Proxy
    Statement shall not on the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the
    stockholders of the Company, at the time of the Special Meeting and at the
    Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
    state any material fact required to be stated therein or otherwise necessary
    in order to make the statements contained therein, in light of the
    circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or omit to state
    any material fact necessary to correct any statement in any earlier
    communication with respect to the solicitation of proxies by the Company for
    the Special Meeting which has in the interim become false or misleading in
    any material respect.

        (b) If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event should occur
    involving Parent, its officers, directors or any other Affiliate of Parent,
    which is required under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act to be set
    forth in the Proxy Statement, Parent shall immediately inform the Company of
    such event and the Company shall promptly prepare an amendment or supplement
    to the Proxy Statement in which such event shall be fully and accurately
    described. Such amendment or supplement shall first be provided to Parent
    for its review and then promptly filed with the SEC and, as required under
    the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, disseminated to the stockholders of
    the Company.

    3.4  INTERIM OPERATIONS OF MERGER SUB.  Merger Sub was formed solely for the
purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, has
engaged in no other business activities and has conducted its operations only as
contemplated in this Agreement.

    3.5  FINANCING.  Parent and Merger Sub collectively have and will have at
the Effective Time sufficient funds in immediately available U.S. dollars to pay
the Merger Consideration in cash for all outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock converted into cash pursuant to the Merger, to perform Parent's and Merger
Sub's obligations under this Agreement and to pay all fees and expenses related
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and payable by them. Parent
will make such funds available to Merger Sub when required for the performance
of its obligations hereunder.

    3.6  NON-CONTRAVENTION.  The execution, delivery and performance by Parent
and Merger Sub of this Agreement does not and will not (a) contravene or
conflict with the respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Parent
and Merger Sub; or (b) contravene or conflict with or constitute a violation of
any law applicable to Parent or Merger Sub, except, in the case of clauses
(a) or (b) above, for any such conflicts, violations, other occurrences, if any,
that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect or impair in any material respect the
ability of the Parties to consummate the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby on a timely basis.

    3.7  BROKERS.  No broker, financial advisor, investment banker or other
Person is entitled to any fee, commission or expense reimbursement in connection
with the Merger or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent and /or Merger Sub and no such
Person is entitled to any fee or commission based on the successful consummation
of the Merger.

    3.8  SECTION 203.  As of the time immediately prior to the effective time of
this Agreement, and without giving effect to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, the Stockholder's Agreements and the Option Agreement, neither
Parent nor Merger Sub is an "interested stockholder" as defined in Section 203
of the DGCL.

                                      A-25

                                   ARTICLE IV
                     CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

    4.1  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER.

        (a) The Company covenants and agrees that, between the date hereof and
    the earlier to occur of the Effective Time or such earlier time as this
    Agreement is terminated in accordance with Article VII (such period being
    hereinafter referred to as the "Interim Period"), except as expressly
    required by this Agreement or unless Parent shall otherwise consent in
    writing, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries: (i) shall conduct its
    business only in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
    practice and according to the plans and budgets previously provided to
    Parent; (ii) shall not take any action, or fail to take any action, except
    in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice; and
    (iii) shall use their reasonable best efforts to preserve intact their
    business organization, properties and assets, keep available the services of
    their officers, employees and consultants, maintain in effect all Company
    Material Contracts and preserve their relationships, customers, licensees,
    suppliers and other Persons with which they have business relations. By way
    of amplification and not limitation, except as expressly permitted by this
    Agreement or as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the
    Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, during the Interim Period,
    directly or indirectly, do any of the following without the prior written
    consent of Parent:

           (i)  amend their Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or other
       equivalent organizational documents, or otherwise alter their corporate
       structure through merger, liquidation, reorganization, restructuring or
       otherwise;

           (ii)  issue, sell, transfer, pledge, dispose of or encumber any
       shares of capital stock of any class, or any options, warrants,
       convertible securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares
       of capital stock, or any other ownership interest of the Company or any
       of its Subsidiaries, except for the issuance of shares of Company Common
       Stock issuable (a) upon the exercise of Outstanding Company Stock Options
       or (b) under the Company ESPP pursuant to Section 1.9(c);

           (iii)  redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire, directly or
       indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company or interest in or
       securities of any of its Subsidiaries;

           (iv)  sell, transfer, pledge, dispose of or encumber any properties,
       facilities, equipment or other assets, except for sales of inventory and
       equipment in the ordinary course of business and not material in amount,
       either individually or in the aggregate;

           (v)  declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution
       (whether in cash, stock or other securities or property, or any
       combination thereof) in respect of any of its capital stock or other
       equity interests (except that a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company
       may declare and pay a cash dividend to the Company);

           (vi)  split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock or
       other securities or equity interests, or issue any other securities in
       respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock
       or equity interests;

           (vii)  sell, transfer, lease, license, sublicense, mortgage, pledge,
       dispose of, encumber, grant or otherwise dispose of any Company
       Intellectual Property Rights, or amend or modify in any material respect
       any existing agreements with respect to any Company Intellectual Property
       Rights, except for licenses of Company Intellectual Property Rights to
       end-user customers for their internal use or solely as necessary for such
       customers to use the Company's products and services, in each case in the
       ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

                                      A-26

           (viii)  acquire (by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or
       assets or otherwise) any corporation, limited liability company,
       partnership, joint venture or other business organization or division
       thereof;

           (ix)  incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any debt
       securities or assume, guarantee (other than guarantees of bank debt of
       the Company's Subsidiaries entered into in the ordinary course of
       business) or endorse or otherwise as an accommodation become responsible
       for the obligations of any Person, or make any loans, advances or enter
       into any financial commitments, except in the ordinary course of business
       and as otherwise permitted under any loan or credit agreement to which
       the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as of the date of this
       Agreement;

           (x)  authorize or make any new capital expenditure or expenditures,
       or incur any obligations or liabilities in connection therewith, which
       individually is in excess of $25,000 or, in the aggregate, are in excess
       of $100,000;

           (xi)  except as required to comply with any applicable law or any
       contract agreement or Plan in effect on the date of this Agreement, and
       only after ten (10) days prior written notice to Parent, take or permit
       to be taken any action to: (A) increase the compensation payable to its
       officers or employees; (B) grant any additional severance or termination
       pay to, or enter into any employment or severance agreements with, its
       officers; (C) grant any severance or termination pay to, or enter into
       any employment or severance agreement with, any employee except in
       accordance with agreements entered into before the date of this Agreement
       or otherwise in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
       practice; (D) enter into any collective bargaining agreement; (E) hire or
       terminate any employees, independent contractors or consultants, having a
       total salary or severance package that is individually in excess of
       $75,000, or that collectively is in excess of $300,000 or (F) establish,
       adopt, enter into or amend in any material respect any bonus, profit
       sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted stock, pension,
       retirement, deferred compensation, employment, termination, severance or
       other plan, trust, fund, policy or other Plan or arrangement for the
       benefit of any of its directors, officers or employees, except in
       accordance with the provisions of Section 1.9 and 5.5 of this Agreement;

           (xii)  change any accounting policies or procedures (including,
       without limitation, procedures with respect to reserves, revenue
       recognition, payments of accounts payable and collection of accounts
       receivable), unless required by statutory accounting principles or GAAP;

           (xiii)  create, incur, suffer to exist or assume any Lien, other than
       Permitted Liens, on any of its material properties, facilities or other
       assets;

           (xiv)  other than in the ordinary course of business: (A) enter into
       any Company Material Contract; (B) modify, amend or transfer in any
       material respect or terminate any Company Material Contract or waive,
       release or assign any material rights or claims thereto or thereunder; or
       (C) enter into, extend, amend or modify any lease with respect to real
       property;

           (xv)  enter into any contract or agreement containing any restriction
       on the ability of the Company or its Subsidiaries to assign its rights,
       interests and obligations thereunder, unless such restriction expressly
       excludes any assignment to Parent in connection with or following
       consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
       hereby;

           (xvi)  enter into any contract or agreement, or amend the terms of
       any existing contract or agreement, which grants to any Person exclusive
       supply, manufacturing, production, marketing or distribution rights with
       respect to any of its products or technologies;

                                      A-27

           (xvii)  enter into any contract or agreement with a term of greater
       than one year or which can reasonably be expected to result in payment
       obligations by the Company in excess of $25,000;

           (xviii)  make any Tax election or settle or compromise any material
       federal, state, local or foreign Tax liability, or agree to an extension
       of a statute of limitations with respect thereto;

           (xix)  pay, discharge, satisfy or settle any material litigation or
       waive, assign or release any rights or claims with respect thereto, other
       than settlements in the ordinary course of business that involve only the
       payment of amounts not in excess of $20,000 individually or $100,000 in
       the aggregate, do not impose any restrictions on the conduct of the
       business of the Company or its Subsidiaries and include no admission
       being made with respect to (A) any criminal wrongdoing or (B) the
       invalidity or unenforceability of, or any infringement with respect to,
       any Company Intellectual Property Rights;

           (xx)  accelerate or otherwise amend the terms of any outstanding
       options under the Company Stock Plans, except in accordance with the
       provisions of Section 1.9 of this Agreement or as required under the
       terms of such Company Stock Plans;

           (xxi)  fail to maintain in full force and effect all insurance
       policies currently in effect, or permit any of the coverage thereunder to
       lapse, in each case without simultaneously securing replacement insurance
       policies which will be in full force and effect and provide coverage
       substantially similar to or greater than under the prior insurance
       policies;

           (xxii)  subject to Section 4.1(a)(x), fail to make any expenditures
       that are necessary and sufficient to maintain or, to the extent budgeted
       or consistent with the past practice of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
       improve the conditions of the properties, facilities and equipment of the
       Company and its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, budgeted
       expenditures relating to maintenance, repair and replacement;

           (xxiii)  take any action or fail to take any reasonable action
       permitted by this Agreement if such action or failure to take action
       could reasonably be expected to result in either (A) any of the
       representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Article II of
       this Agreement becoming untrue in any material respect or (B) any of the
       conditions to the Closing set forth in Article VI of this Agreement not
       being satisfied as of the Closing Date; or

           (xxiv)  authorize, recommend, propose, announce or enter into any
       agreement, contract, commitment or arrangement to do any of the
       foregoing.

        (b) During the Interim Period, the Company shall, and shall cause each
    of its Subsidiaries to: (i) solicit and accept customer orders in the
    ordinary course of business; and (ii) cooperate with Parent in communicating
    with suppliers and customers to accomplish the orderly transfer of the
    business and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries to the control
    of the Parent on the Closing Date.

    4.2  NO SOLICITATION OF OTHER PROPOSALS.

        (a) During the Interim Period, the Company shall not, directly or
    indirectly, through any officer, director, employee, investment banker,
    attorney, accountant or other advisor, representative or agent (each a
    "Company Representative"): (i) solicit, initiate or encourage any inquiries
    or proposals that constitute, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, a
    proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business
    combination, sale of substantial assets, sale of shares of capital stock
    consisting of at least 20% of the then currently outstanding shares
    (including, without limitation, pursuant to a tender offer) or similar
    transaction or series of transactions involving the Company and its
    Subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
    (any of the foregoing inquiries or proposals being referred to in this
    Agreement

                                      A-28

    as an "Acquisition Proposal"); or (ii) engage in negotiations or discussions
    concerning, or provide any non-public information to any Person relating to,
    any Acquisition Proposal; or (iii) agree to, approve or recommend any
    Acquisition Proposal; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that nothing contained in this
    Agreement shall prevent the Company or its Board of Directors from:
    (A) furnishing non-public information to, or entering into discussions or
    negotiations with, any Person in connection with an unsolicited bona fide
    written Acquisition Proposal by such Person or recommending such an
    unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal to the stockholders of
    the Company, if and only to the extent that (y) the Board of Directors of
    the Company determines in good faith (after consultation with, and based
    upon the advice of, its financial advisor) that such Acquisition Proposal
    would, if consummated, result in a transaction more favorable, from a
    financial point of view, to the Company's stockholders than the Merger and
    other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (any such more favorable
    Acquisition Proposal being referred to in this Agreement as a "Superior
    Proposal") and the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good
    faith after consultation with, and based upon the advice of, its outside
    legal counsel that such action is necessary for the Company to comply with
    its fiduciary duties to its stockholders under applicable law and (z) prior
    to furnishing such non-public information to, or entering into discussions
    or negotiations with, such Person, the Company's Board of Directors receives
    from such Person an executed non-disclosure agreement with terms no less
    favorable to such party than those terms contained in the confidentiality
    agreement, dated as of August 6, 2002, between Parent and the Company (the
    "Confidentiality Agreement"); or (B) complying with Rule 14e-2 promulgated
    under the Exchange Act with regards to an Acquisition Proposal.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company's Board of Directors shall
    receive a bona fide, unsolicited Acquisition Proposal as to which financing
    is not committed and if the Company's Board of Directors shall determine in
    good faith that such Acquisition Proposal would, but for the question of the
    financial capability of the proposed acquiror, constitute a Superior
    Proposal, then in such event the Company's Board of Directors and its
    financial advisor may, for the purpose of determining whether such proposal
    constitutes a Superior Proposal, conduct such limited inquiries of the
    proponent of such Acquisition Proposal as are necessary for the sole purpose
    of ascertaining whether the proposed transaction is reasonably capable of
    being consummated by such proponent so as to constitute a Superior Proposal.
    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company acknowledges
    and agrees that any violation of or the taking of any action inconsistent
    with any of the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence by anyone
    acting on behalf of any of the Company, shall be deemed to constitute a
    breach of this Section 4.2 by the Company for all purposes of this
    Agreement.

        (b) Upon compliance with the foregoing, following the Company's receipt
    of a Superior Proposal, the Company shall be entitled to: (i) withdraw,
    modify or refrain from making its recommendation referred to in
    Section 5.1(a)(v) and 5.2(d) and approve and recommend to the stockholders
    of the Company such Superior Proposal; and (ii) enter into an agreement with
    such Person concerning such Superior Proposal.

        (c) The Company shall notify Parent as soon as practicable (and in any
    event within 24 hours) after receipt by the Company (or after the Company
    learns of receipt by its advisors) of any Acquisition Proposal or any
    request for non-public information in connection with an Acquisition
    Proposal or for access to the properties, books or records of the Company by
    any Person that informs the Company that it is considering making, or has
    made, an Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding Section 8.2, such notice
    shall be made both orally and in writing and shall indicate in reasonable
    detail the identity of the offeror and the terms and conditions of such
    proposal, inquiry or contact. The Company shall notify Parent of any
    discussions with any such offeror within 24 hours of such discussions and
    shall disclose to Parent within such 24-hour period the substance of such
    discussions in reasonable detail.

        (d) The Company shall be entitled to provide copies of this Section 4.2
    to third parties who, on an unsolicited basis after the date of this
    Agreement, contact the Company regarding an Acquisition Proposal, provided
    that Parent shall concurrently be notified of such contact and delivery of
    such copy.

                                      A-29

                                   ARTICLE V
                             ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

    5.1  SPECIAL MEETING; PROXY STATEMENT; OTHER FILINGS.

        (a) The Company shall in accordance with applicable law:

           (i)  as promptly as practicable after the execution of this
       Agreement, in accordance with the DGCL and its Certificate of
       Incorporation and Bylaws duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a
       special meeting of its stockholders for the purpose of considering and
       taking action upon this Agreement (the "Special Meeting");

           (ii)  prepare and use reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC
       within twelve (12) Business Days after execution of this Agreement a
       preliminary proxy statement relating to the Merger and this Agreement in
       form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent;

           (iii)  after consultation with Parent, respond promptly to any and
       all comments made by the SEC with respect to the preliminary proxy
       statement and, as soon as practicable thereafter to cause a definitive
       proxy statement (the "Proxy Statement") to be mailed to the stockholders
       of the Company in accordance with Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act,
       the Company's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and the DGCL;

           (iv)  provide Parent with a reasonable opportunity to review and
       comment on the preliminary proxy statement and all amendments thereto and
       the Proxy Statement and all amendments or supplements thereto prior to
       the filing of the same with the SEC, and will provide Parent with a true
       and complete copy of all such filings made with the SEC;

           (v)  include in the Proxy Statement (A) the opinion of the Financial
       Advisor referred to in Section 2.21 and (B) subject to Section 4.2, the
       recommendation of the Board of Directors that stockholders of the Company
       vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement (the "Company
       Recommendation"); provided, however, that the Company shall submit this
       Agreement to the stockholders of the Company, whether or not the
       Company's Board of Directors at any time changes, withdraws or modifies
       its recommendation pursuant to Section 4.2;

           (vi)  subject to Section 4.2, use all reasonable efforts to solicit
       from stockholders proxies in favor of the Merger and adoption of this
       Agreement and take all actions reasonably necessary or, in the reasonable
       opinion of Parent, advisable to secure the approval of the stockholders
       required;

           (vii)  not, once the Special Meeting has been called and noticed,
       postpone or adjourn the Special Meeting (other than for the absence of a
       quorum and then only to such future date as is reasonably acceptable to
       Parent) without the prior written consent of Parent;

        (b) The Company agrees that its obligation to duly call, give notice of,
    convene and hold the Special Meeting as required by Section 5.1(a) shall not
    be affected by the withdrawal, amendment or modification of the Company
    Recommendation; and (ii) the Company agrees that its obligations under
    Section 5.1(a) shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal,
    public disclosure or communication to the Company of any Acquisition
    Proposal.

        (c) Parent shall:

           (i)  promptly furnish all information concerning Parent and Merger
       Sub required to be included in the Proxy Statement; and

                                      A-30

           (ii)  vote any shares of the Company beneficially owned by it, or
       with respect to which it has the power (by agreement, proxy or otherwise)
       to vote or cause to be voted, in favor of the adoption of this Agreement
       and approval of the Merger at the Special Meeting.

        (d) As promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, the
    Parties shall prepare and file any other filings required under the Exchange
    Act, the Securities Act or any other federal or state securities laws
    relating to the Merger and other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
    (collectively, the "Other Filings").

    5.2  TENDER OFFER.

        (a) Parent shall have the option (the "Tender Offer Option") at any time
    prior to the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the stockholders of
    the Company to cause Merger Sub to (A) commence (within the meaning of
    Rule 14d-2 under the Exchange Act) an offer (the "Offer") to purchase any
    and all of the Company Common Stock at a price per share equal to the Merger
    Consideration, net to the selling stockholder in cash and (B) after
    affording the Company a reasonable opportunity to review and comment
    thereon, file a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (the "Schedule TO")
    and all other necessary documents with the SEC (collectively, the "Offer
    Documents"), make all deliveries, mailings and telephonic notices required
    by Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act, and publish, send or give the
    disclosure required by Rule 14d-6 under the Exchange Act by complying with
    the dissemination requirements of Rule 14d-4 under the Exchange Act in each
    case in connection with the Offer Documents. The Offer shall be subject only
    to the condition that there shall be validly tendered in accordance with the
    terms of the Offer, prior to the expiration date of the Offer and not
    withdrawn, a number of shares of Company Common Stock that, together with
    the shares of Company Common Stock then owned by Parent and/or Merger Sub or
    any other Subsidiary of Parent, represents at least a majority of the shares
    of Company Common Stock outstanding on a fully-diluted basis (the "Minimum
    Condition") and to the other conditions set forth in Annex I hereto. Merger
    Sub expressly reserves the right to waive any of the conditions to the Offer
    and to make any change in the terms of or conditions to the Offer, provided
    that without the prior written consent of the Company, (i) the Minimum
    Condition may not be waived, (ii) no change may be made that changes the
    form of consideration to be paid, decreases the price per share of Company
    Common Stock or the number of shares of Company Common Stock sought in the
    Offer or imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to those set forth in
    Annex I and (iii) no other change may be made to any term of the Offer in
    any manner adverse to the holders of the shares of Company Common Stock.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, without the consent of the Company, Merger
    Sub shall have the right to extend the Offer (i) from time to time if, at
    the scheduled or extended expiration date of the Offer, any of the
    conditions to the Offer shall not have been satisfied or waived, until such
    conditions are satisfied or waived or (ii) for any period required by any
    rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC or the staff thereof
    applicable to the Offer or any period required by applicable law. The Offer
    shall remain open until the date that is twenty (20) Business Days after the
    commencement of the Offer (the "Expiration Date"), unless Parent shall have
    extended the period of time for which the Offer is open pursuant to, and in
    accordance with, the terms of this Agreement or as may be required by
    applicable law, in which event, the term Expiration Date shall mean the
    latest time and date as the Offer, as so extended, may expire. If, at any
    Expiration Date, any of the conditions to the Offer are not satisfied or
    waived by Parent, Parent may, but shall not be required to, extend the
    Offer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent and Merger Sub agree that
    Merger Sub shall from time to time extend the Offer, if requested by the
    Company, if at the Expiration Date (or any extended expiration date of the
    Offer, if applicable), any of the conditions of the Offer other than (or in
    addition to) the Minimum Condition or those set forth in Sections (c), (d),
    (e), (f) or (g) of Annex I shall not have been waived or satisfied, until
    (taking into account all such extension(s)) January 31, 2003. If at the

                                      A-31

    expiration of the Offer all of the conditions to the Offer have been
    satisfied or waived, Merger Sub may extend the Offer pursuant to an
    amendment to the Offer providing for a "subsequent offering period" not to
    exceed twenty (20) Business Days to the extent permitted under, and in
    compliance with, Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act. Subject to the
    foregoing and upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer,
    Merger Sub shall, and Parent shall cause it to, accept for payment and pay
    for, as promptly as practicable after the expiration of the Offer, all
    shares of Company Common Stock validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant
    to the Offer.

        (b) Parent, Merger Sub and the Company agree that the Offer Documents
    shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of applicable
    U.S. federal securities laws and, on the date first filed with the SEC and
    on the date first published, sent or given to the Company's stockholders,
    shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
    any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
    make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
    were made, not misleading, except that in complying with the foregoing
    commitments, Parent or Merger Sub may rely on the accuracy of any
    information supplied by the Company or any of its stockholders for inclusion
    or incorporation by reference in the Offer Documents, and the Company may
    rely on the accuracy of any information supplied by Parent or Merger Sub for
    inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Offer Documents. Parent,
    Merger Sub and the Company each agrees promptly to correct any information
    provided by it for use in the Offer Documents if and to the extent that such
    information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect.
    Parent and Merger Sub agree to take all steps necessary to cause the
    Schedule TO as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and the other Offer
    Documents as so corrected to be disseminated to holders of shares of Company
    Common Stock, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable
    federal securities laws. The Company and its counsel shall be given a
    reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Offer Documents and any
    amendments thereto prior to their being filed with the SEC or disseminated
    to the holders of shares of Company Common Stock. Parent and Merger Sub
    shall provide the Company and its counsel with a copy of any written
    comments or telephonic notification of any oral comments Parent, Merger Sub
    or their counsel may receive from the SEC or its staff with respect to the
    Offer promptly after the receipt thereof, shall consult with the Company and
    its counsel prior to responding to any such comments, and shall provide the
    Company and its counsel with a copy of any written responses thereto and
    telephonic notification of any oral responses thereto of Parent or Merger
    Sub or their counsel.

        (c) Parent shall provide or cause to be provided to Merger Sub on a
    timely basis the funds necessary to purchase any and all shares of Company
    Common Stock that Merger Sub becomes obligated to purchase pursuant to the
    Offer.

        (d) The Company hereby consents to the Offer and represents that its
    Board of Directors, at a meeting duly called and held has (i) unanimously
    determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
    including the Offer and the Merger, are fair to and in the best interests of
    all holders of Company Common Stock, (ii) unanimously approved this
    Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer,
    (iii) if Parent elects to exercise the Tender Offer Option, subject to
    Section 4.2, unanimously resolved to recommend to the holders of Company
    Common Stock that they tender their shares in the Offer and vote to adopt
    this Agreement and (iv) taken all action necessary to render the limitations
    on business combinations contained in Section 203 of Delaware Law
    inapplicable to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and
    thereby.

        (e) If Parent elects to exercise the Tender Offer Option, the Company
    will promptly furnish Parent with a list of its stockholders, mailing labels
    and any available listing or computer file containing the names and
    addresses of all record holders of shares of Company Common Stock and lists
    of securities positions of shares of Company Common Stock held in stock
    depositories, in

                                      A-32

    each case true and correct as of the most recent practicable date, and will
    provide to Parent such additional information (including updated lists of
    stockholders, mailing labels and lists of securities positions) and such
    other assistance as Parent may reasonably request in connection with the
    Offer. From and after the date of this Agreement, all such information
    concerning the Company's record holders and, to the extent known, beneficial
    holders, shall be made available to Merger Sub upon request. Subject to the
    requirements of applicable laws and except for such steps as are necessary
    to disseminate the Offer Documents and any other documents necessary to
    consummate the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
    this Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub shall, until consummation of the
    Offer, hold in confidence the information contained in any of such labels
    and lists, shall use such information only in connection with the Offer, the
    Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, if
    this Agreement shall be terminated in accordance with Article VII, shall
    deliver to the Company all copies of such information then in their
    possession or under their control.

        (f) As soon as practicable on the day that the Offer is commenced, the
    Company shall file with the SEC and disseminate to holders of shares of
    Company Common Stock, in each case as and to the extent required by
    applicable federal securities laws, a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement
    on Schedule 14D-9 (together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the
    "Schedule 14D-9") that, subject to Section 4.2, shall reflect the
    recommendations of the Company's Board of Directors referred to above. The
    Company, Parent and Merger Sub each agrees promptly to correct any
    information provided by it for use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the
    extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in any
    material respect. The Company agrees to take all steps necessary to cause
    the Schedule 14D-9 as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and to be
    disseminated to holders of shares of Company Common Stock, in each case as
    and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws. Parent and
    its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on
    the Schedule 14D-9 and each amendment thereto prior to its being filed with
    the SEC or disseminated to the holders of shares of Company Common Stock.

        (g) Effective upon the acceptance for payment of, and payment for, any
    shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the Offer, Parent shall be
    entitled to designate the number of directors, rounded up to the next whole
    number, on the Company's Board of Directors that equals the product of
    (i) the total number of directors on the Company's Board of Directors
    (giving effect to the election of any additional directors pursuant to this
    Section 5.2(g)) and (ii) the percentage that the number of shares of Company
    Common Stock beneficially owned by Parent and/or Merger Sub (including
    shares of Company Common Stock accepted for payment) bears to the total
    number of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding, and the Company shall
    take all action necessary to cause Parent's designees to be elected or
    appointed to the Company's Board of Directors, including increasing the
    number of directors, and seeking and accepting resignations of incumbent
    directors. At such time, the Company will also use its reasonable best
    efforts to cause individuals designated by Parent to constitute the number
    of members, rounded up to the next whole number, on (i) each committee of
    the Board (subject to any relevant independence requirements) and (ii) each
    board of directors of each Subsidiary of the Company (and each committee
    thereof) that represents the same percentage as such individuals represent
    on the Board of Directors of the Company.

        (h) The Company's obligations to appoint Parent's designees to the Board
    of Directors shall be subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and
    Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder. The Company shall promptly take all
    actions, and shall include in the Schedule 14D-9 such information with
    respect to the Company and its officers and directors, as Section 14(f) and
    Rule 14f-1 require in order to fulfill its obligations under this Section.
    Parent shall supply to the Company in writing

                                      A-33

    and be solely responsible for any information with respect to itself and its
    nominees, officers, directors and affiliates required by Section 14(f) and
    Rule 14f-1.

        (i) Following the election or appointment of Parent's designees pursuant
    to Section 5.2(g) and until the Effective Time, there shall be in office at
    least one Continuing Director (as defined below) and the approval of not
    less than a majority of the directors of the Company then in office, which
    majority shall include the concurrence of a majority of the directors
    neither designated by Parent nor employed by the Company (the "Continuing
    Directors"), shall be required to authorize any amendment or modification to
    the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company (except as
    otherwise provided herein), any termination of this Agreement by the
    Company, any amendment of this Agreement requiring action by the Board of
    Directors, any extension of time for performance of any obligation or action
    hereunder by Parent or Merger Sub and any waiver of compliance with any of
    the agreements or conditions contained herein for the benefit of the Company
    or other action by the Company hereunder which materially adversely affects
    the rights of the Company hereunder or of the holders of shares of Company
    Common Stock (other than Parent and Merger Sub); provided, however, if the
    foregoing provisions of this subsection are invalid or incapable of being
    enforced under applicable law, then neither Parent nor Merger Sub shall
    approve (either in its capacity as a stockholder or as a party to this
    Agreement, as applicable), and Parent and Merger Sub shall use their
    commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the occurrence of, such action
    unless such action shall have received the unanimous approval of the Board
    of Directors of the Company. Following the election or appointment of
    Parent's designees pursuant to Section 5.2(g) and until the Effective Time,
    the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that at least
    two (2) Continuing Directors shall remain members of the Board of Directors;
    provided that, if there shall be in office fewer than two (2) Continuing
    Directors for any reason, the parties shall use their commercially
    reasonable efforts to cause the Board of Directors of the Company to cause
    the person designated by the remaining Continuing Director to be elected to
    fill such vacancy, which person shall be deemed to be a Continuing Director
    for all purposes of this Agreement. If no Continuing Directors then remain,
    the other directors of the Company then in office shall designate two
    (2) persons to fill such vacancies who will not be directors, Officers,
    employees or Affiliates of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company, and such
    persons shall be deemed to be Continuing Directors for all purposes of this
    Agreement. The Board of Directors of the Company shall not delegate any
    matter covered by this Sections 5.2(g)-(i) to any committee of the Board of
    Directors of the Company unless such committee consists only of Continuing
    Directors.

    5.3  ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY.

        (a) Upon reasonable notice, the Company shall (and shall cause each of
    its Subsidiaries to) afford to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel
    and other representatives of Parent reasonable access, during the Interim
    Period, to all its properties, books, contracts, commitments and records
    and, during such period, furnish promptly to Parent all information
    concerning its business, properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably
    request. The Company shall make available to Parent the appropriate
    individuals for discussion of its business, properties and personnel as
    Parent may reasonably request.

        (b) No investigation by Parent or its representatives shall affect any
    representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the Company set
    forth herein or the conditions to the obligations of the Company hereto.

        (c) All information obtained by Parent pursuant to Section 5.3
    (a) shall be kept confidential in accordance with the Confidentiality
    Agreement.

                                      A-34

    5.4  REASONABLE EFFORTS; FURTHER ASSURANCES.

        (a) Parent and the Company shall use their reasonable best efforts to
    satisfy or cause to be satisfied all of the conditions precedent that are
    set forth in Article VI, as applicable to each of them. Each Party, at the
    reasonable request of the other, shall execute and deliver such other
    instruments and do and perform such other acts and things as may be
    necessary or desirable for effecting completely the consummation of the
    Merger and other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

        (b) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company and Parent
    agree to use their respective reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to
    be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,
    proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most
    expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and other transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement including, without limitation, using their
    respective reasonable best efforts: (i) to obtain prior to the Closing Date
    all licenses, certificates, permits, consents, approvals, authorizations,
    qualifications and orders of Governmental Authorities and parties to
    agreements and contracts with the Company or its Subsidiaries as are
    necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;
    (ii) to effect all necessary registrations and filings required by any
    Governmental Authority (in connection with which Parent and the Company
    shall cooperate with each other in connection with the making of all such
    registrations and filings, including, without limitation, providing copies
    of all such documents to the non-filing party and its advisors prior to the
    time of such filing and, if requested, will accept all reasonable additions,
    deletions or changes suggested in connection therewith); (iii) to furnish to
    each other such information and assistance as reasonably may be requested in
    connection with the foregoing; and (iv) to lift, rescind or mitigate the
    effects of any injunction, restraining order or other ruling by a
    Governmental Authority adversely affecting the ability of any Party to
    consummate the Merger or other transactions contemplated hereby and to
    prevent, with respect to any threatened or such injunction, restraining
    order or other such ruling, the issuance or entry thereof.

    5.5  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT MATTERS.

        (a) Parent agrees that individuals who are employed by the Company or
    any Subsidiary of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
    remain employees of the Surviving Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries
    upon the Effective Time (each such employee, a "New Parent Employee").

        (b) After the Effective Time the New Parent Employees shall be eligible
    to participate in the employee benefit plans of Parent (the "Parent Benefit
    Plans") to the same extent as any similarly situated and geographically
    located employee of Parent.

        (c) With respect to each Parent Benefit Plan in which New Parent
    Employees subsequently participate, for purposes of determining vesting and
    entitlement to benefits, including for severance benefits and vacation
    entitlement (but not for accrual of pension benefits), service with the
    Company and its Subsidiaries (or predecessor employers thereof to the extent
    the plans of the Company or its Subsidiaries provides past service credit)
    shall be treated as service with Parent; provided, that such service shall
    not be recognized to the extent that such recognition would result in a
    duplication of benefits or to the extent that such service was not
    recognized under the applicable Plan of the Company or Subsidiary. Such
    service also shall apply for purposes of satisfying any waiting periods,
    evidence of insurability requirements, or the application of any
    pre-existing condition limitations. Each Parent Benefit Plan shall waive
    pre-existing condition limitations to the same extent waived under the
    applicable Plan of the Company or Subsidiary. New Parent Employees shall be
    given credit for amounts paid under a corresponding benefit plan of the
    Company or a Subsidiary during the same period for purposes of applying
    deductibles, co-payments and out-of-pocket maximums as though such amounts
    had been paid in accordance

                                      A-35

    with the terms and conditions of the Parent Benefit Plan for the plan year
    in which the Effective Time occurs.

        (d) Nothing contained in this Section 5.5 shall be deemed to be a
    commitment of the Surviving Corporation, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
    to employ any New Parent Employee for any period of time after the Effective
    Time, and this Section 5.5 shall not be construed to limit the ability of
    the Surviving Corporation, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate
    the employment of any New Parent Employee at any time after the Effective
    Time. In addition, nothing contained in this Section 5.5 shall be deemed to
    prevent Parent from amending or terminating any Parent Benefit Plan in
    accordance with its terms.

        (e) The provisions of this Section 5.5 are not intended to create rights
    of third party beneficiaries.

    5.6  NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN MATTERS.

        (a) The Company shall give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent shall
    give prompt notice to the Company, of the occurrence or non-occurrence of
    (i) any event the occurrence, or non-occurrence of which could reasonably be
    expected to result in any representation or warranty contained in this
    Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect (or, in the
    case of any representation or warranty qualified by its terms by
    materiality, then untrue or inaccurate in any respect) and (ii) any failure
    of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub, as the case may be, to comply with or
    satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be
    complied with or satisfied by it hereunder; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the
    delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5.6(a) shall not limit or
    otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to the Party receiving
    such notice.

        (b) Each of the Company and Parent shall give prompt notice to the other
    of (i) any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the
    consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the Merger
    or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) any notice or
    other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the
    Merger or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iii) any
    litigation, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the Company or
    any of its Subsidiaries or Parent that relates to the Merger or other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iv) the occurrence of a
    default or event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, will become a
    default under a Company Material Contract; and (v) any change that would be
    considered reasonably likely to result in a Company or Parent Material
    Adverse Effect, as the case may be, or is likely to impair in any material
    respect the ability of either Parent or the Company to consummate the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

    5.7  PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS.  Except as otherwise required by applicable law,
court process, or as provided elsewhere herein, prior to the Closing or the
earlier termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VII, the Company shall
not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue or cause the
publication of any press release or other public announcement with respect to
the Merger or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement without the
consent of Parent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed.

    5.8  INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.

        (a) Parent and the Surviving Corporation agree that all rights to
    indemnification and exculpation from liabilities for acts or omissions
    occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (and rights for advancement of
    expenses) now existing in favor of the current or former directors or
    officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the "Indemnified Parties") as
    provided in their respective Certificates of Incorporation or Bylaws (or
    comparable organizational documents) and any indemnification or other
    agreements of the Company and its Subsidiaries as in effect on the

                                      A-36

    date of this Agreement shall be assumed by the Surviving Corporation in the
    Merger, without further action, at the Effective Time and shall survive the
    Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with their
    terms, and Parent shall ensure that the Surviving Corporation complies with
    and honors the foregoing obligations.

        (b) In the event that the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors
    or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and is not
    the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or
    merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all its properties
    and assets to any Person, or if Parent dissolves the Surviving Corporation,
    then, and in each such case, Parent shall cause proper provision to be made
    so that the successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation assume the
    obligations set forth in this Section 5.8, and Parent shall ensure that such
    successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation comply with and honor
    the foregoing obligations.

        (c) Parent shall, or the Company may with the prior written consent of
    Parent, purchase a five (5) year extended reporting period endorsement
    ("reporting tail coverage") under the Company's existing directors' and
    officers' liability insurance policy, or with the Company's prior consent,
    which shall not be unreasonably withheld or conditioned, a substantially
    similar policy, with respect to claims arising from facts or events that
    occurred on or prior to the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
    in no event shall Parent or the Surviving Corporation be obligated to expend
    in excess of $1,000,000 in the aggregate for payment of the premiums (the
    "D&O Premium Cap") for such directors' and officers' liability insurance in
    order to maintain or procure insurance coverage pursuant to this
    paragraph (c). If Parent or the Surviving Corporation is unable to obtain
    the insurance coverage required by this Section 5.8(c) for an aggregate
    amount less than or equal to the D&O Premium Cap, Parent or the Surviving
    Corporation, after consultation with the Company, shall obtain as much
    insurance as can be obtained for the D&O Premium Cap.

        (d) The provisions of this Section 5.8 are intended to be for the
    benefit of, and will be enforceable by each Indemnified Party, his or her
    respective heirs and representatives and may not be amended or repealed in
    any manner adverse to such Indemnified Party without the written consent of
    such Indemnified Party.

    5.9  OPTION AGREEMENT.  Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, the Company shall execute and deliver to Parent the Option
Agreement. The Company agrees to fully perform to the fullest extent permitted
under applicable law its obligations under the Option Agreement.

                                      A-37

                                   ARTICLE VI
                              CONDITIONS OF MERGER

    6.1  CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF EACH PARTY TO EFFECT THE MERGER.  The
obligations of each Party to effect the Merger and consummate the other
transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction at or
prior to the Closing of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in
writing by the Party entitled to the benefit thereof, in whole or in part, to
the extent permitted by the applicable law:

        (a)  STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL.  This Agreement and the Merger shall have
    been approved and adopted by the Requisite Stockholder Vote in accordance
    with the DGCL and the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company
    at the Special Meeting.

        (b)  NO INJUNCTIONS OR RESTRAINTS; ILLEGALITY.  No temporary restraining
    order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order (whether
    temporary, preliminary or permanent) issued by any court of competent
    jurisdiction, or other legal restraint or prohibition shall be in effect
    which prevents the consummation of the Merger on substantially identical
    terms and conferring upon Parent substantially all the rights and benefits
    as contemplated herein, nor shall any proceeding brought by any Governmental
    Authority, domestic or foreign, seeking any of the foregoing be pending, and
    there shall not be any action taken, or any law, regulation or order
    enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the Merger, which makes
    the consummation of the Merger on substantially identical terms and
    conferring upon Parent substantially all the rights and benefits as
    contemplated herein illegal.

    6.2  ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT.  The obligations of
Parent to effect the Merger are also subject to the following conditions, any
and all of which may be waived in writing by the Parent, in whole or in part, to
the extent permitted by the applicable law:

        (a)  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The representations and warranties
    of the Company contained herein that are qualified as to materiality shall
    be true and correct, and the representations and warranties of the Company
    contained herein that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all
    material respects, except, in all such cases, for such breaches,
    inaccuracies or omissions of such representations and warranties which,
    considered in the aggregate, have neither had nor reasonably would be
    expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, in each case as of the
    date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as
    though made as of the Closing Date except that the accuracy of
    representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of a specified
    date will be determined as of such date. Parent shall have received a
    certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer
    and Chief Financial Officer of the Company to such effect.

        (b)  AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS.  The Company shall have performed or
    complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants required
    by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the
    Effective Time. Parent shall have received a certificate to such effect
    signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
    Company.

    (c)  APPROVALS OF GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES; THIRD PARTY CONSENTS.  Parent
shall have received evidence, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
it, that (i) those approvals of Governmental Authorities and other third parties
described in Section 2.4(d) (or not described in Section 2.4 (d) but required to
be so described) have been obtained and (ii) the consents of such Persons set
forth in Section 2.4(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule have been obtained,
except where the failure to have been obtained, either individually or in the
aggregate, has not had and could not reasonably be expected to result in a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

                                      A-38

        (d)  NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT.  From and after the date hereof, there
    shall not have occurred any event or occurrence and no circumstance shall
    exist which, alone or together with any one or more other events,
    occurrences or circumstances has had, is having or could reasonably be
    expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.

        (e)  RESIGNATIONS OF DIRECTORS.  Parent shall have received written
    resignations from all of the directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries
    effective as of the Effective Time.

        (f)  DISSENTERS' RIGHTS.  The holders of less than five percent (5%) of
    the Company Common Stock shall have demanded and perfected their right to an
    appraisal of the Company Common Stock in accordance with the DGCL.

    6.3  ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY.  The obligation of
the Company to effect the Merger is also subject to the following conditions,
any and all of which may be waived in writing by the Company, in whole or in
part, to the extent permitted by the applicable law:

        (a)  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The representations and warranties
    of Parent and Merger Sub contained herein that are qualified as to
    materiality shall be true and correct, and the representations and
    warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained herein that are not so
    qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, except, in all
    such cases, for such breaches, inaccuracies or omissions of such
    representations and warranties which, considered in the aggregate, have
    neither had nor reasonably would be expected to have a Parent Material
    Adverse Effect, in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
    Closing Date with the same effect as though made as of the Closing Date
    except that the accuracy of representations and warranties that by their
    terms speak as of a specified date will be determined as of such date. The
    Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by the
    Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Parent to such
    effect.

        (b)  AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS.  Parent and Merger Sub shall have
    performed or complied in all material respects with all agreements and
    covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by
    them on or prior to the Effective Time, except for any failure to perform or
    comply with such agreements and covenants which would not, individually or
    in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse
    Effect, and the Company shall have received a certificate to such effect
    signed by the Chief Executive Office and Chief Financial Officer of Parent.

        (c)  APPROVALS OF GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES.  The Company shall have
    received evidence, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, that
    those approvals of Governmental Authorities and other third parties
    described in Section 3.2(c) (or not described in Section 3.2(c) but required
    to be so described) have been obtained, except where the failure to have
    been so obtained, either individually or in the aggregate, could not
    reasonably be expected to result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

                                  ARTICLE VII
                       TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

    7.1  TERMINATION.  This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger and other
transactions contemplated hereby may be abandoned at any time prior to the
Effective Time, notwithstanding approval thereof by the stockholders of the
Company:

        (a) by mutual written consent of the Parties duly authorized by each of
    the Boards of Directors of Parent and the Company;

        (b) by either Parent or the Company if the Merger shall not have been
    consummated on or before January 31, 2003; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the right
    to terminate this Agreement under this

                                      A-39

    Section 7.1(b) shall not be available to a Party whose failure to fulfill
    any material obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or
    resulted in, the failure of the Merger to have been consummated on or before
    such date;

        (c) by either Parent or the Company, if a Governmental Authority shall
    have issued an order or taken any other action, in each case, which has
    become final and non-appealable and which restrains, enjoins or otherwise
    prohibits the Merger;

        (d) by either Parent or the Company, if, at the Special Meeting
    (including any adjournment or postponement thereof), the Requisite
    Stockholder Vote shall not have been obtained;

        (e) by Parent, if the Board of Directors of the Company, or any
    authorized committee thereof, shall have: (i) approved or recommended, or
    proposed to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal other than the
    Merger; (ii) failed to present and recommend the approval and adoption of
    this Agreement and the Merger to the stockholders of the Company, or
    withdrawn or modified, or proposed to withdraw or modify, in a manner
    adverse to Parent or Merger Sub, its recommendation or approval of the
    Merger and this Agreement; (iii) failed to mail the Proxy Statement to the
    stockholders of the Company within a reasonable period of time after the
    Proxy Statement becomes available for mailing or failed to include therein
    such approval and recommendation (including the recommendation that the
    stockholders of the Company vote in favor of the Merger and approve and
    adopt this Agreement); (iv) upon a request by Parent to publicly reaffirm
    the approval and recommendation of the Merger, failed to do so within two
    (2) Business Days after such request is made; (v) entered, or caused the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries to enter, into any letter of intent,
    agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement
    related to any Acquisition Proposal; (vi) breached Section 4.2(a),
    Section 4.2(c) or Section 4.2(d) (for purposes of this Section 7.1(e) not
    considering the exceptions set forth in Section 4.2(b)); (vii) breached the
    Option Agreement; or (viii) resolved or announced its intention to do any of
    the foregoing;

        (f) by Parent, if neither Parent nor Merger Sub is in material breach of
    its obligations under this Agreement, and if (i) at any time any of the
    representations and warranties of the Company herein are or become untrue or
    inaccurate such that Section 6.2(a) would not be satisfied (treating such
    time as if it were the Effective Time for purposes of this Section 7.1(f))
    or (ii) there has been a breach on the part of the Company of any of its
    covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement such that
    Section 6.2(b) will not be satisfied (treating such time as if it were the
    Effective Time for purposes of this Section 7.1(f)), and, in both case
    (i) and case (ii), such breach (if curable) has not been cured within twenty
    (20) days after notice thereof to the Company;

        (g) By Parent, if after Parent exercises the Tender Offer Option, the
    Board of Directors of the Company, or any authorized committee thereof,
    shall have: (i) failed to file with the SEC and disseminate to its holders
    of shares of Company Common Stock the Schedule 14D-9; (ii) failed to include
    in the Schedule 14D-9 the recommendation to the holders of Company Common
    Stock that they tender their shares in the Offer; (iii) withdrawn or
    modified, or proposed to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent
    or Merger Sub, its recommendation to the holders of Company Common Stock
    that they tender their shares in the Offer; (iv) upon a request by Parent to
    publicly reaffirm the recommendation to the holders of Company Common Stock
    that they tender their shares in the Offer, failed to do so within two
    (2) Business Days after such request is made; (v) otherwise breached
    Section 5.2; or (vi) resolved or announced its intention to do any of the
    foregoing; or

        (h) by the Company, if it is not in material breach of its obligations
    under this Agreement, and if (i) at any time the representations and
    warranties of Parent or Merger Sub herein become untrue or inaccurate such
    that Section 6.3(a) would not be satisfied (treating such time as if it were
    the Effective Time for purposes of this Section 7.1(h)), or (ii) there has
    been a breach on the

                                      A-40

    part of Parent or Merger Sub of any of their respective covenants or
    agreements contained in this Agreement such that Section 6.3(b) would not be
    satisfied (treating such time as if it were the Effective Time for purposes
    of this Section 7.1(h)), and, in both case (i) and case (ii), such breach
    (if curable) has not been cured within twenty (20) days after notice thereof
    to Parent.

    7.2  EFFECT OF TERMINATION.  Except as provided in this Section 7.2, in the
event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1, this
Agreement (other than this Section 7.2 and Sections 5.3(c), 7.3 and
Article VIII, each of which shall survive such termination) will forthwith
become void, and there will be no liability on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or
the Company or any of their respective officers or directors to the other and
all rights and obligations of any Party will cease, except that nothing herein
will relieve any Party from liability for any breach, prior to termination of
this Agreement in accordance with its terms, of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement.

    7.3  FEES AND EXPENSES.

        (a) Except as set forth in this Section 7.3, all fees and expenses
    incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
    hereby shall be paid by the Party incurring such fees and expenses, whether
    or not the Merger is consummated.

        (b) In the event that Parent terminates this Agreement pursuant to
    Section 7.1(e) or Section 7.1(g), then the Company shall pay to Parent,
    simultaneously with such termination of this Agreement, a fee in cash equal
    to $1,200,000 (the "Termination Fee"), payable by wire transfer of
    immediately available funds to an account specified by Parent. In addition,
    in the event that an Acquisition Proposal shall have been made known to the
    Company or shall have been made directly to its stockholders generally or
    any person shall have announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to
    make an Acquisition Proposal and thereafter this Agreement is terminated
    pursuant to Section 7.1(d) and such Acquisition Proposal is consummated
    within one (1) year of such termination, the Company shall pay to Parent,
    simultaneously with the consummation of such Acquisition Proposal, the
    Termination Fee, payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds to
    an account specified by Parent. Furthermore, in the event that Parent
    terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(f) due to (i) an
    intentional breach, omission or other act by or on behalf of the Company
    which causes the representations and warranties of the Company contained
    herein to become untrue or inaccurate or (ii) an intentional breach of any
    of its covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, then the Company
    shall pay to Parent, simultaneously with such termination of this Agreement,
    the Termination Fee, payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds
    to an account specified by Parent.

        (c) If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(h), then
    Parent shall reimburse the Company for all Company Stipulated Expenses not
    later than two Business Days after the date of such termination. As used in
    this Agreement, the term "Company Stipulated Expenses" shall mean those fees
    and expenses actually incurred by the Company in connection with this
    Agreement, the Merger and other transactions contemplated hereby, including
    fees and expenses of counsel, investment bankers, accountants, experts,
    consultants and other Company Representatives; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no
    event shall such amount exceed $500,000.

        (d) Nothing in this Section 7.3 shall be deemed to be exclusive of any
    other rights or remedies either Party may have hereunder or at law or in
    equity for any breach of this Agreement.

    7.4  AMENDMENT.  This Agreement may be amended by the Parties by action
taken by or on behalf of their respective Boards of Directors at any time prior
to the Effective Time; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, after approval of the Merger by
the stockholders of the Company, no amendment may be made which would reduce the
Merger Consideration. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument
in writing signed by all of the Parties.

                                      A-41

    7.5  WAIVER.  At any time prior to the Effective Time, any Party may extend
the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts required
hereunder, waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument signed by
the Party to be bound thereby.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

    8.1  SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

        (a) Except as set forth in Section 8.1(b) below, the representations,
    warranties and agreements of each Party shall remain operative and in full
    force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any
    other Party, any Person controlling any such Party or any of their officers,
    directors, representatives or agents, whether prior to or after the
    execution of this Agreement.

        (b) The representations and warranties in this Agreement shall terminate
    at the Effective Time; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, this Section 8.1(b) shall in no
    way limit any covenant or agreement of the Parties which by its terms
    contemplates performance after the Effective Time.

    8.2  NOTICES.  All notices or other communications which are required or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and sufficient if delivered personally
or sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or by registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or by electronic mail, with a
copy thereof to be delivered by mail (as aforesaid) within 24 hours of such
electronic mail, or by telecopier, with confirmation as provided above addressed
as follows:

        (a) If to Parent or Merger Sub:

           Progress Software Corporation
           14 Oak Park
           Bedford, MA 01730
           Telecopier: (781) 280-4304
           Attention: Joseph W. Alsop, Chief Executive Officer
           E-Mail: jwa@progress.com

           With copies to:

           Progress Software Corporation
           14 Oak Park
           Bedford, MA 01730
           Telecopier: (781) 280-4035
           Attention: James D. Freedman, Vice President and General Counsel
           E-Mail: freedman@progress.com

           and

           Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.
           One Financial Center
           Boston, MA 02111
           Telecopier: (617) 542-2211
           Attention: Stanford N. Goldman, Jr., Esq.
           E-Mail: fngoldman@mintz.com

                                      A-42

        (b) If to the Company:

           eXcelon Corporation
           25 Mall Road
           Burlington, MA 01803
           Telecopier: (781) 674-4194
           Attention: Joseph M. Bellini, Chief Executive Officer
           E-Mail: jbellini@exln.com

           With copies to:

           eXcelon Corporation
           25 Mall Road
           Burlington, MA 01803
           Telecopier: (781) 674-5010
           Attention: Clifford B. Thompson, General Counsel and Secretary
           E-Mail: CThompson@exln.com

           and

           Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
           1050 Connecticut Ave., NW
           Washington, DC 20036
           Telecopier: (202) 467-0539
           Attention: Stephanie Tsacoumis
           E-Mail: stsacoumis@gibsondunn.com

or to such other address as the party to whom notice is to be given may have
furnished to the other party in writing in accordance herewith. All such notices
or communications shall be deemed to be received (a) in the case of personal
delivery, on the date of such delivery, (b) in the case of nationally-
recognized overnight courier, on the next Business Day after the date when sent
(c) in the case of facsimile transmission or telecopier or electronic mail, upon
confirmed receipt, and (d) in the case of mailing, on the third Business Day
following the date on which the piece of mail containing such communication was
posted.

    8.3  INTERPRETATION.  When a reference is made in this Agreement to
Sections, subsections, Schedules or Exhibits, such reference shall be to a
Section, subsection, Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The words "include," "includes" and "including" when used herein
shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words "without limitation."
The word "herein" and similar references mean, except where a specific Section
or Article reference is expressly indicated, the entire Agreement rather than
any specific Section or Article. The  and the headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect
in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

    8.4  SEVERABILITY.  If any term or other provision of this Agreement is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public
policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of
the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to
any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good
faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the
parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that
transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

    8.5  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement, the Option Agreement and the
Stockholder's Agreements (including all exhibits and schedules hereto and
thereto), and other documents and

                                      A-43

instruments delivered in connection herewith constitute the entire agreement and
supersede all prior agreements and undertakings (other than the Confidentiality
Agreement), both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof.

    8.6  ASSIGNMENT.  This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of law
or otherwise, except that Parent and Merger Sub may assign all or any of their
rights hereunder to any Affiliate, provided that no such assignment shall
relieve the assigning Party of its obligations hereunder.

    8.7  PARTIES IN INTEREST.  Except as set forth in Section 5.8, this
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each Party
hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or
shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature
whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

    8.8  FAILURE OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER; REMEDIES CUMULATIVE.  No failure or
delay on the part of any Party in the exercise of any right hereunder will
impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of, or acquiescence in, any
breach of any representation, warranty or agreement herein, nor will any single
or partial exercise of any such right preclude other or further exercise thereof
or of any other right. All rights and remedies existing under this Agreement are
cumulative to, and not exclusive to, and not exclusive of, any rights or
remedies otherwise available.

    8.9  GOVERNING LAW; ENFORCEMENT.  This Agreement and the rights and duties
of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the law of the State of Delaware. The Parties agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It
is accordingly agreed that the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions of this Agreement in the state courts in the State of
Delaware, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled
at law or in equity. In addition, each of the Parties: (a) consents to submit
itself to the personal jurisdiction of the state courts of the State of Delaware
in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or any transaction
contemplated hereby; (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such
personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court;
(c) waives any right to trial by jury with respect to any action related to or
arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby; and
(d) consents to service of process by delivery pursuant to Section 8.2 hereof.

    8.10  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, and by the different Parties in separate counterparts, each of
which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

               [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                      A-44

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have caused this
Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized.

                                                       PROGRESS SOFTWARE CORPORATION

                                                       By   /s/ JOSEPH W. ALSOP
                                                            ----------------------------------------
                                                            Name: Joseph W. Alsop
                                                            Title: Chief Executive Officer

                                                       CHOPIN MERGER SUB, INC.

                                                       By   /s/ JOSEPH W. ALSOP
                                                            ----------------------------------------
                                                            Name: Joseph W. Alsop
                                                            Title: President

                                                       EXCELON CORPORATION

                                                       By   /s/ JOSEPH M. BELLINI
                                                            ----------------------------------------
                                                            Name: Joseph M. Bellini
                                                            Title: Chief Executive Officer

                                      A-45

                                    ANNEX I
                              CONDITIONS TO OFFER

    Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, Merger Sub shall not be
required to accept for payment or, subject to applicable law, pay for any shares
of Company Common Stock, and may terminate the Offer, if (i) immediately prior
to the expiration date of the Offer, the Minimum Condition (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) shall not have been satisfied, or (ii) at any time on or after
the date of this Agreement and prior to the expiration date of the Offer, any of
the following conditions exists and shall not have resulted from the breach by
Parent or Merger Sub of any of their respective obligations under the Merger
Agreement:

        (a) there shall be instituted or pending any action or proceeding which,
    in the reasonable judgment of Parent, has a reasonable likelihood of
    success, by any Governmental Authority, (i) challenging or seeking to make
    illegal, to delay materially or otherwise directly or indirectly to restrain
    or prohibit the making of the Offer, the acceptance for payment of or
    payment for some or all of the shares of Company Common Stock by Parent or
    Merger Sub or the consummation of the Merger, (ii) seeking to obtain
    material damages or otherwise directly or indirectly relating to the
    transactions contemplated by the Offer or the Merger, (iii) seeking to
    restrain or prohibit Parent's ownership or operation (or that of its
    affiliates) of all or any material portion of the business or assets of the
    Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or of Parent and its
    Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or to compel Parent or any of its affiliates
    to dispose of or hold separate all or any material portion of the business
    or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or of
    Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (iv) seeking to impose or
    confirm material limitations on the ability of Parent, Merger Sub or any of
    Parent's other Affiliates effectively to exercise full rights of ownership
    of the shares of Company Common Stock, including the right to vote any
    shares of Company Common Stock acquired or owned by Parent, Merger Sub or
    any of Parent's other Affiliates on all matters properly presented to the
    Company's stockholders, or (v) seeking to require divestiture by Parent,
    Merger Sub or any of Parent's other Affiliates of any shares of Company
    Common Stock or (vi) that otherwise, in the reasonable judgment of Parent,
    is likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; or

        (b) there shall have been any action taken, or any statute, rule,
    regulation, injunction, order or decree enacted, enforced, promulgated,
    issued or deemed applicable to the Offer or the Merger, by any Governmental
    Authority, that, in the reasonable judgment of Parent, is likely, directly
    or indirectly, to result in any of the consequences referred to in clauses
    (i) through (vi) of paragraph (a) above; provided, however, that the parties
    shall use reasonable efforts to cause any such decree, judgment or other
    order to be vacated or lifted prior to January 31, 2003; or

        (c) any change shall have occurred or been threatened (or any
    development shall have occurred or been threatened involving a prospective
    change) in the business, assets, liabilities, financial condition,
    capitalization, operations or results of operations of the Company or any of
    its Subsidiaries that, in the reasonable judgment of Parent, is or is likely
    to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; or

        (d) it shall have been publicly disclosed or Parent shall have otherwise
    learned that (i) any Person shall have acquired beneficial ownership of more
    than 20% of any class or series of capital stock of the Company (including
    the Company Common Stock), through the acquisition of stock, the formation
    of a group or otherwise, or shall have been granted any option, right or
    warrant, conditional or otherwise, to acquire beneficial ownership of more
    than 20% of any class or series of capital stock of the Company (including
    the Company Common Stock), other than acquisitions for bona fide arbitrage
    purposes only and other than as disclosed in a Schedule 13D or 13G on file
    with the SEC on October 18, 2002, or (ii) any such Person that, prior to
    October 18, 2002, had filed such a Schedule with the Commission shall have
    acquired beneficial ownership of additional

                                     A-I-1

    shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Company (including
    Company Common Stock), through the acquisition of stock, the formation of a
    group or otherwise, constituting 20% or more of any such class or series, or
    shall have been granted any option, right or warrant, conditional or
    otherwise, to acquire beneficial ownership of additional shares of any class
    or series of capital stock of the Company (including the Company Common
    Stock) constituting 20% or more of any such class or series; or

        (e) the Company shall have breached or failed to perform in any material
    respect any of its obligations under the Agreement, or any of its
    representations and warranties contained in the Agreement, disregarding all
    such qualifications and exceptions contained therein using the terms
    "material" or "Company Material Adverse Effect," shall not be true when made
    or at any time prior to the consummation of the Offer as if made at and as
    of such time with only such exceptions as would not reasonably be expected
    to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse
    Effect; or

        (f) the Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its
    terms; or

        (g) there shall have occurred (i) any general suspension of trading in,
    or limitation on prices for, securities on any national securities exchange
    or in the over-the-counter market for a period in excess of 18 hours,
    (ii) any declaration of a banking moratorium or general suspension of
    payments in respect of lenders that regularly participate in the U.S. market
    in loans to large corporations, (iii) any material limitation by any
    Governmental Authority in the United States that materially affects the
    extension of credit generally by lenders that regularly participate in the
    U.S. market in loans to large corporations, (iv) any commencement of a war
    involving the United States or any commencement of armed hostilities or
    other national or international calamity involving the United States that
    has a material adverse effect on bank syndication or financial markets in
    the United States or, in the case of any of the foregoing occurrences
    existing on or at the time of the commencement of the Offer, a material
    acceleration or worsening thereof; which, in the reasonable judgment of
    Parent in any such case, and regardless of the circumstances (including any
    action or omission by Parent) giving rise to any such condition, could
    reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or a Parent
    Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect on the Offer.

    The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Parent and may be
asserted by Parent regardless of the circumstances giving rise to any such
conditions and except with respect to the Minimum Condition may be waived by
Parent in whole or in part at any time and from time to time prior to the
expiration of the Offer, in each case, in the exercise of the good faith
judgment of Parent and subject to the terms of this Agreement. The failure by
Parent at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a
waiver of any such right and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right
which may be asserted at any time and from time to time prior to the expiration
of the Offer.

                                     A-I-2

                                    ANNEX II
                             INDEX TO DEFINED TERMS

"Acquisition Proposal" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(a).

"Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

"Business Day" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2.

"Certificate of Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

"Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2.

"Closing" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2.

"COBRA" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(h).

"Code" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.12(f).

"Commercial Software" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(g).

"Company Certificate" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(b).

"Company Common Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(a).

"Company Disclosure Schedule" has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph
of Article II.

"Company ESPP" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(c).

"Company Financial Statements" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(b).

"Company Intellectual Property Rights" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.20(a).

"Company Material Adverse Effect" has the meaning set forth in the first
paragraph of Article II.

"Company Material Contract" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9(a).

"Company Option Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(a).

"Company Preferred Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).

"Company Recommendation" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a)(v).

"Company Representative" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(a).

"Company SEC Reports" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(a).

"Company Stipulated Expenses" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(c).

"Company Stock Options" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(a).

"Company Stock Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(c).

"Company" has the meaning set forth in the preamble

"Confidentiality Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(a).

"Continuing Director" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(i).

"D&O Premium Cap" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.8(c).

"DGCL" has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

"Dissenting Shares" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.14.

"EDGAR" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(a).

                                     A-II-1

"Effective Time" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

"End-User Licenses" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(b).

"Environment Law" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(g).

"Equitable Exceptions" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(b).

"ERISA" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b).

"Exchange Act" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.9(b).

"Expiration Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(a).

"Financial Advisor" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.21.

"GAAP" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(b).

"Governmental Authority" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(d).

"Indemnified Parties" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.8(a).

"Insurance Policies" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(a).

"Interim Period" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a).

"IRS" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(d).

"Liens" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(c).

"Material Permit" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(a).

"Materials of Environmental Concern" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.19(g).

"Merger Consideration" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(a).

"Merger Sub Common Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.10.

"Merger Sub" has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

"Merger" has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

"Minimum Condition" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2 (a).

"Most Recent Balance Sheet" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7.

"Most Recent Balance Sheet Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7.

"Multiple Employer Welfare Arrangement" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.14 (c).

"New Parent Employee" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(a).

"Offer Documents" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(a).

"Offer" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(a).

"Option Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

"Other Filings" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(d).

"Outstanding Company Stock Options" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.3(b).

"Parent Benefit Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.5(b).

"Parent Material Adverse Effect" has the meaning set forth in the first
paragraph of Article III.

"Parent" has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

                                     A-II-2

"Party" or "Parties" has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

"Paying Agent" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.12(a).

"Pension Plan" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b).

"Permitted Liens" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a).

"Plan" or "Plans" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(a).

"Proxy Statement" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a)(iii).

"Regulation S-K" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(a).

"Requisite Stockholder Vote" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a).

"Returns" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(b).

"Sarbanes-Oxley has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(a)

"Schedule 14D-9" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(f).

"Schedule TO" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(a).

"SEC" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

"Securities Act" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(c).

"Special Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a)(i).

"Stockholder's Agreements" has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

"Subsequent Offering Period" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(a).

"Subsidiary" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(e).

"Substantially Vacant" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(f).

"Superior Proposal" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(a).

"Surviving Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.

"Tax" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a).

"Tender Offer Option" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(a).

"Termination Fee" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(b).

"Welfare Plan" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(c).

                                     A-II-3

                                                                      APPENDIX B

                        DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

SECTION 262. APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    (a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of stock
on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this section
with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied with
subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the merger
or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to Section228 of this
title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery of the fair
value of the stockholder's shares of stock under the circumstances described in
subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As used in this section, the word
"stockholder" means a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation and also
a member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words "stock" and "share" mean
and include what is ordinarily meant by those words and also membership or
membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and the words
"depository receipt" mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a depository
representing an interest in one or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of
stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

    (b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or
series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be
effected pursuant to Section251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
Section251(g) of this title), Section252, Section254, Section257, Section258,
Section263 or Section264 of this title:

        (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section shall
    be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock, or
    depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to
    determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the
    meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or
    consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities exchange or
    designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
    system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held
    of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided that no appraisal
    rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the constituent
    corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not require for its
    approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as
    provided in subsection (f) of Section251 of this title.

        (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights
    under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
    of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by
    the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to
    SectionSection251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept
    for such stock anything except:

           a.  Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from
               such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in respect
               thereof;

           b.  Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts
               in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts
               in respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date
               of the merger or consolidation will be either listed on a
               national securities exchange or designated as a national market
               system security on an interdealer quotation system by the
               National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or held of
               record by more than 2,000 holders;

           c.  Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
               receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of
               this paragraph; or

                                      B-1

           d.  Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and
               cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
               receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c.
               of this paragraph.

        (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation
    party to a merger effected under Section253 of this title is not owned by
    the parent corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights
    shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

    (c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a provision,
the procedures of this section, including those set forth in subsections
(d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

    (d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

        (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are
    provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a meeting of
    stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,
    shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record date for
    such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are available
    pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) hereof that appraisal rights are available
    for any or all of the shares of the constituent corporations, and shall
    include in such notice a copy of this section. Each stockholder electing to
    demand the appraisal of such stockholder's shares shall deliver to the
    corporation, before the taking of the vote on the merger or consolidation, a
    written demand for appraisal of such stockholder's shares. Such demand will
    be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of
    the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the
    appraisal of such stockholder's shares. A proxy or vote against the merger
    or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing
    to take such action must do so by a separate written demand as herein
    provided. Within ten days after the effective date of such merger or
    consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each
    stockholder of each constituent corporation who has complied with this
    subsection and has not voted in favor of or consented to the merger or
    consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has become
    effective; or

        (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to Section228
    or Section253 of this title, then, either a constituent corporation before
    the effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving or
    resulting corporation within ten days thereafter, shall notify each of the
    holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation who
    are entitled to appraisal rights of the approval of the merger or
    consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for any or all shares
    of such class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and shall
    include in such notice a copy of this section. Such notice may, and, if
    given on or after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, shall,
    also notify such stockholders of the effective date of the merger or
    consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to appraisal rights may, within
    20 days after the date of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the
    surviving or resulting corporation the appraisal of such holder's shares.
    Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of
    the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to
    demand the appraisal of such holder's shares. If such notice did not notify
    stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation, either
    (i) each such constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders
    of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are
    entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or
    consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send such
    a second notice to all such holders on or within ten days after such
    effective date; provided, however, that if

                                      B-2

    such second notice is sent more than 20 days following the sending of the
    first notice, such second notice need only be sent to each stockholder who
    is entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal of such
    holder's shares in accordance with this subsection. An affidavit of the
    secretary or assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the corporation
    that is required to give either notice that such notice has been given
    shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated
    therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to receive
    either notice, each constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a record
    date that shall not be more than ten days prior to the date the notice is
    given, provided that, if the notice is given on or after the effective date
    of the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be such effective
    date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the
    effective date, the record date shall be the close of business on the day
    next preceding the day on which the notice is given.

    (e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who has complied with
subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal
rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination
of the value of the stock of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to withdraw such
stockholder's demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the
merger or consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of
subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to
receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted
in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands for
appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such shares.
Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within ten days after
such stockholder's written request for such a statement is received by the
surviving or resulting corporation or within ten days after expiration of the
period for delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof,
whichever is later.

    (f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy
thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which shall
within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in Chancery
in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the names and
addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and
with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached by
the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be filed by the
surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a
duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the Court, shall
give notice of the time and place fixed for the hearing of such petition by
registered or certified mail to the surviving or resulting corporation and to
the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice
shall also be given by 1 or more publications at least 1 week before the day of
the hearing, in a newspaper of general circulation published in the City of
Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms
of the notices by mail and by publication shall be approved by the Court, and
the costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

    (g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled to
appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to
such stockholder.

    (h) After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court
shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any element
of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon
the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair value, the
Court shall take

                                      B-3

into account all relevant factors. In determining the fair rate of interest, the
Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate of interest that the
surviving or resulting corporation would have had to pay to borrow money during
the pendency of the proceeding. Upon application by the surviving or resulting
corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate in the appraisal
proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit discovery or other pretrial
proceedings and may proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior to the final
determination of the stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose
name appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation
pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who has submitted such
stockholder's certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is
required, may participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally
determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this
section.

    (i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to the
stockholders entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the Court
may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of
holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and in the case of holders of shares
represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Court's decree may be enforced as
other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving
or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

    (j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed
upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon
application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all
the shares entitled to an appraisal.

    (k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no
stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of
this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive
payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or
other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior
to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that
if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in
subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the
surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholder's
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation, either
within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation as
provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written
approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal
shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court
of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the
Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems
just.

    (l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the shares
of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they assented to
the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued
shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

                                      B-4

                                                                      APPENDIX C

                  FORM OF STOCKHOLDER'S AGREEMENT (DIRECTORS)

    STOCKHOLDER'S AGREEMENT, dated as of October 18, 2002 (the "Agreement"),
among Progress Software Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation ("Parent"),
Chopin Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Subsidiary"), and the Stockholder of eXcelon
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), whose name appears on
Schedule I hereto (the "Stockholder").

                                    RECITALS

    WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company are entering into an Agreement and
Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (as the same may be amended from
time to time, the "Merger Agreement"), which provides for, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth therein, (i) an option for the Merger Sub to
commence a tender offer (the "Offer") for all of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share, of the Company (the "Company
Common Stock"), and (ii) the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the
"Merger");

    WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Stockholder owns (beneficially (as
determined herein pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the "Exchange Act")) and/or of record) and has voting and investment power
with respect to the number of shares of Company Common Stock set forth opposite
the Stockholder's name on Schedule I hereto (all such shares so owned and which
may hereafter be acquired by the Stockholder prior to the termination of this
Agreement, whether upon the exercise of options or by means of purchase,
dividend, distribution or otherwise, but excluding any shares issuable pursuant
to any option exercise unless and until such shares are actually issued, being
referred to herein as the Stockholder's "Shares");

    WHEREAS, as a condition to their willingness to enter into the Merger
Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub have required that the Stockholder enter into
this Agreement; and

    WHEREAS, in order to induce Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger
Agreement, the Stockholder is willing to enter into this Agreement.

    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
Parent, Merger Sub and the Stockholder hereby agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1
                       TRANSFER AND VOTING OF SHARES AND
                       OTHER COVENANTS OF THE STOCKHOLDER

    1.01  VOTING OF SHARES.  From the date hereof until the earliest to occur of
(x) termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.01 hereof, (y) the
expiration of the Stock Option (as defined below) with respect to the
Stockholder's Shares and (z) the closing of any exercise of such Stock Option
(the "Term"), at any meeting of the stockholders of the Company, however called,
and in any action by consent of the stockholders of the Company, the Stockholder
shall vote the Stockholder's Shares (i) in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement, (ii) against any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) and against any proposal for action or agreement that would result in
a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or
agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement or which is reasonably
likely to result in any of the conditions of the Company's obligations under the
Merger Agreement not being fulfilled, any change in the directors of the

                                      C-1

Company, any change in the present capitalization of the Company or any
amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or
Amended and Restated Bylaws, any other material change in the Company's
corporate structure or business or any other action which in the case of each of
the matters referred to in this clause (ii) could reasonably be expected to
impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or materially adversely affect the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the likelihood of such
transactions being consummated and (iii) in favor of any other matter necessary
for consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement that
is considered at any such meeting of stockholders or in such consent, and in
connection therewith to execute any documents which are necessary or appropriate
in order to effectuate the foregoing, including the ability for Merger Sub or
its nominees to vote such Shares directly; provided, however, that Stockholder
shall not be required to vote for any action that would decrease the
consideration to be received by the stockholders of the Company in respect of
their Shares in the Merger.

    1.02  NO INCONSISTENT ARRANGEMENTS.  Except as contemplated by this
Agreement and the Merger Agreement, the Stockholder shall not during the Term
(i) transfer (which term shall include, without limitation, any sale,
assignment, gift, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition), or consent to any
transfer of, any or all of the Stockholder's Shares or any interest therein, or
create or permit to exist any Encumbrance (as defined below) on such Shares,
(ii) enter into any contract, option or other agreement or understanding with
respect to any transfer of any or all of such Shares or any interest therein,
(iii) grant any proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization in or with
respect to such Shares, (iv) deposit such Shares into a voting trust or enter
into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to such Shares or (v) take
any other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere with the
performance of the Stockholder's obligations hereunder or the transactions
contemplated hereby or by the Merger Agreement; provided, however, that nothing
contained herein shall prohibit any sale, transfer or assignment of Shares by a
Stockholder to members of such Stockholder's family, a family trust of such
Stockholder or a charitable institution if the transferee of such Shares agrees
in writing to be bound by the terms hereof and notice of such sale, transfer or
assignment, including the name and address of the purchaser, transferee or
assignee, is delivered to Merger Sub.

    1.03  PROXY/POWER OF ATTORNEY.  The Stockholder hereby revokes any and all
prior proxies or powers of attorney in respect of any of the Stockholder's
Shares and constitutes and appoints Merger Sub and Parent, or any nominee of
Merger Sub and Parent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, at
any time during the Term, as the Stockholder's true and lawful attorney and
proxy (the Stockholder's "Proxy"), for and in the Stockholder's name, place and
stead, to vote each of such Shares as the Stockholder's Proxy, at every annual,
special, adjourned or postponed meeting of the stockholders of the Company, at
which any proposal described in Section 1.01 is considered, including the right
to sign the Stockholder's name (as stockholder) to any consent, certificate or
other document in lieu of any such meeting that Delaware law may permit or
require.

    THE FOREGOING PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY ARE IRREVOCABLE AND COUPLED WITH
AN INTEREST THROUGHOUT THE TERM.

    1.04  WAIVER OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS.  The Stockholder hereby waives any rights
of appraisal in connection with the Merger.

    1.05  STOP TRANSFER.  The Stockholder shall not request that the Company
register the transfer (book-entry or otherwise) of any certificate or
uncertificated interest representing any of the Stockholder's Shares, unless
such transfer is made in compliance with this Agreement (including the
provisions of Article 3 hereof).

    1.06  NO SOLICITATION.  During the Term, the Stockholder shall not, and the
Stockholder shall cause the Stockholder's officers, directors, employees, agents
or representatives (collectively, the "Representatives") not to, (i) solicit,
initiate or take any action to facilitate or encourage the

                                      C-2

submission of any Acquisition Proposal or any inquiry with respect thereto,
(ii) enter into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish
any information relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or afford
access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries to, otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly
assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort by, any third party
that is seeking to make, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal or (iii) enter
into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract, agreement or
commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to an Acquisition Proposal. Upon
execution of this Agreement, the Stockholder shall, and the Stockholder shall
cause the Stockholder's Representatives to, immediately cease any existing
activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore
with respect to any of the foregoing.

    To the same extent required by the Company pursuant to, and subject to the
same conditions contained in, the Merger Agreement, the Stockholder shall notify
Parent promptly (but in no event later than 24 hours) after receipt by the
Stockholder of any Acquisition Proposal, any indication that any third party is
considering making an Acquisition Proposal or any request for non-public
information relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or for access to
the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries by any third party that, to such Stockholder's knowledge, may be
considering making, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal. To the same extent
required by the Company pursuant to, and subject to the same conditions
contained in, the Merger Agreement, the Stockholder shall provide such notice
orally and in writing and shall identify the third party making, and the terms
and conditions of, any such Acquisition Proposal, indication or request.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 1.06 to the contrary, if the
Stockholder or any of the Stockholder's Representatives is a member of the
Company's Board of Directors or an officer of the Company, such member of the
Company's Board of Directors or officer may take actions in such capacity to the
extent permitted by Section 4. 2 of the Merger Agreement.

    1.07  STOCKHOLDER CAPACITY; FIDUCIARY DUTIES.  No Stockholder executing this
Agreement who is or becomes during the term hereof a director or officer of the
Company or any subsidiary of the Company makes any agreement or understanding
herein or is obligated hereunder in his or her capacity as such director or
officer. The Stockholder signs solely in such Stockholder's capacity as the
record holder and beneficial owner (as further set forth on Schedule I hereto)
of the Stockholder's Shares. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
prohibit a Stockholder who is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company
or any subsidiary of the Company or officer of the Company or any subsidiary of
the Company from taking any action or inaction solely in such capacity or from
taking any action or inaction with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or
otherwise, as a member of, or at the direction of, the Board of Directors of the
Company to the extent permitted by the Merger Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 2
                                TENDER OF SHARES

    2.01  TENDER.  The Stockholder shall validly tender (or cause the record
owner of such shares to validly tender) the Stockholder's Shares pursuant to and
in accordance with the terms of the Offer, as long as the Offer is made in
accordance with the Merger Agreement, not later than the fifth business day
after commencement of the Offer pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Merger Agreement
and Rule 14d-2 under the Exchange Act, and not thereafter withdraw such tender
during the Term. The Stockholder hereby acknowledges and agrees that Parent's
and Merger Sub's obligation to accept for payment and pay for the Stockholder's
Shares in the Offer is subject to the terms and conditions of the Offer. For all
the Stockholder's Shares validly tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn, the
Stockholder will be entitled to receive the highest price paid by Merger Sub
pursuant to the Offer. Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate any Stockholder
to exercise any option, warrant or other right to purchase shares of capital
stock of the Company.

                                      C-3

    2.02  CERTAIN WARRANTIES.  Without limiting the generality or effect of any
other term or condition of the Offer, the transfer by the Stockholder of the
Shares to Merger Sub in the Offer shall pass to and unconditionally vest in
Merger Sub good and valid title to the Shares, free and clear of all
Encumbrances whatsoever other than restrictions under applicable securities
laws.

    2.03  DISCLOSURE.  The Stockholder hereby authorizes Parent and Merger Sub
to publish and disclose in the Offer Documents (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) and, if approval of the Company's stockholders is required under
applicable law, the Proxy Statement (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
(including all documents and schedules filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission), the Stockholder's identity and ownership of Shares and the nature
of the Stockholder's commitments, arrangements and understandings under this
Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 3
                                     OPTION

    3.01  OPTION SHARES.

        (a) In order to induce Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger
    Agreement, the Stockholder hereby grants to Parent or Merger Sub, as Parent
    may designate (the "Optionee"), an irrevocable option (each such option, a
    "Stock Option") to purchase all, but not in any part or less than all, of
    the Stockholder's Shares (in such context, the "Option Shares") at a
    purchase price per share equal to $3.19 (the "Exercise Price"), subject to
    the terms and conditions set forth herein.

        (b) The Stock Option may be exercised by the Optionee in whole or from
    time to time in part, at any time following the occurrence of a Triggering
    Event (as defined below) and prior to the termination of the Stock Option in
    accordance with Section 6.01. In the event the Optionee wishes to exercise
    the Stock Option, the Optionee shall send an irrevocable written notice to
    the Stockholder (the "Stock Exercise Notice") specifying the total number of
    Option Shares the Optionee wishes to purchase and a date (not later than 10
    business days and not earlier than three business days from the date such
    notice is given; provided, however, that if Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange
    Act is applicable at the time of exercise of the Stock Option, the period in
    this clause shall not begin before the expiration or termination of the
    tender offer and shall extend for 10 business days after the expiration or
    termination of the tender offer) for the closing of such purchase (the
    "Closing Date"). In the event of any change in the number of issued and
    outstanding shares of Company Common Stock by reason of any stock dividend,
    stock split, split-up, recapitalization, merger or other similar change in
    the corporate or capital structure of the Company, the number of Option
    Shares subject to the Stock Option and the Exercise Price per Option Share
    shall be proportionally adjusted.

        (c) The Optionee's right to exercise the Stock Option is subject to the
    following conditions:

           (i)  neither Parent nor Merger Sub shall have breached any of its
       obligations under the Merger Agreement such that the breach was the
       primary cause or resulted in the failure of the Offer or Merger to be
       consummated;

           (ii)  no preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by
       any federal, state or foreign court of competent jurisdiction
       invalidating the grant or prohibiting the exercise of the Stock Option or
       the delivery of the Option Shares shall be in effect;

           (iii)  all applicable waiting periods under any applicable foreign
       antitrust law or regulation shall have expired or been terminated; and

           (iv)  a Triggering Event shall have occurred.

                                      C-4

A "Triggering Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if the Merger Agreement
shall have been terminated (x) pursuant to Section 7.1(d), 7.1(e), 7.1(f) or
7.1(g) thereof or, (y) by the Company, if an Acquisition Proposal has been made,
pursuant to Section 7.1(b) thereof.

        (d) The Optionee's obligation to purchase the Option Shares following
    the exercise of the Stock Option, and the Stockholder's obligation to
    deliver the Option Shares, are subject to the conditions that:

           (i)  no preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by
       any foreign, federal or state court of competent jurisdiction prohibiting
       the delivery of the Option Shares shall be in effect;

           (ii)  the purchase of the Option Shares will not violate any material
       law, rule or regulation; and

           (iii)  all applicable waiting periods under and any applicable
       foreign antitrust law or regulation shall have expired or been
       terminated.

        (e) At any Closing Date, the Stockholder will deliver to the Optionee a
    certificate or certificates for any shares that are certificated
    representing the Option Shares in the denominations designated by the
    Optionee in its Stock Exercise Notice, and the Optionee will purchase the
    Option Shares from the Stockholder at a price per Option Share equal to the
    Exercise Price, payable in cash. Payment made by the Optionee to the
    Stockholder pursuant to this Agreement shall be made by wire transfer of
    federal funds to a bank designated by the Stockholder. After payment of the
    Exercise Price for the Option Shares covered by the Stock Exercise Notice,
    the Stock Option shall be deemed exercised to the extent of the Option
    Shares specified in the Stock Exercise Notice as of the date such Stock
    Exercise Notice is given to the Stockholder. Upon the delivery of
    certificates as described herein, good and valid title to the Option Shares
    shall pass to and unconditionally vest in the Optionee, free and clear of
    all Encumbrances whatsoever, other than restrictions imposed by securities
    laws.

        (f) Any closing hereunder shall take place on the Closing Date specified
    by the Optionee in its Stock Exercise Notice or the first business day
    thereafter on which all of the conditions in Section 3.01(c) and (d) are
    met, at the principal executive office of the Company, or at such other time
    and place as the parties hereto may agree.

        (g) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the
    event that Parent exercises the Option in whole or in part and the Company
    thereafter consummates an Acquisition Proposal within twelve months of the
    exercise of the Option (a "Subsequent Transaction"), Parent shall pay the
    Stockholder an amount equal to 50% of the difference between the Exercise
    Price paid by Parent to the Stockholder and the aggregate amount received by
    Parent in the Subsequent Transaction for any or all of the Shares. The form
    of such additional consideration shall be, at the discretion of Parent, cash
    or the form of consideration received by Parent in the Subsequent
    Transaction.

                                      C-5

                                   ARTICLE 4
               REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE STOCKHOLDER

    The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as
follows:

    4.01  DUE AUTHORIZATION, ETC.  The Stockholder has all requisite power and
authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, to appoint Merger Sub
and Parent as the Stockholder's Proxy and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement,
the appointment of Merger Sub and Parent as the Stockholder's Proxy and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized
by all necessary action on the part of the Stockholder. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Stockholder and constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Stockholder, enforceable against the
Stockholder in accordance with its terms, subject to the Equitable Exceptions
(as defined in the Merger Agreement). There is no beneficiary or holder of a
voting trust certificate or other interest of any trust of which the Stockholder
is trustee whose consent is required for the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or the consummation by the Stockholder of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

    4.02  NO CONFLICTS; REQUIRED FILINGS AND CONSENTS.

        (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Stockholder does
    not, and, subject to compliance with applicable antitrust and securities
    laws, the performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder will not,
    (i) conflict with or violate any trust agreement or other similar documents
    relating to any trust of which the Stockholder is trustee, (ii) conflict
    with or violate any law applicable to the Stockholder or by which the
    Stockholder or any of the Stockholder's properties are bound or affected or
    (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with
    notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to
    others any rights of termination, acceleration or cancellation of, or result
    in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on the Stockholder's Shares,
    pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,
    lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which
    the Stockholder is a party or by which the Stockholder or any of the
    Stockholder's assets is bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses
    (ii) and (iii), for any such breaches, defaults or other occurrences that
    would not prevent or delay the performance by the Stockholder of the
    Stockholder's obligations under this Agreement.

        (b) Subject to compliance with applicable antitrust and securities laws,
    the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Stockholder does not,
    and the performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder will not, require
    the Stockholder to obtain any consent, approval, authorization or permit of,
    or filing by the Stockholder with or notification by the Stockholder to, any
    governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, except where the
    failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to
    make such filings or notifications, would not prevent or delay the
    performance by the Stockholder of the Stockholder's obligations under this
    Agreement.

    4.03  TITLE TO SHARES.  The Stockholder is the sole record and beneficial
owner of the Stockholder's Shares, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security
interest, mortgage, charge, claim, equity, option, proxy, voting restriction,
voting trust or agreement, understanding, arrangement, right of first refusal,
limitation on disposition, adverse claim of ownership or use or encumbrance of
any kind ("Encumbrances"), other than restrictions imposed by the securities
laws or pursuant to this Agreement and the Merger Agreement.

    4.04  NO FINDER'S FEES.  No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or
other person is entitled to any broker's, finder's, financial advisor's or other
similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the

                                      C-6

Stockholder. The Stockholder, on behalf of itself and the Stockholder's
affiliates, hereby acknowledges that the Stockholder is not entitled to receive
any broker's, finder's, financial advisor's or other similar fee or commission
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Merger
Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 5
            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

    Parent and Merger Sub hereby, jointly and severally, represent and warrant
to the Stockholder as follows:

    5.01  DUE ORGANIZATION, AUTHORIZATION, ETC.  Merger Sub and Parent are duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of their
jurisdiction of incorporation. Merger Sub and Parent have all requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by
each of Merger Sub and Parent have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Merger Sub and Parent, respectively. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of Merger Sub and Parent
and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each of Merger Sub and
Parent, enforceable against Merger Sub and Parent in accordance with its terms.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Merger Sub and
Parent will not constitute a violation of, conflict with or result in a default
under, (i) any judgment, decree or order naming Merger Sub or Parent or,
(ii) any law, regulation of any governmental body applicable to Parent or Merger
Sub. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Merger Sub and Parent does
not, and the performance of this Agreement by Merger Sub and Parent will not,
require Merger Sub or Parent to obtain any consent, approval, authorization or
permit of, or filing by Merger Sub or Parent with or notification by Merger Sub
or Parent to, any governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign,
except (i) compliance with the applicable requirements under the Exchange Act,
(ii) compliance with the HSR Act, if applicable and (iii) where the failure to
obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such
filings or notifications, would not prevent or delay the performance by Merger
Sub or Parent of Merger Sub's and Parent's respective obligations under this
Agreement.

    5.02  INVESTMENT INTENT.  The Optionee is acquiring each Stock Option and,
if and when it exercises such Stock Option, will be acquiring the Option Shares
issuable upon the exercise thereof for its own account and not with a view to
distribution or resale in any manner which would be in violation of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                                   ARTICLE 6
                                 MISCELLANEOUS

    6.01  TERMINATION.  This Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of
no further force and effect upon the earliest of (i) the consummation of the
purchase of all of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, (ii) the termination of the
Merger Agreement, (iii) the written mutual consent of the Purchaser and the
Stockholder, and (iv) the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement);
provided, however, that in the event this Agreement terminates pursuant to
clause (ii) above as a result of a Triggering Event, the provisions of
Article 3 above shall survive for 90 days following such termination. Except as
provided in the preceding sentence, in the event of the termination of this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.01, this Agreement will become null and
void and of no effect with no liability on the part of any party hereto and all
proxies granted hereby will be automatically revoked; provided, however, that no
such termination will relieve any party hereto from any liability for any breach
of this Agreement occurring prior to such termination.

                                      C-7

    6.02  FURTHER ASSURANCE.  From time to time, at another party's request and
without consideration, each party hereto shall execute and deliver such
additional documents and take all such further action as may be necessary or
desirable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner
practicable, the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

    6.03  CERTAIN EVENTS.  The Stockholder agrees that this Agreement and the
Stockholder's obligations hereunder shall attach to the Stockholder's Shares and
shall be binding upon any person or entity to which legal or beneficial
ownership of such Shares shall pass, whether by operation of law or otherwise,
including, without limitation, the Stockholder's heirs, guardians,
administrators, or successors. Notwithstanding any transfer of Shares, the
transferor shall remain liable for the performance of all its obligations under
this Agreement.

    6.04  SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE.  The parties hereto agree that irreparable
damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in
accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement or to enforce
specifically the performance of the terms and provisions hereof in any federal
court located in the State of Delaware or any Delaware state court, in addition
to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

    6.05  NOTICE.  All notices or other communications which are required or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and sufficient if delivered personally
or sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or by registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or by electronic mail, with a
copy thereof to be delivered by mail (as aforesaid) within 24 hours of such
electronic mail, or by telecopier, with confirmation as provided above addressed
as follows:

        (a) If to Parent or Merger Sub:

           Progress Software Corporation
           14 Oak Park
           Bedford, MA 01730
           Telecopier: (781) 280-4304
           Attention: Joseph W. Alsop, Chief Executive Officer
           E-Mail: jwa@progress.com

           With copies to:

           Progress Software Corporation
           14 Oak Park
           Bedford, MA 01730
           Telecopier: (781) 280-4035
           Attention: James D. Freedman, Vice President and General Counsel
           E-Mail: freedman@progress.com

           and

           Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.
           One Financial Center
           Boston, Massachusetts 02111
           Telecopier: (617) 542-2211
           Attention: Stanford N. Goldman, Jr., Esq.
           E-Mail: fngoldman@mintz.com

        (b) If to the Stockholder, at the address set forth below the
    Stockholder's name on Schedule I hereto.

                                      C-8

or to such other address as the party to whom notice is to be given may have
furnished to the other party in writing in accordance herewith. All such notices
or communications shall be deemed to be received (a) in the case of personal
delivery, on the date of such delivery, (b) in the case of nationally-
recognized overnight courier, on the next Business Day after the date when sent
(c) in the case of facsimile transmission or telecopier or electronic mail, upon
confirmed receipt, and (d) in the case of mailing, on the third Business Day
following the date on which the piece of mail containing such communication was
posted. For purposes of this Agreement, "Business Day" shall mean any day on
which banks are permitted to be open in New York, New York.

    6.06  EXPENSES.  All fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the
party incurring such fees, costs and expenses.

    6.07  HEADINGS.  The headings herein are included for convenience of
reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation
hereof.

    6.08  SEVERABILITY.  If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be
invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions,
covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such a
determination, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this
Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated
hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

    6.09  ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES.  This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject
matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
both oral and written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of
this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement is intended to confer any rights,
benefits, remedies, obligations, or liabilities hereunder upon any person other
than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

    6.10  ASSIGNMENT.  This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of law
or otherwise, except that Parent and Merger Sub may assign all or any of their
rights hereunder to any Subsidiary (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of
Parent provided that no such assignment shall relieve the assigning party of its
obligations hereunder.

    6.11  GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to the
conflicts of law rules of such state.

    6.12  AMENDMENT.  This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument
in writing signed by the parties hereto.

    6.13  WAIVER.  Any party hereto may (a) extend the time for the performance
of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (b) waive
any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other parties
hereto contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and
(c) waive compliance by the other parties hereto with any of their agreements or
conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any
such extension or waiver shall be valid only as against such party and only if
set forth in an instrument in writing signed by such party. The failure of any
party hereto to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of those rights.

    6.14  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be signed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the
signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.

                                      C-9

    6.15  PARENT GUARANTEE.  Parent hereby guarantees the due and punctual
payment and performance of any and all obligations and liabilities of Merger Sub
under or arising out of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

               [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                      C-10

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and the Stockholder have caused this
Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

                                                       PROGRESS SOFTWARE CORPORATION

                                                       By:
                                                            ----------------------------------------
                                                            Name: Joseph W. Alsop
                                                            Title: Chief Executive Officer

                                                       CHOPIN MERGER SUB, INC.

                                                       By:
                                                            ----------------------------------------
                                                            Name: Joseph W. Alsop
                                                            Title: President

                                                       STOCKHOLDER

                                                       ---------------------------------------------
                                                       Name:

                                      C-11

                                                                      APPENDIX D

                        FORM OF STOCKHOLDER'S AGREEMENT
                           (INSIGHT CAPITAL PARTNERS)

    STOCKHOLDER'S AGREEMENT, dated as of October 18, 2002 (the "Agreement"),
among Progress Software Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation ("Parent"),
Chopin Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Subsidiary"), and the Stockholder of eXcelon
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), whose name appears on
Schedule I hereto (the "Stockholder").

                                    RECITALS

    WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company are entering into an Agreement and
Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (as the same may be amended from
time to time, the "Merger Agreement"), which provides for, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth therein, (i) an option for the Merger Sub to
commence a tender offer (the "Offer") for all of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share, of the Company (the "Company
Common Stock"), and (ii) the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the
"Merger");

    WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Stockholder owns (beneficially (as
determined herein pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the "Exchange Act")) and/or of record) and has voting and investment power
with respect to the number of shares of Company Common Stock set forth opposite
the Stockholder's name on Schedule I hereto (all such shares so owned and which
may hereafter be acquired by the Stockholder prior to the termination of this
Agreement, whether upon the exercise of options or by means of purchase,
dividend, distribution or otherwise, but excluding any shares issuable pursuant
to any option exercise unless and until such shares are actually issued, being
referred to herein as the Stockholder's "Shares");

    WHEREAS, as a condition to their willingness to enter into the Merger
Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub have required that the Stockholder enter into
this Agreement; and

    WHEREAS, in order to induce Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger
Agreement, the Stockholder is willing to enter into this Agreement.

    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
Parent, Merger Sub and the Stockholder hereby agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1
                       TRANSFER AND VOTING OF SHARES AND
                       OTHER COVENANTS OF THE STOCKHOLDER

    1.01  VOTING OF SHARES. From the date hereof until the termination of this
Agreement pursuant to Section 5.01 hereof (the "Term"), at any meeting of the
stockholders of the Company, however called, and in any action by consent of the
stockholders of the Company, the Stockholder shall vote the Stockholder's Shares
(i) in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement, (ii) against any
Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and against any
proposal for action or agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant,
representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company
under the Merger Agreement or which is reasonably likely to result in any of the
conditions of the Company's obligations under the Merger Agreement not being
fulfilled, any change in the directors of the Company, any change in the present
capitalization of the Company or any amendment to the Company's Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws, any other
material change in the Company's corporate structure or business or any other
action which in the case of eac