URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/850313/000104746902005184/0001047469-02-005184.txt

		8029 CORPORATE DRIVE
		CITY:			BALTIMORE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21236
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4109317500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8029 CORPORATE DR
		CITY:			BALTIMORE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21236

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INFORMATION RESOURCE ENGINEERING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

S-4

a2094709zs-4.htm

FORM S-4

QuickLinks

 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 27, 2002  

 Registration No. 333-             

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM S-4

REGISTRATION STATEMENT

UNDER

THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  

SafeNet, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation or Organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial

Classification Code Number)

52-1287752

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

SafeNet, Inc.

8029 Corporate Drive

Baltimore, MD 21236

(410) 931-7500

(Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant's Principal Executive Offices) 

Anthony A. Caputo

Chief Executive Officer

SafeNet, Inc.

8029 Corporate Drive

Baltimore, MD 21236

(410) 931-7500

(Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent For Service) 

With Copies to:  

Elizabeth R. Hughes

Thomas W. France

Venable, Baetjer and Howard, LLP

8010 Towers Crescent Drive, Suite 300

Vienna, Virginia 22182

(703) 760-1600

Paul "Chip" Lion, III

Stephanie J. Millet

Morrison & Foerster LLP

755 Page Mill Road

Palo Alto, California 94304

(650) 813-5600

Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale of the securities to the public:
 Upon consummation of the transaction described herein. 

        If
the securities being registered on this form are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with General Instruction G, check the
following box. 
o

        If
this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. 
o

        If
this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. 
o

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE  

Title Of Each Class Of

Securities To Be Registered

Amount To

Be Registered (1)

Proposed Maximum

Offering Price

per Share (2)

Proposed Maximum

Aggregate

Offering Price (1)(3)

Amount Of

Registration

Fee (1) (3)

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

1,754,734



$42,990,990

$3,955

(1)
This
registration statement covers the number of shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of SafeNet, Inc. that may be issued in exchange for shares of common stock
of Cylink Corporation, based upon the maximum number of shares of common stock of SafeNet, Inc. that may be issued pursuant to the merger, calculated as the product of (a) the aggregate
number of shares of Cylink Corporation's common stock, $0.01 par value per share, outstanding on November 25, 2002, or, issuable prior to the date the merger is expected to be consummated
(i) pursuant to options to purchase Cylink Corporation common stock, (ii) upon the cash exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase Cylink Corporation common stock, and
(iii) upon the scheduled purchases pursuant to the employee stock purchase plan of Cylink Corporation, and (b) the exchange ratio of 0.05 of a share of SafeNet, Inc. common stock
for each share of common stock of Cylink Corporation. This registration statement also covers additional shares of SafeNet common stock that may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from a stock
split, stock dividend or similar transaction involving the SafeNet or Cylink common stock, under Rule 416 under the Securities Act.

(2)
Omitted
pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act.

(3)
Estimated
solely for the purposes of calculating the registration fee required by the Securities Act and computed pursuant to Rules 457(f)(1) and (c) under the
Securities Act by multiplying the average of the high and low per share prices of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of Cylink Corporation on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market on November 22,
2002 by the maximum number of shares to be cancelled in the merger. 

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall
file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or
until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.

Subject to Completion, dated November 27, 2002  

SAFENET, INC.

8029 Corporate Drive

Baltimore, MD 21236  

    MERGER PROPOSAL    

Dear
Stockholders: 

        We
are pleased to report that the Boards of Directors of SafeNet, Inc., or SafeNet, and Cylink Corporation, or Cylink, have unanimously approved a merger agreement that provides
for the merger of a SafeNet subsidiary into Cylink. As a result of the proposed merger, Cylink will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet. If we complete the proposed merger, shareholders of
Cylink will become stockholders of SafeNet and receive 0.05 of a share of SafeNet common stock in exchange for each of their shares of Cylink common stock (and cash instead of any fractional shares). 

After careful consideration, the SafeNet Board of Directors unanimously approved this merger and concluded the merger to be fair and in the best interests of
SafeNet's stockholders. The SafeNet Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" the proposed merger and the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the
merger.

        The
proposed merger is more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. If the merger were completed on November 25, 2002, Cylink shareholders would own
approximately 17.4% of SafeNet's outstanding common stock immediately after the proposed merger. SafeNet's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol "SFNT." 

        We
are asking SafeNet's stockholders to approve the proposed merger, the merger agreement, the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger and the related
transactions at a special meeting to be held at            , Eastern Time, on            , 200  ,
at            . 
Your vote is very
important.
 We cannot
complete the proposed merger unless holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock present in person or by proxy at the meeting vote to approve the merger, assuming at least a majority of the
shares of our common stock outstanding are present at the meeting in person or by proxy. We appreciate your consideration in this matter. 

        This
proxy statement/prospectus also serves as SafeNet's prospectus under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for the issuance of SafeNet's common stock to Cylink shareholders in the
proposed merger. We encourage you to read this proxy statement/prospectus carefully. 
In particular, you should review the matters discussed under the caption
"
Risk Factors
" beginning on page 22 of this proxy statement/prospectus before completing your proxy card
. 

Sincerely,

Anthony A. Caputo

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

SafeNet, Inc.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the SafeNet securities or passed upon the
adequacy or accuracy of this proxy statement prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

        This
proxy statement/prospectus is dated            , 200  and is first being mailed to stockholders of SafeNet on or
about            , 200  . 

SAFENET, INC.
  NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS    

TIME:

                , Eastern Time

DATE:

                , 200  

PLACE:

PURPOSE:

To consider and vote on the proposed merger of Cylink and Sapphire Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet, the merger agreement, the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger and related
transactions.

        Only
our stockholders of record on                , 200  may vote at the special meeting. Only our stockholders or their proxies and SafeNet guests may attend the
special
meeting. 

By Order of the SafeNet, Inc. Board of Directors

Anthony A. Caputo

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Baltimore,
Maryland

                , 200  

To ensure that your shares are present at the meeting, please complete, date and sign the enclosed proxy and mail it promptly in the postage-paid envelope provided,
regardless of whether you plan to attend the special meeting. You can revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted.

Subject to Completion, dated November 27, 2002  

CYLINK CORPORATION

3131 Jay Street

Santa Clara, CA 95054  

 To the Shareholders of Cylink Corporation

Merger ProposalYour Vote is Very Important  

Dear Cylink Corporation Shareholders: 

        We
are pleased to report that on October 30, 2002 the Boards of Directors of Cylink Corporation, or Cylink, and SafeNet, Inc., or SafeNet, unanimously approved an agreement
to merge a wholly-owned SafeNet subsidiary into Cylink. As a result of the proposed merger, Cylink will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet. If Cylink and SafeNet complete the proposed merger,
you will become a stockholder of SafeNet. 

        In
the merger, each share of Cylink common stock will be exchanged for 0.05 of a share of SafeNet common stock. Accordingly, the value of the shares of SafeNet common stock that the
Cylink shareholders will receive will vary depending upon the market price of SafeNet common stock at the time of the consummation of the merger. SafeNet common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National
Market under the trading symbol "SFNT," and on November 25, 2002, SafeNet common stock closed at $27.50 per share. Based on the number of shares of common stock of Cylink and SafeNet
outstanding on November 25, 2002, the former shareholders of Cylink will own approximately 17.4% of SafeNet's common stock after the merger. 

        SafeNet
and Cylink cannot complete the merger unless Cylink shareholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of Cylink approve the merger agreement and the merger. 

Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to
attend your shareholders' meeting, please complete, sign, date and return the accompanying proxy in the enclosed
self-addressed stamped envelope.
 Returning the proxy does not deprive you of your right to attend the meeting and to vote your shares in person. 

After careful consideration, the Cylink Board of Directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger and concluded the merger to be fair and in
the best interests of the Cylink
shareholders. The Cylink Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" the proposed merger.

        This
proxy statement/prospectus provides you with information concerning SafeNet and the merger. Please give all of the information contained in the proxy statement/prospectus your
careful attention, as an investment in SafeNet common stock involves risk. 
In particular, you should carefully consider the discussion in the section entitled
"
Risk Factors
" beginning on page 22 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

        Cylink
Corporation appreciates your interest in and consideration of this matter. 

Sincerely,

Leo A. Guthart

Chairman of the Board

Cylink Corporation

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the SafeNet securities to be issued in
connection with the merger or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this proxy statement/prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

        This
proxy statement/prospectus is dated                , 200  and is first being mailed to the Cylink shareholders on or
about                , 200  . 

CYLINK CORPORATION
  NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS    

TIME:

                , Pacific Time

DATE:

                , 200  

PLACE:

Morrison & Foerster LLP

755 Page Mill Road

Palo Alto, CA 94304-1018

TO
THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CYLINK CORPORATION: 

        NOTICE
IS HEREBY GIVEN that a Special Meeting of Shareholders of Cylink Corporation, a California corporation, will be held
on                        , 2003, at 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time,
at the offices of Morrison & Foerster LLP, Cylink's outside counsel, located at 755 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304-1018, for the following purposes, as more fully
described in the proxy statement/prospectus accompanying this Notice: 

        1.    To
consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated October 30, 2002, by and among SafeNet, Inc., Sapphire
Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet, Inc., and Cylink Corporation (see 
Annex A
). Under the terms of the proposed merger
agreement, Sapphire Acquisition Corp. will merge with and into Cylink Corporation, and Cylink Corporation will survive the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet. In the merger, holders of
outstanding shares of common stock of Cylink will receive 0.05 of a share of SafeNet common stock for each share of Cylink common stock they hold. Approval of the merger agreement will also constitute
approval of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

        2.    To
transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or adjournments thereof. 

        Only
shareholders of record at the close of business on                , 200  are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. The stock transfer books
will not
be closed between the record date and the date of the meeting. A list of shareholders entitled to vote at the special meeting will be available for inspection at the executive offices of Cylink. 

        All
shareholders are cordially invited to attend the meeting in person. Whether or not you plan to attend, please sign and return the enclosed proxy as promptly as possible in the
envelope enclosed for your convenience. Should you receive more than one proxy because your shares are registered in different names and addresses, each proxy should be signed and returned to assure
that all your shares will be voted. You may revoke your proxy at any time prior to the special meeting. If you attend the special meeting and vote by ballot, your proxy will be revoked automatically
and only your vote at the special meeting will be counted. Pursuant to the California Corporations Code, holders of outstanding shares of common stock of Cylink who do not vote in favor of the
approval of the merger and the merger agreement and who comply with the requirements of Section 1300 et. seq. of the California Corporations Code will have, if the merger is consummated, the
right to seek appraisal of their shares of common stock. For a more complete description of such appraisal or dissenters' rights, see "
The MergerAppraisal
Rights
" beginning on page 85 in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. 

By Order of the Cylink Corporation Board of Directors

Leo A. Guthart

Chairman of the Board

Santa
Clara, California 

                ,

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES YOU OWN. PLEASE READ THE ATTACHED PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS CAREFULLY AND, TO ENSURE THAT YOUR SHARES ARE
PRESENT AT THE SPECIAL MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE AND SIGN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND MAIL IT PROMPTLY IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU PLAN TO ATTEND
THE SPECIAL MEETING. YOU CAN REVOKE YOUR PROXY AT ANY TIME BEFORE IT IS VOTED.

REFERENCES TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION    

        This document incorporates important business and financial information about SafeNet and Cylink from documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
that have not been included in or delivered with this document. This information is available at the Internet website that the Securities and Exchange Commission maintains at http://www.sec.gov, as
well as from other sources. 

        You
may also request copies of these documents that relate to SafeNet from SafeNet, without charge, upon written or oral request to: 

SafeNet, Inc.

Investor Relations

8029 Corporate Drive

Baltimore, Maryland 21236

Attn: Michelle Layne, Investor Relations

(410) 931-7500 

        You
may also request copies of these documents that relate to Cylink from Cylink, without charge, upon written or oral request to: 

Cylink
Corporation

Investor Relations

3131 Jay Street

Santa Clara, California 95054

Attn: R. Christopher Chillingworth

(408) 855-6000 

In order to receive timely delivery of the documents, you must make your request no later than                , 2003.

See
"
Where You Can Find More Information
," on page 131 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

    

Page

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

SAFENET SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA

CYLINK CORPORATION SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA

SUMMARY PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

RISK FACTORS

Risks Related to the Merger

Risks Related to Safenet's Business

Risks Related to Safenet's Common Stock

Risks Related to Cylink's Business and Common Stock

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

General

Matters to be Considered

Recommendations of the Boards of Directors

Record Date and Vote Required

Proxies

Availability of Independent Auditors

THE MERGER

General Description of the Merger and Conversion of Cylink Common Stock

Background of the Transaction

Cylink Board Meetings

Cylink's Reasons for the Merger

Opinion of First Analysis Securities Corporation

SafeNet Board Meetings

SafeNet's Reasons for the Merger

Opinion of Pacific Growth Equities, Inc.

Interests of Cylink's Officers and Directors in the Merger

Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger

Management of Cylink after the Merger

Management of SafeNet after the Merger

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences

Accounting Treatment

Regulatory Approvals

Approval of the Merger

Appraisal Rights

Relationships between SafeNet and Cylink

Restrictions on Resale of SafeNet Common Stock by Affiliates

Anti-Dilution Adjustments

Exchange of Certificates

Fees and Expenses

TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The Merger

Treatment of Cylink Stock Options, Warrants and Cylink Stock Purchase Rights

Representations and Warranties

Conduct of Cylink's Business before Completion of the Merger

i

Reasonable Efforts to Complete the Merger

Limitation on Cylink's Ability to Consider Other Acquisition Proposals

Employee Benefits

Indemnification

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Termination Fee; Expenses

Amendments to the Merger Agreement; Waiver

Restrictions on the Ability of Affiliates of Cylink to Sell SafeNet Stock

Operations After the Merger

THE VOTING AGREEMENTS

Cylink Principal Shareholders Voting Agreement

Anthony A. Caputo Voting Agreement

INFORMATION RELATING TO CYLINK

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF SAFENET STOCKHOLDERS AND

CYLINK SHAREHOLDERS

Authorized Shares of Capital Stock

Voting Rights

Preemptive Rights

Business Combinations; Supermajority Voting Requirements

Appraisal Rights

Special Meetings of Stockholders

Stockholder Action Without a Meeting

Stockholder Proposal Procedures

Advance Notice and Record Date

Inspection of Books and Records

Classified Board of Directors

Removal of Directors

Vacancies on the Board of Directors

Fiduciary Duties

Indemnification

Limitation of Personal Liability of Directors

Derivative Actions

Interested Director Transactions

Amendment of Governing Documents

Dividends

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR STOCKHOLDERS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

ANNEX A: AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

A-1

ANNEX B-1: VOTING AGREEMENTCYLINK PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS

B-1-1

ANNEX B-2: VOTING AGREEMENTANTHONY A. CAPUTO

B-2-1

ANNEX C: OPINION OF FIRST ANALYSIS SECURITIES CORPORATION

C-1

ANNEX D: OPINION OF PACIFIC GROWTH EQUITIES, INC.

D-1

ANNEX E: CHAPTER 13 OF THE CALIFORNIA CORPORATIONS CODE

E-1

EXHIBIT INDEX

ii

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER    

Q:

Who is SafeNet?

A:

SafeNet, Inc., or SafeNet, delivers a widely deployed Virtual Private Network, or VPN, technology for secure business communications over the Internet, offering both Original Equipment Manufacturer, or OEM, technology and end-user products for
VPN and e-commerce applications. A VPN is a communications system that uses strong encryption and authentication to create private "tunnels" through the Internet or other shared networks, allowing businesses to take advantage of the lowest cost
network without exposing their business communications. Since its inception in 1983, SafeNet has been providing network security solutions worldwide for financial, enterprise, telecommunications, and government use. Through customer engagements with
organizations like the U.S. Department of State, Internal Revenue Service, U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve Bank, and Citibank, SafeNet has gained over 18 years of direct experience developing, deploying, and managing network security systems for
Fortune 500 companies and government organizations around the world. SafeNet is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "SFNT."

Q:

Who is Cylink?

A:

Cylink Corporation, or Cylink, develops, manufactures, markets and supports a comprehensive portfolio of hardware and software security products for mission-critical private networks and business communications over the Internet. Cylink's solutions
enable its customers to merge their operations and transactions onto existing networks, maximize network use, reduce the costs of operations and expand their businesses. Cylink's customers include leading Fortune 500 companies, multinational
corporations, financial institutions and numerous agencies within the United States Government. Cylink is traded on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market under the symbol "CYLK."

Q:

What are SafeNet and Cylink proposing?

A:

SafeNet and Cylink have entered into a merger agreement pursuant to which SafeNet is offering to exchange shares of SafeNet common stock for all of the outstanding shares of Cylink common stock. Upon completion of the merger, Sapphire Acquisition
Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet, will merge with and into Cylink. If the merger is completed, Cylink will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet.

Q:

Why are SafeNet and Cylink proposing the merger?

A:

The Boards of Directors of SafeNet and Cylink believe the combined strengths of the two companies will enable them to compete more effectively than either can compete alone and believe that the merger will allow the combined company to grow its base
of government and commercial customers, enhance its product line, expand its international sales and provide broader technology and expertise to its customers. For a complete description of the background of the merger and Cylink's and SafeNet's
reasons for the proposing the merger, please see "
The MergerCylink's Reasons for the Merger
" beginning on page 59 of this proxy statement/prospectus and "
The
MergerSafeNet's Reasons for the Merger
" beginning on page 70 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:

What will Cylink shareholders receive in exchange for their shares of Cylink common stock?

A:

In exchange for each share of Cylink common stock, Cylink shareholders will receive 0.05 of a share of SafeNet common stock. Accordingly, the value of the shares that the Cylink shareholders will receive will vary depending upon the market price of
SafeNet common stock at the time of the consummation of the merger. SafeNet will not issue fractional shares of common stock in connection with the merger. Cylink shareholders instead will receive cash for any fractional shares otherwise issuable to
them in an amount, without interest, equal to the product of (1) such fraction, multiplied by (2) the closing price per share of SafeNet's common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market on the trading day immediately preceding the
date of the closing of the merger, less any amounts required to be withheld under foreign, federal, state or local tax laws. For a complete description of the consideration Cylink shareholders will receive in the merger, please see "
The MergerGeneral Description of the Merger and Conversion of Cylink Common Stock,
" on page 53 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:

How long will it take to complete the merger?

A:

SafeNet and Cylink are working to complete the merger as quickly as possible. The merger will be consummated after approval of the Cylink shareholders and the SafeNet stockholders is received, and after other conditions to the merger, including
receipt of legal opinions, are satisfied or waived. As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, Cylink has satisfied certain of these closing conditions. For a complete description of the conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to
the consummation of the merger, please see "
Terms of the Merger AgreementConditions to Completion of the Merger
" beginning on page 100 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:

Do SafeNet or Cylink have the right to terminate the merger agreement based upon their stock prices?

A:

No. The exchange ratio is fixed at 0.05 and neither SafeNet nor Cylink has the right to "walk-away" from the transaction based on the fact that its or the other party's stock price increases or decreases.

Q:

How will the merger affect Cylink stock options and warrants?

A:

SafeNet will assume certain options and warrants to purchase shares of Cylink common stock. The number of shares covered by these options and warrants, and their applicable exercise prices, will be adjusted using the merger exchange ratio of 0.05 of
a share of SafeNet common stock for each share of Cylink common stock that was subject to the applicable option or warrant prior to the merger (subject to adjustment to reflect the effect of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
reclassification or the like on Cylink or SafeNet common stock). For a complete description of SafeNet's assumption of options and warrants in the merger, please see "
Terms of the Merger AgreementTreatment of Cylink Stock
Options, Warrants and Cylink Stock Purchase Rights,
" beginning on page 92 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:

Will Cylink shareholders be able to trade the SafeNet stock they receive in the merger?

A:

Yes. The SafeNet common stock will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "SFNT." Certain persons who are deemed affiliates of Cylink will be required to comply with Rule 145 under the Securities Act if they sell their shares
of SafeNet common stock received in the merger.

Q:

Will Cylink shareholders be taxed on the SafeNet shares they receive?

A:

SafeNet and Cylink intend for the merger to qualify as a tax-free reorganization. For a description of the material federal income tax consequences of the merger, please see "
The MergerMaterial Federal Income Tax
Consequences,
" beginning on page 82 of this proxy statement/prospectus. You are urged to read the information regarding material federal income tax consequences contained in this proxy statement/prospectus carefully, and to
consult with your tax advisor regarding the consequences of the merger to you.

Q:

Are Cylink shareholders entitled to dissenters' rights?

A:

Under California law, Cylink shareholders are entitled to dissenters' rights or rights of appraisal. For a description of these rights, please see "
The MergerAppraisal Rights,
" beginning on page 85
of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:

Who must approve the merger?

A:.

In addition to the Boards of Directors of Cylink and SafeNet which have already approved the merger, the shareholders of Cylink must approve the merger agreement and the merger, and the stockholders of SafeNet must approve the issuance of the shares
of SafeNet common stock to the Cylink shareholders pursuant to the merger, and are also being asked to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger. The Cylink special meeting of shareholders to approve the merger will take place
on            , 2003. The SafeNet special meeting of stockholders to approve the issuance of shares of common stock to the Cylink shareholders pursuant to the merger will take place
on            , 2003.

Q:

Are there risks I should consider in deciding whether to vote for the merger?

A:

Yes. SafeNet and Cylink have set out in the section entitled "
Risk Factors
" beginning on page 22 of this proxy statement/prospectus a number of risk factors that you should consider in connection with
the merger.

Q:

How will Cylink fit into SafeNet after the merger?

A:

Following the merger, Cylink will operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet. The employees of Cylink who are retained by SafeNet will become employees of the surviving corporation or of SafeNet after the completion of the merger.

Q:

What do I need to do now?

A:

You should carefully read and consider the information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus. You should then complete and sign your proxy card and return it in the enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares will be
represented at the special meeting.

Q:

How do I vote on the merger?

A:

Following your review of this proxy statement/prospectus, complete and sign the enclosed proxy card, and then mail it in the enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares can be voted at the special meeting of Cylink shareholders
or the special meeting of SafeNet stockholders at which the merger agreement and the merger will be presented and voted upon. You may also attend the special meeting and vote in person instead of submitting a proxy.

Q:

What happens if I return my proxy card but don't indicate how to vote?

A:

If you sign your proxy properly, but do not include instructions on how to vote, your shares will be voted "FOR" approval of the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of SafeNet common stock and the related merger transactions.

Q:

What happens if I don't return a proxy card at all?

A:

If you are a Cylink shareholder, not returning your proxy card will have the same effect as voting against approval of the merger agreement, the merger and the related transactions. If you are a SafeNet stockholder and do not return your proxy card
or attend the SafeNet special meeting in person, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining a quorum and if a quorum is achieved, your shares will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.

Q:

Can I change my vote after I mail my signed proxy?

A:

Yes. You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at the special meeting. You can change your vote in one of three ways. First, you can send a written notice to SafeNet or Cylink, as applicable, stating that you would like to
revoke your proxy. Second, you can complete and submit a new proxy card reflecting a later date. If you choose to change your vote by either of these two methods, you must submit your notice of revocation or your new proxy to the applicable address
on pages 49 and 51, respectively, of this proxy statement/prospectus before the vote at the special meeting. Third, you can attend the special meeting and vote in person.

Q:

If my broker holds my shares in street name, will my broker vote my shares for me?

A:

No. Your broker will not be able to vote your shares without instructions from you. If you have instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must follow directions received from your broker to change those instructions.

Q:

Should I send in my stock certificates now?

A:

No, do not send in your stock certificates now.
 After the consummation of the merger, SafeNet will send Cylink shareholders written instructions on how to exchange their Cylink stock
certificates for new SafeNet certificates.

Q:

Where can I find more information about SafeNet and Cylink?

A:

You can find more information about SafeNet and Cylink in the section entitled "
Where You Can Find More Information
," beginning on page 131 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:

Who can help answer questions about the transaction?

A:

If you are a Cylink shareholder with questions about the merger or voting your shares, please contact:

Cylink
Corporation

Investor Relations

3131 Jay Street

Santa Clara, California 95054

Attn: R. Christopher Chillingworth

(408) 855-6000 

If
you are a SafeNet stockholder with questions about the merger or voting your shares, please contact: 

SafeNet, Inc.

Investor Relations

8029 Corporate Drive

Baltimore, Maryland 21236

Attn: Michelle Layne, Investor Relations

(410) 931-7500 

SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS    

This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. You should carefully read this entire document and the other documents to which this document refers or that are incorporated by reference herein in order to fully understand the
merger. The merger agreement is attached as 
Annex A
 to this proxy statement/prospectus. SafeNet and Cylink encourage you to read the merger agreement in
its entirety as it is the legal document that governs the merger and related transactions. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus without charge
by following the instructions in the section titled "Where You Can Find More Information" beginning on page 131 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The Companies  

SafeNet, Inc.

8029 Corporate Drive

Baltimore, Maryland 21236

Telephone: (410) 931-7500

http://www.safenet-inc.com 

        SafeNet
delivers a widely deployed Virtual Private Network, or VPN, technology for secure business communications over the Internet, offering both Original Equipment Manufacturer, or
OEM, technology and end-user products for VPN and e-commerce applications. A VPN is a communications system that uses strong encryption and authentication to create private
"tunnels" through the Internet or other shared networks, allowing businesses to take advantage of the lowest cost network without exposing their business communications. With the increasing use of
public and private communications networks and the ability of different types of computers to communicate with each other, data integrity and security have gained increased importance. Secure VPNs
have three key uses: secure remote access, secure site-to-site connections and secure extranet connections. 

        VPNs
have become one of the most sought after sectors in the networking communications industry. SafeNet believes that the market for security systems and products providing VPN
solutions has grown over the last several years due to an increase in the use of the Internet for business communications and electronic commerce applications such as
work-at-home arrangements or telecommuting, electronic mail, satellite offices connected to a central computer, electronic funds transfer, electronic data interchange with
clients, suppliers and business customers and numerous other arrangements. 

        Since
its inception in 1983, SafeNet has been providing network security solutions worldwide for financial, enterprise, telecommunications, and government use. SafeNet's SecureIP
Technology has enjoyed broad market acceptance through both the end-user and OEM VPN markets. Organizations that depend on robust security for all communications have been
enabled with SafeNet technology for years. Through customer engagements with organizations like the U.S. Department of State, Internal Revenue Service, U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve Bank, and
Citibank, SafeNet has gained over 18 years of direct experience developing, deploying, and managing network security systems for Fortune 500 companies and government organizations around the
world. SafeNet expects to continue to deliver security solutions for existing markets while remaining competitive by creating innovative products and technology for new and emerging markets, such as
broadband and wireless technologies. 

        SafeNet, Inc.
was incorporated in Delaware in 1983. References herein to "SafeNet" refer to SafeNet, Inc. and its subsidiaries. SafeNet's headquarters are located at 8029
Corporate Drive, Baltimore, Maryland 21236, and SafeNet's telephone number (410) 931-7500. Additional information about SafeNet is available on SafeNet's website at

www.safenet-inc.com
. 

Sapphire Acquisition Corp.

c/o SafeNet, Inc.

8029 Corporate Drive

Baltimore, Maryland 21236

Telephone: (410) 931-7500 

        Sapphire
Acquisition Corp. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet and was incorporated on October 17, 2002, in the State of California. Sapphire Acquisition Corp. has not engaged
in any operations and exists solely to facilitate this transaction. Therefore, although Sapphire Acquisition Corp. will be a party to the merger, when we discuss the merger in this proxy
statement/prospectus, we generally refer only to SafeNet. 

Cylink Corporation

3131 Jay Street

Santa Clara, California 95054

Telephone: (408) 855-6000

http://www.cylink.com 

        Cylink
Corporation, or Cylink, develops, manufactures, markets and supports a comprehensive portfolio of hardware and software security products for mission-critical private networks and
business communications over the Internet. Cylink's solutions enable its customers to merge their operations and transactions onto existing networks, maximize network use, reduce the costs of
operations and expand their businesses. Cylink's customers include leading Fortune 500 companies, multinational corporations, financial institutions and numerous agencies within the United States
Government. Cylink is traded on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market under the symbol "CYLK." 

        Cylink's
solutions offer competitive advantages to its customers by lowering the cost of deploying and managing secure, reliable private networks, while enabling its customers' use of
the Internet for trusted transactions with their business partners. Cylink offers "drop-in" hardware encryption products that are easily deployed within its customers' existing
high-speed data networks known as Local Area Networks, LANs, and Wide Area Networks, WANs, including VPNs, that use the Internet. 

        Cylink's
products are centrally managed by its proprietary software management system, PrivaCy Manager. PrivaCy Manager allows Cylink's customers' network security managers to remotely
configure and operate all of Cylink's products without risk of tampering by other network operations personnel. In addition, Cylink's public key-based solutions include the NetHawk, which
creates a secure VPN for transmitting high-value information. Cylink also offers a unified management platform for all of its security appliances to authenticate these devices, configure
their use and centrally manage their operation. Such solutions include Cylink's public key infrastructure, or PKI, for managing the digital identities and privileges of all correspondents on the
customer's network. Cylink's products creates trust in its customers' networks by securing the access, privacy and integrity of its customers' important information when such information is
transmitted over their LANs, WANs, and the Internet. 

        Cylink
Corporation was incorporated in California in 1983 and was the first company to focus exclusively on public key-based security solutions for high value networks.
References herein to "Cylink" refer to Cylink Corporation and its subsidiaries. Cylink's headquarters are located at 3131 Jay Street, Santa Clara, California 95054, and Cylink's telephone number is
(408) 855-6000. Additional information about Cylink is available on Cylink's website at 
www.cylink.com
. 

The Transaction  

 The Merger (See page 53)  

        SafeNet and Cylink are proposing a business combination transaction in which SafeNet intends to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Cylink common stock. In
the merger, each share of Cylink 

common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.05 of a share of SafeNet common stock. The exchange ratio is described in more detail in the section titled "
The
MergerGeneral Description of the Merger and Conversion of Cylink Common Stock
" beginning on page 53 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

        Under
the merger agreement, Sapphire Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet, will merge with and into Cylink. Following the merger, Cylink will operate as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of SafeNet. 

 Market Price and Dividend Information (See page 14)  

        SafeNet common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "SFNT" and Cylink common stock is listed on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market under the
symbol "CYLK." On October 29, 2002, the last full trading day before the public announcement of the merger, the closing sale price per share of SafeNet common stock on the Nasdaq National
Market was $19.02 and the closing sale price per share of Cylink common stock on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market was $0.40. On November 25, 2002, the most recent practicable date prior to the filing
of this proxy statement/prospectus, the closing sale price per share of SafeNet common stock on the Nasdaq National Market was $27.50 and the closing sale price per share of Cylink common stock on the
Nasdaq SmallCap Market was $1.31. 

 Exchange of Stock Certificates (See page 89)  

        After the merger is completed, Cylink shareholders will receive a letter of transmittal that will provide instructions on how to exchange their Cylink stock
certificates for new SafeNet stock certificates. 

 Please do not send your stock certificates at this time.  

 Special Meeting of Cylink Shareholders (See page 45)  

        Under California law, Cylink shareholders must vote to approve the merger agreement and the merger in order for Cylink and SafeNet to consummate the merger. 

        The
special meeting of Cylink shareholders will be held at        , Pacific Time, on                    , 2003, at
the offices of Morrison & Foerster LLP, Cylink's outside
counsel, located at 755 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304-1018. At the special meeting, Cylink shareholders will be asked to vote to approve the merger agreement, the merger and
the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

        Record
holders of Cylink common stock at the close of business on                , 200  , which is the record date for the Cylink special meeting, may vote, or submit
a proxy
to vote, at the Cylink special meeting. Cylink shareholders who return a proxy may revoke it at any time before the vote at the Cylink special meeting by sending a later-dated proxy or a written
notice revoking the proxy to the secretary of Cylink or by attending the meeting and voting in person. 

 Special Meeting of SafeNet Stockholders (See page 45)  

        Under the rules of the Nasdaq National Market, SafeNet stockholders must vote to approve the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger in
order for SafeNet and Cylink to complete the merger. 

        The
special meeting of SafeNet stockholders will be held at        , Eastern Time, on                , 2003,
at                . At the special meeting, SafeNet stockholders will
be asked to vote to adopt and 

approve the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

        Record
holders of SafeNet common stock at the close of business on                , 200  , which is the record date for the SafeNet special meeting, may vote, or
submit a
proxy to vote, at the SafeNet special meeting. SafeNet stockholders who return a proxy may revoke it at any time before the vote at the SafeNet special meeting by sending a later-dated proxy or a
written notice revoking the proxy to the secretary of SafeNet, or by attending the meeting and voting in person. 

 Vote Required (See page 47)  

 Cylink  

        Holders of a majority of the shares of Cylink common stock issued and outstanding on                ,
200  , the record date for the Cylink special
meeting, must vote to approve the merger agreement and the merger. Cylink's shareholders are entitled to cast one vote for each share of Cylink common stock they owned as
of                ,
200  . If a Cylink shareholder does not send in completed proxy card, or attend the special meeting to vote his, her or its shares of Cylink common stock in person, the effect will be the
same as a vote against the merger. 

        As
of                , 200  , the record date for the Cylink shareholder special meeting, Directors, executive officers and certain affiliates of Cylink and
Cylink's
Directors, each of whom has executed a voting agreement agreeing to approve the merger and the merger agreement, beneficially held approximately                shares of
Cylink common stock (in
addition to approximately            shares of Cylink common stock underlying options exercisable by such Directors, executive officers and affiliates within 60 days
of                ,
200  ), representing approximately            % of all outstanding shares of Cylink common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting as of the record date. Except for
Mr. Crowell, Chief Executive Officer of Cylink, such Directors, executive officers and affiliates are not expected to exercise any of their options prior to the effective date of the merger.
For more information about the terms of this voting agreement, please see the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled "
The Voting Agreements
"
beginning on page 107. For more information about Mr. Crowell's anticipated exercise of Cylink options, please see the 
"The MergerInterests of Cylink's
Officers and Directors in the Merger"
 beginning on page 78 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

 SafeNet  

        Holders of a majority of the shares of SafeNet common stock present in person or by proxy at the SafeNet stockholder special meeting must vote to approve the
issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger. In order for there to be a quorum at the SafeNet special meeting,
holders of a majority of the shares of SafeNet common stock outstanding on                , 200  , the record date for the SafeNet stockholder special meeting,
must be present in person or
by proxy. If a SafeNet stockholder does not send in completed proxy card, or attend the special meeting to vote his, her or its shares of SafeNet common stock in person, his, her or its shares will
not be counted for purposes of determining a quorum and if a quorum is achieved, such shares will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. 

        As
of                , 200  , the record date for the SafeNet stockholder special meeting, Directors, executive officers and certain affiliates of SafeNet
beneficially held
approximately                shares of SafeNet common stock (in addition to approximately            shares of
SafeNet common stock underlying options exercisable by such Directors, executive
officers and affiliates within 60 days of                , 200  ), representing approximately    % of all outstanding shares of SafeNet
common stock entitled to vote at
the special meeting as of the record date. Anthony A. Caputo, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of SafeNet, has signed an agreement to vote his shares in favor of the merger
and the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock. As of                , 200  , the 

record date for the SafeNet stockholder special meeting, Mr. Caputo beneficially held approximately            shares of SafeNet common stock (in addition to
approximately            
shares of SafeNet common stock underlying options exercisable by Mr. Caputo within 60 days of                , 200  ), representing
approximately    % of all
outstanding shares of SafeNet common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting as of the record date. Mr. Caputo is not expected to exercise any of his options prior to the effective date
of the merger. For more information about the terms of Mr. Caputo's voting agreement, please see the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled "
The Voting
Agreements
" beginning on page 107. 

 Cylink's Reasons for the Merger (See page 59)  

        Cylink's Board of Directors believes that the merger could result in a number of benefits to Cylink and its shareholders. Cylink's reasons for entering into the
merger and a number of factors considered by Cylink's Board in determining whether to enter into the transaction are described below. 


The
value of the consideration that Cylink shareholders will receive for their Cylink common stock represents a premium over recent and historical prices of
Cylink common stock, and SafeNet common stock, which has a much larger market capitalization than Cylink common stock, provides greater liquidity for Cylink's shareholders and could prove to be less
volatile.


The
Cylink Board of Directors believes that the combination of Cylink and SafeNet will result in strategic advantages to the combined company, stemming in
part from complementary expertise, that may result in greater growth of the combined company than the two companies might achieve operating independently.


Based
on Cylink's experience, the Cylink Board of Directors believes that the merger with SafeNet represents the transaction most favorable to the Cylink
shareholders that has been or is likely to be presented to Cylink after sustained efforts by Cylink's management to invite similar transactions.


The
ability of SafeNet's management to recover quickly from the current market decline on capital spending in the information technology markets and to grow
the revenue of SafeNet during such decline from the addition of both new customers and the introduction of new products, and SafeNet's ability to integrate Cylink's VPN and management technology into
SafeNet's products and solutions.


The
Cylink Board of Directors believes that the merger is the best and most viable alternative for Cylink to continue its operations. 

 Recommendation to Cylink Shareholders (See page 46)  

        After careful consideration, Cylink's Board of Directors unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger, determined that the merger is in the best
interests of Cylink and its shareholders, and unanimously determined to recommend that Cylink shareholders vote to approve the merger agreement and the merger as required under California law. 

THE CYLINK BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE HOLDERS OF CYLINK STOCK APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER.

 Opinion of Cylink's Financial Advisor (See page 62)  

        On October 30, 2002, First Analysis Securities Corporation, or First Analysis, delivered to the Board of Directors of Cylink its oral opinion, which was
subsequently confirmed by delivery of its written opinion dated October 29, 2002, that, as of October 29, 2002 and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and other
considerations set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio in the 

merger is fair from a financial point of view to the holders of Cylink common stock, other than SafeNet and its affiliates. The full text of the written opinion of First Analysis, which sets forth
the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limits on review undertaken, has been attached as 
Annex C
 to this proxy
statement/prospectus. You are encouraged to read this opinion carefully in its entirety. The opinion of First Analysis is addressed to the Cylink Board of Directors and relates only to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to the holders of
Cylink common stock, other than SafeNet and its affiliates. The opinion does not address any other aspects of the proposed merger and does not constitute an opinion or recommendation to Cylink, its
Board of Directors, any shareholder or any other person as to any specific action which should be taken with respect to the merger, including with respect to how any Cylink shareholder should vote at
the special meeting. 

 SafeNet's Reasons for the Merger (See page 70)  

        SafeNet's Board of Directors believes that the merger will allow the combined company to grow its base of government and commercial customers, enhance its product
line, expand its international sales and provide broader technology and expertise to its customers. The factors the SafeNet Board considered include the following: 


The
merger is expected to enhance the combined company's revenues from government and financial institution customers;


The
merger is expected to expand the combined company's international customer base;


The
merger is expected to enable the combined company to leverage a broader product base in order to more effectively target and pursue opportunities
resulting from increased government spending on information technology security;


The
combined company is expected to achieve significant operating efficiencies going forward;


The
merger is expected to allow the combined company to offer new and existing customers a single-source vendor for a broad range of VPN and WAN security
solutions; and


The
merger is expected to enable the combined company to more effectively innovate and rapidly bring products to market, as well as respond to changes in
technology and the needs of customers. 

 Recommendation to SafeNet Stockholders (See page 46)  

        After careful consideration, SafeNet's Board of Directors has unanimously approved and adopted the merger agreement, determined that the merger is in the best
interests of SafeNet and its stockholders, and unanimously determined to recommend that SafeNet stockholders vote to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger, including the issuance of
shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger, as required under the rules of the Nasdaq National Market. 

THE SAFENET BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE HOLDERS OF SAFENET STOCK APPROVE AND ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND APPROVE THE MERGER AND THE ISSUANCE OF
SAFENET COMMON STOCK PURSUANT TO THE MERGER.

 Opinion of SafeNet's Financial Advisor (See page 72)  

        On October 18, 2002, Pacific Growth Equities, Inc., or Pacific Growth Equities, delivered to the Board of Directors of SafeNet its oral opinion,
which was subsequently confirmed by delivery of its written opinion dated October 29, 2002, that, as of October 29, 2002 and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and
other considerations set forth in the opinion, the merger is fair from a financial point of view to the holders of SafeNet common stock. The full text of the written opinion of 

Pacific Growth Equities, which sets forth the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limits on review undertaken, has been attached as 
Annex
D
 to this proxy statement/prospectus. You are encouraged to read this opinion carefully in its entirety. The opinion of Pacific Growth Equities is addressed to the SafeNet
Board of Directors and relates only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger to the holders of SafeNet common stock. The opinion does not address any other aspects of the
proposed merger and does not constitute an opinion or recommendation to SafeNet, its Board of Directors, any stockholder or any other person as to any specific action which should be taken with
respect to the merger, including with respect to how any SafeNet stockholder should vote at the special meeting. 

 Interests of Cylink's Officers and Directors in the Merger (See page 78)  

        When considering the recommendation of Cylink's Board of Directors, you should be aware that some Cylink Directors and executive officers have interests in the
merger that are different from, or are in addition to, your interests. Some of the Directors and officers of Cylink participate or will participate in employment and severance agreements and other
arrangements and have continuing indemnification
against liabilities. The members of the Cylink Board of Directors knew about these additional interests, and considered them, when they approved the merger and the merger agreement. 

        As
a result of these interests, these Directors and officers may be more likely to vote to approve the merger agreement and the merger than if they did not hold these interests. You
should consider whether these interests may have influenced these Directors and officers to support or recommend the merger. 

 Treatment of Cylink Stock Options and Warrants by SafeNet (See page 92)  

        Upon the consummation of the merger, SafeNet will assume (1) warrants to purchase shares of Cylink common stock, (2) all options to purchase shares
of Cylink common stock outstanding under all stock option plans of Cylink and held by individuals who are employees (including officers) of Cylink at any time within 30 days of the date of the
consummation of the merger which are then vested and would have, if then exchanged in the merger, an exercise price equal to or less than the greater of (a) the average of the closing sales
prices of SafeNet's common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the fifth business day prior to the date of Cylink's special shareholders' meeting or (b) $12.50, and (3) all
outstanding options to purchase shares of Cylink common stock issued under the Cylink/ARL 1997 Stock Option Plan. These assumed options and warrants will be converted into an option (or warrant, as
the case may be) to purchase shares of SafeNet common stock. The number of shares covered by these options and warrants, and their applicable exercise prices, will be adjusted using the merger
exchange ratio of 0.05 of a share of SafeNet common stock for each share of Cylink common stock that was subject to the applicable option or warrant prior to the merger (subject to adjustment to
reflect the effect of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reclassification or the like on Cylink or SafeNet common stock). All other remaining options to purchase Cylink common stock
shall terminate as of the consummation of the merger and shall not be assumed by SafeNet. 

 Limitation on Cylink's Ability to Consider Other Acquisition Proposals (See page 97)

        Cylink
has agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to solicit, initiate, encourage or discuss any proposal for a business combination or other similar transaction involving the
acquisition or purchase of securities or businesses or assets of Cylink or any of its subsidiaries prior to completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement. 

 Conditions to Completion of the Merger (See page 100)  

        SafeNet and Cylink will complete the merger when all of the conditions to completion of the merger are satisfied or waived, including approval of the merger
agreement and the merger by the shareholders of Cylink and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the issuance of SafeNet common stock thereunder by the SafeNet stockholders. As of the date
of this proxy statement/prospectus, Cylink has satisfied certain of these closing conditions. SafeNet and Cylink are working towards completing the merger as quickly as reasonably possible. 

 Termination of the Merger Agreement (See page 102)  

        SafeNet and Cylink can terminate the merger agreement under certain circumstances, including if the merger is not consummated by March 29, 2003. 

 Termination Fee (See page 105)  

        The merger agreement requires Cylink to pay SafeNet a termination fee equal to 5% of the total value of the merger consideration if the merger agreement is
terminated under certain circumstances. Based on the number of shares of Cylink common stock outstanding on November 25, 2002, the termination fee would be $1,572,260. 

 Material Federal Income Tax Consequences (See page 82)  

        The merger is structured so that, in general, Cylink's shareholders will not recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes upon the merger,
except for taxes payable because of cash received by Cylink shareholders instead of fractional shares. In connection with the filing of the registration statement on Form S-4, of
which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, SafeNet and Cylink have received legal opinions of their respective counsel stating that the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Those legal opinions are filed as exhibits to the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part. In addition, it is a condition to the closing of the merger that SafeNet and Cylink receive updated legal opinions stating that the merger will qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. This condition may be waived in writing by either of the parties. In the event that either of these tax
opinions is withdrawn or otherwise not delivered at the closing of the merger, or if the condition is waived, the approval of the Cylink shareholders will be resolicited should the federal income tax
consequences to them be determined to be materially
different from those described herein. The legal opinions described above are based upon certain representations, assumptions and limitations, and are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or
any court. 

Tax matters can be complicated, and the tax consequences of the merger to you will depend on the facts of your own situation. You should consult your own tax
advisor to fully understand the tax consequences of the merger to you.

 Regulatory Approvals (See page 85)  

        Other than the Securities and Exchange Commission declaring SafeNet's registration statement on Form S-4 relating to this merger effective and
the filing of an agreement of merger under California law with respect to the merger, SafeNet does not believe that any additional material governmental filings are required with respect to the merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

 Accounting Treatment (See page 84)  

        SafeNet will account for the merger using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. 

 Appraisal Rights (See page 85)  

        Under California law, Cylink shareholders may be entitled to exercise appraisal or dissenters' rights in connection with the merger in the manner provided for in
the California Corporations Code. To exercise dissenters' rights, a Cylink shareholder must not vote in favor of the merger agreement and the merger and must demand in writing that Cylink purchase
his, her or its shares at their fair market value. 

        It
is a condition to SafeNet's obligation to complete the merger that holders of less than 10% of Cylink's shares outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger shall
have demanded and not lost or withdrawn, or shall be eligible to demand, dissenters' or appraisal rights. 

 Restrictions on the Ability to Sell SafeNet Stock (See page 88).  

        Under the merger agreement and related affiliates agreements, SafeNet will be entitled to place appropriate legends on the certificates evidencing any SafeNet
common stock to be received by affiliates of Cylink in the merger relating to the resale restrictions imposed by Rule 145 under the Securities Act. 

        All
shares of SafeNet common stock received by a Cylink shareholder in connection with the merger will be freely transferable unless the shareholder is considered an affiliate of either
SafeNet or Cylink under the federal securities laws. 

 Expenses (See page 89).  

        Except for the termination fees and expense reimbursements payable by SafeNet and Cylink in certain circumstances, each company has agreed to pay all expenses it
incurs in connection with the merger, whether or not the merger is completed. 

 Differences in the Rights of Holders of Cylink and SafeNet Common Stock (See page 119)

        Holders
of Cylink common stock will receive SafeNet common stock and become a stockholder of SafeNet after the merger. Their rights as a SafeNet stockholder will be governed by Delaware
law and by SafeNet's certificate of incorporation and bylaws, rather than by California law, Cylink's articles of incorporation and bylaws. 

 Where You Can Find More Information (See page 131)  

        If you would like more information about SafeNet or Cylink, you can find this information in documents filed by SafeNet and Cylink with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION    

        SafeNet common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "SFNT." Cylink common stock was listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "CYLK" until October 8, 2002. Effective October 9, 2002, Cylink common stock became listed on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market under the symbol "CYLK." The following table shows, for
the periods indicated, the highest and lowest closing sale prices for shares of SafeNet common stock on the Nasdaq National Market and the highest and lowest closing sale prices for shares of Cylink
common stock on the Nasdaq National Market and Nasdaq SmallCap Market for the quarters indicated. Neither SafeNet nor Cylink has paid any cash dividends during the periods presented. According to
SafeNet, there were, as of November 25, 2002, approximately 7,873,173 shares of SafeNet common stock outstanding, held by approximately 109 stockholders of record. According to Cylink, there
were, as of November 25, 2002, approximately 33,065,399 shares of Cylink common stock outstanding, held by approximately 391 shareholders of record. 

        Neither
SafeNet nor Cylink has ever paid any cash dividends on its stock, and both anticipate that they will continue to retain any earnings for the foreseeable future for use in the
expansion and operation of their respective businesses. If the merger is completed, the combined company intends to retain its earnings, if any, for the foreseeable future and, therefore, does not
anticipate declaring dividends. 

SAFENET

COMMON STOCK

CYLINK

COMMON STOCK

Low

High

Low

High

CALENDAR YEAR 2000

First Quarter

$

19.81

$

44.56

$

10.88

$

22.75

Second Quarter

14.13

36.25

8.81

19.94

Third Quarter

24.75

39.50

8.75

19.38

Fourth Quarter

22.31

53.50

1.56

11.44

CALENDAR YEAR 2001

First Quarter

10.75

64.69

1.62

4.69

Second Quarter

7.10

17.55

0.54

2.00

Third Quarter

5.81

10.10

0.37

1.76

Fourth Quarter

5.81

19.71

0.75

3.75

CALENDAR YEAR 2002

First Quarter

9.70

19.41

1.25

2.88

Second Quarter

10.80

16.16

0.47

1.63

Third Quarter

14.05

21.48

0.38

1.22

Comparative Market Price Information  

        The following table presents: 


The
closing sale price of SafeNet's common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market;


The
closing sale price of Cylink's common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market; and


The
market value based on the closing sale price on the dates specified below of the shares of SafeNet common stock to be received in exchange for one share
of Cylink common stock in the merger; 

in
each case as if the merger consideration had been determined on October 29, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement of the merger, and on November 25, 2002,
the last day 

for which such information could be practicably calculated prior to the date of this proxy statement/prospectus. The actual value of the SafeNet common shares a Cylink shareholder will receive in the
merger may be higher or lower than the equivalent prices shown in the table. 

Date

Closing Price of

SafeNet Common Stock

Closing Price of

Cylink Common Stock

Equivalent Price

Per Share of

Cylink Common Stock

October 29, 2002

$

19.02

$

0.40

$

0.95

November 25, 2002

27.50

1.31

1.38

SAFENET SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA
  (in thousands, except per share data)    

        The selected historical consolidated balance sheet data of SafeNet at December 31, 2001, 2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997 and the selected historical consolidated
statement of operations data of SafeNet for the years then ended have been derived from SafeNet's audited consolidated financial statements previously filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement/prospectus. SafeNet's selected unaudited interim financial data included in this proxy statement/prospectus was derived from its books and records and, in the opinion of
management, contain all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of its financial position and results of operations at and for such periods.
The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the full year. 

        When
you read this selected financial data it is important that you read along with it the historical financial statements and related notes included incorporated by reference in this
proxy statement/prospectus, as well as SafeNet's "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" found in its Annual Reports on Forms 10-K,
Current Reports on Forms 8-K and Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. 

Nine Months Ended

September 30,

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

2002(1)

(unaudited)

Revenues

$

16,462

$

25,278

$

10,565

$

11,624

$

10,533

$

22,409

$

12,377

Cost of revenues

4,525

5,834

4,352

5,527

4,428

6,594

3,807

Gross profit

11,937

19,444

6,213

6,097

6,105

15,815

8,570

Research and development expenses

6,119

6,342

4,580

3,446

2,653

6,546

4,483

Sales and marketing expenses

5,060

4,755

5,251

5,889

5,527

5,198

4,122

General and administrative expenses

2,203

2,681

2,227

2,292

2,086

2,634

1,610

Reserve for (recovery of) Cyberguard advance



(275

)

(375

)







Write-off of acquired in-process research and development costs











3,375



Amortization of acquired intangible assets











1,102



Total operating expenses

13,382

13,503

11,683

12,399

10,266

18,855

10,215

Operating income (loss)

(1,445

)

5,941

(5,470

)

(6,302

)

(4,161

)

(3,040

)

(1,645

)

Interest and other income, net

1,336

1,320

1,047

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

(109

)

7,261

(5,375

)

(6,070

)

(3,683

)

(2,619

)

(598

)

Income taxes















Income (loss) from continuing operations(2)

$

(109

)

$

7,261

$

(5,375

)

$

(6,070

)

$

(3,683

)

$

(2,619

)

$

(598

)

Income (loss) from continuing operations per common share:

Basic

$

(0.01

)

$

1.08

$

(0.98

)

$

(1.12

)

$

(0.67

)

$

(0.34

)

$

(0.08

)

Diluted

$

(0.01

)

$

1.01

$

(0.98

)

$

(1.12

)

$

(0.67

)

$

(0.34

)

$

(0.08

)

Shares used in computation:

Basic

7,057

6,751

5,504

5,409

5,462

7,701

7,046

Diluted

7,057

7,194

5,504

5,409

5,462

7,701

7,046

At December 31,

As of

September 30, 2002

(unaudited)

Balance Sheet Data:

Working Capital

$

32,385

$

33,695

$

23,035

$

11,081

$

12,499

$

27,992

Intangible Assets

1,516

2,107

1,527

1,407

12,920

Total assets

39,878

43,106

31,896

18,940

21,531

49,432

Stockholders equity

35,459

37,723

27,636

15,400

17,980

43,411

(1)
On
January 2, 2002, SafeNet acquired Pijnenburg Securealink, Inc. (Securealink) in a business combination accounted for as a purchase.

(2)
On
February 11, 2002, SafeNet management made the decision to discontinue operations at GretaCoder Data Systems (GDS). Accordingly, beginning January 1, 2002, results of
this operation have been classified as discontinued, and prior periods have been restated. Therefore, the operations of this entity, and the related loss on the disposal, are not presented in this
table. 

CYLINK CORPORATION SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA
  (in thousands, except per share data)    

        The selected historical consolidated balance sheet data of Cylink at December 31, 2001, 2000, 1999, 1998 and 1997 and the selected historical consolidated
statement of operations data of Cylink for the years then ended have been derived from Cylink's audited consolidated financial statements previously filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement/prospectus. Cylink's selected unaudited interim financial data included in this proxy statement/prospectus was derived from its books and records and, in the opinion of
management, contain all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of its financial position and results of operations at and for such periods.
The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the full year. 

        When
you read this selected financial data it is important that you read along with it the historical financial statements and related notes included incorporated by reference in this
proxy statement/prospectus as well as Cylink's "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" found in its Annual Reports on Forms 10-K and
Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. 

Year Ended December 31,

Nine Months Ended

2000(6)

Sept. 29,

Sept. 30,

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

(unaudited)

Revenues

$

48,566

$

68,107

$

59,655

$

42,760

$

47,690

$

21,572

$

36,528

Cost of revenue

18,637

27,241

19,159

16,898

13,986

7,552

15,203

Gross profit

29,929

40,866

40,496

25,862

33,704

14,020

21,325

Operating expenses:

Research and development, net

16,961

21,994

16,176

15,809

12,488

8,305

14,851

Selling and marketing

16,288

33,691

26,313

24,111

16,036

8,038

13,895

General and administrative

10,528

13,626

13,998

12,082

8,422

5,149

8,581

Amortization of acquired intangible assets

3,215

3,115

2,799

2,718

1,431

2,447

Loss on divestiture of Algorithmic Research, Ltd.

2,661











2,797

Impairment of goodwill(1)











6,193



Restructuring charges(2)

1,992







2,043



Write-off of acquired in-process research and development(3)



3,681





63,920





Total operating expenses

51,645

76,925

59,289

54,720

101,673

31,159

42,571

Loss from operations

(21,716

)

(36,059

)

(18,793

)

(28,858

)

(67,969

)

(17,139

)

(21,246

)

Other income (expense):

Interest income, net

1,308

1,858

2,281

2,697

Royalty and other income (expense), net

(237

)

(317

)

Write-down of investment in unaffiliated company

(316

)









(222

)

(253

)

1,071

2,090

2,347

3,014

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes

(21,169

)

(34,988

)

(16,703

)

(26,511

)

(64,955

)

(16,760

)

(20,486

)

Income tax expense (benefit)

(1,119

)

(9,155

)



(334

)

(1,177

)

Loss from continuing operations(4)

$

(20,050

)

$

(35,388

)

$

(16,877

)

$

(17,356

)

$

(64,995

)

$

(16,426

)

$

(19,309

)

Loss from continuing operations per common

share  basic and diluted

$

(0.62

)

$

(1.15

)

$

(0.58

)

$

(0.60

)

$

(2.43

)

$

(0.50

)

$

(0.60

)

Shares used in computation  basic and diluted

32,534

30,771

29,217

29,009

26,703

32,912

32,437

At December 31,

As of

September 29,

(unaudited)

Balance Sheet data:

Working capital

$

15,739

$

25,138

$

43,243

$

60,587

$

47,985

$

8,151

Intangible assets

16,648

20,707

3,188

5,341

8,017

8,996

Total assets

52,692

78,884

81,289

94,318

76,555

41,586

Capital leases and long-term debt

1,927

1,454

1,149

Shareholders' equity

39,888

59,153

61,979

75,221

66,134

23,577

(1)
During
the quarter ended September 29, 2002, a significant decrease in the market value of Cylink's publicly traded securities reduced the fair value of the company well below
its carrying amount. As a result, Cylink conducted an additional impairment test and determined that all of its recorded goodwill was impaired. The resulting impairment loss of $6.2 million is
included as a component of operating loss.

(2)
Restructuring
charges consist of severance expenses due or paid to former employees and the estimated cost of excess leased facilities and related furniture and equipment, net of
estimated proceeds from planned subleasing of excess office space.

(3)
The
net loss for 1997 included a charge of approximately $63.9 million ($2.39 per share) for purchased in-process technology resulting from the acquisition of Algorithmic
Research Ltd. (ARL). The results of operations of ARL are included in the above consolidated statements of operations information until its divestiture by Cylink in August 2001.

(4)
On
March 28, 1998, Cylink sold its Wireless Communications Group, which has been reported as discontinued operations and, therefore, the above consolidated statements of
operations information excludes discontinued operations for all periods presented.

(5)
Cylink
adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" effective January 1, 2002. SFAS 142 requires that
goodwill is no longer amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if certain indications arise. As a result of the adoption of SFAS 142, $333,000 relating to
acquired workforce was reclassified from identified intangibles to goodwill. Cylink completed its initial goodwill impairment tests on January 1, 2002 and determined that no impairment of
goodwill had occurred as of that date. The following table represents a reconciliation of the reported net loss and loss per share to the amounts adjusted for the assumed exclusion of goodwill
amortization. 

Year Ended December 31,

Nine Months Ended

2000(6)

Sept. 29,

Sept. 30,

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

(unaudited)

Reported net income (loss)

$

(20,050

)

$

(35,388

)

$

(14,573

)

$

5,161

$

(61,745

)

$

(16,426

)

$

(19,309

)

Add back goodwill amortization net of income taxes

1,307



1,019

Adjusted net income (loss)(5)

$

(18,743

)

$

(34,559

)

$

(14,147

)

$

5,587

$

(61,416

)

$

(16,426

)

$

(18,290

)

Adjusted basic and diluted net income (loss) per share(5)

$

(0.58

)

$

(1.12

)

$

(0.48

)

$

0.19

$

(2.30

)

$

(0.50

)

$

(0.56

)

(6)
On
August 30, 2002, Cylink acquired Celotek in a business combination accounted for as a purchase, in which it had written off approximately $3.7 million for
purchased-in-process technology. 

SUMMARY PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA    

        The following unaudited summary pro forma combined financial data have been prepared to give effect to the proposed purchase business combination between SafeNet
and Cylink. The unaudited summary pro forma combined statement of operations data gives effect to the proposed purchase business combination as if it had occurred on January 1, 2001. The
unaudited summary pro forma combined balance sheet data gives effect to the proposed combination as if it had occurred on September 30, 2002. The unaudited summary pro forma combined statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 also includes the impact of the purchase business combination between SafeNet and Securealink. 

        The
following summary unaudited pro forma combined financial data has been derived from, and should be read together with, the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements and
related notes in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled "
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Data
" beginning on page 111.
This information is based on the historical consolidated balance sheets and related historical consolidated statements of operations of SafeNet, Securealink and Cylink, giving effect to the mergers
using the purchase method of accounting for business combinations. The companies may have performed differently had they always been combined. You should not rely on the summary unaudited pro forma
combined financial data as being indicative of the historical results that would have been achieved had the companies always been combined or the future results that the combined company will
experience after the merger. This information is for illustrative purposes only. 

Year Ended December 31, 2001

(in thousands, except per share data)

Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations Data:

Total revenues

$

71,911

Loss from continuing operations

$

(24,945

)

Basic loss per share from continuing operations

$

(2.69

)

Diluted loss per share from continuing operations

$

(2.69

)

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2002

(in thousands, except per share data)

Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations Data:

Total revenues

$

43,981

Loss from continuing operations

$

(14,223

)

Basic loss per share from continuing operations

$

(1.52

)

Diluted loss per share from continuing operations

$

(1.52

)

As of September 30, 2002

(in thousands)

Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet Data:

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments

$

36,005

Total assets

$

105,708

Current liabilities

$

28,692

Total stockholders' equity

$

75,873

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA    

        The following table sets forth selected historical per share information of SafeNet and Cylink and unaudited pro forma combined per share information after giving
effect to the merger between SafeNet and Cylink, under the purchase method of accounting, assuming that 0.05 of a share of SafeNet common stock had been issued in exchange for each outstanding share
of Cylink common stock. The pro forma combined per share information for the year ended December 31, 2001 also gives effect to the merger between SafeNet and Securealink on January 2,
2002. You should read this information in conjunction with the selected historical financial information, included elsewhere in this document, and the historical financial statements of SafeNet and
Cylink and related notes that are incorporated by reference into this document. The historical per share information is derived from SafeNet's unaudited financial statements as of and for the nine
months ended September 30, 2002, Cylink's unaudited financial statements as of and for the nine months ended September 29, 2002, and SafeNet's and Cylink's audited financial statements
as of and for the year ended December 31, 2001. The unaudited SafeNet pro forma combined per share information is derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the section of this proxy
statement/prospectus titled "
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Data
" beginning on page 111. The unaudited pro forma Cylink per share
equivalents are calculated by multiplying the unaudited SafeNet pro forma combined per share amounts by the exchange ratio of 0.05. 

        The
unaudited pro forma combined per share information does not purport to represent what the actual results of operations of SafeNet and Cylink would have been had the companies been
combined or to project SafeNet's and Cylink's results of operations that may be achieved after the merger. 

        Neither
SafeNet nor Cylink has paid any cash dividends during the periods presented. 

Year Ended

December 31, 2001

Nine Months Ended

September 30, 2002

Historical SafeNet Data:

Loss from continuing operations per common share

basic and diluted

$

(0.01

)

$

(0.34

)

Book value per share at end of periodbasic and diluted(1)

$

5.02

$

5.64

Historical Cylink Data:

Loss from continuing operations per common share

basic and diluted

$

(0.62

)

$

(0.50

)

Book value per share at end of periodbasic and diluted(1)

$

1.23

$

0.72

Unaudited SafeNet Pro Forma Combined Data(2):

Loss from continuing operations per common share

basic and diluted

$

(2.69

)

$

(1.52

)

Book value per SafeNet share at end of period

basic and diluted(1)

N/A

$

8.12

Unaudited Pro Forma Cylink Equivalents Data(3):

Loss from continuing operations per common share

basic and diluted

$

(0.13

)

$

(0.08

)

Book value per Cylink share at end of period

basic and diluted(1)

N/A

$

0.41

(1)
The
historical book value per share is computed by dividing stockholders' equity by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The pro forma book
value per share is computed by dividing pro forma stockholders' equity by the pro forma weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.

(2)
The
pro forma combined loss from continuing operations per SafeNet share is computed by combining the loss from continuing operations for SafeNet, Securealink and Cylink and any pro
forma adjustments and dividing the sum by the pro forma weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The pro forma shares are computed based upon the shares issued in the
merger with Securealink and the shares to be issued in the merger with Cylink using an exchange ratio of 0.05.

(3)
Amounts
are calculated by multiplying unaudited SafeNet pro forma combined per share amounts by the exchange ratio in the merger (0.05 of a share of SafeNet common stock for each
share of Cylink common stock). 

RISK FACTORS    

By voting in favor of approving the merger agreement and the merger and related transactions, Cylink shareholders will be choosing to
invest in SafeNet common stock. An investment in SafeNet common stock involves a high degree of risk, which risk may be in addition to or different from the risks of investment in Cylink. You should
consider the following risk factors in deciding whether to approve the merger. In evaluating the merger, you should consider these risk factors in connection with the other information that SafeNet
and Cylink have included or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus.

RISKS RELATED TO THE MERGER  

The shares of SafeNet common stock to be received by Cylink shareholders in the merger may decrease in value.

        Upon
completion of the merger, each Cylink share will be converted into 0.05 of a share of SafeNet common stock. As the exchange ratio is fixed, the number of shares of SafeNet common
stock that Cylink shareholders will receive in the merger will not change, even if the market price of SafeNet common stock changes. There will be no adjustment to the exchange ratio or right to
terminate the merger agreement or the merger based solely on fluctuations in the price of SafeNet common stock. In recent years, and particularly in recent months, the stock market in general has
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of SafeNet common stock. The market price of SafeNet common stock upon and after
completion of the merger could be lower than the market price on the date of the merger agreement or its current market price. You should obtain recent market quotations of SafeNet common stock before
you return your proxy card or cast your vote on the merger at the Cylink special meeting. 

        In
particular, the market price of SafeNet's common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to various factors, including: 


Quarterly
variations in operating results or growth rates;


The
announcement of technological innovations and/or other actions by competitors;


The
introduction of new products;


Changes
in estimates by securities analysts;


Market
conditions in the industry and general economic conditions; and


Patents
and other intellectual property rights issued to competitors of SafeNet. 

Failure to retain key employees could diminish the benefits of the merger.  

        The successful combination of SafeNet and Cylink will depend in part on the retention of key personnel. There can be no assurance that SafeNet will be able to
retain Cylink's key personnel, or that SafeNet will realize the anticipated benefits of the merger in the event SafeNet is successful in retaining Cylink's key personnel. 

If SafeNet and Cylink are not successful in integrating their organizations, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized.

        Achieving
the anticipated benefits of the merger may depend in part on the integration of technology, operations and personnel of SafeNet and Cylink. SafeNet and Cylink cannot assure you 

that the integration will be successful or that the anticipated benefits of the merger will be fully realized. The challenges involved in this integration include the following: 


Satisfying
the needs of the combined company's customers in a timely and efficient manner and maintaining SafeNet's and Cylink's customer relationships;


Persuading
the employees that SafeNet's and Cylink's business cultures are compatible and retaining the combined company's key personnel;


Maintaining
the dedication of SafeNet's management resources to integration activities without distracting attention from the
day-to-day business of the combined company;


Maintaining
SafeNet's management's ability to focus on anticipating, responding to or utilizing changing technologies in the networking communications
industry;


Maintaining
Cylink's key supplier relationships; and


Introduction
by competitors of new, disruptive technologies to the marketplace which reduce Cylink's market share prior to the successful integration of the
two companies. 

In
addition, after the transaction, SafeNet intends to develop new products that combine Cylink's products and intellectual property with SafeNet's products and intellectual property. This may result
in longer product development cycles, which may cause the revenue and operating income of Cylink, and the revenue and operating income of SafeNet's businesses that are collaborating with Cylink, to
fluctuate and fail to meet expectations. To date, SafeNet has not completed its investigation into the challenges (technological, market-driven or otherwise) to developing and marketing these new
products in a timely and efficient manner. There can be no assurance that SafeNet and Cylink will be able to overcome these challenges, or that a market for such new products will develop after the
merger. 

        It
is not certain that SafeNet and Cylink can be successfully integrated in a timely manner or at all or that any of the anticipated benefits of the merger will be realized by the
combined company. In addition, SafeNet cannot assure you that there will not be substantial costs associated with the integration process, that integration activities will not result in a decrease in
revenues, a decrease in the value of SafeNet common stock, or that there will not be other material adverse effects from SafeNet's integration efforts. 

        If
SafeNet is unable to successfully integrate Cylink, or if the benefits of the merger do not meet the expectations of financial or industry analysts, the market price of SafeNet's
common stock may decline. 

Sales of substantial amounts of SafeNet's common stock in the open market by Cylink shareholders could depress SafeNet's stock price.

        Other
than shares held by affiliates of Cylink or SafeNet, shares of SafeNet's common stock that are issued to shareholders of Cylink, including those shares issued upon the exercise of
outstanding options to purchase SafeNet common stock by Cylink option holders, will be freely tradable by the shareholders of Cylink without restrictions or further registration under the Securities
Act. If the merger with Cylink closes and if Cylink shareholders sell substantial amounts of SafeNet common stock in the public market following the transaction, including shares issued upon the
exercise of outstanding options, the market price of SafeNet common stock may decrease. These sales might also make it more difficult for SafeNet to sell equity or equity-related securities at a time
and price that it otherwise would deem appropriate. 

        In
the transaction, SafeNet will issue 0.05 of a share of its common stock for each share of Cylink common stock outstanding at the time the merger closes, or approximately 1,653,270
shares of SafeNet 

common stock as of November 25, 2002. In addition, SafeNet will assume certain options and warrants to purchase Cylink common stock as follows: 


SafeNet
will assume all outstanding options to purchase Cylink common stock that are vested and held by individuals who are employees (including officers) of
Cylink at any time within 30 days of the closing of the merger and would have an exercise price equal to or less than the greater of (1) the average of the closing sales prices of the
SafeNet common stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the fifth business day prior to the date of the Cylink shareholders meeting or (2) $12.50; based on the exchange ratio of
0.05 and assuming a SafeNet average closing price per share of $12.50 or higher, such options would be converted into options to acquire approximately 171,804 shares of SafeNet common stock at the
closing of the merger;


SafeNet
will assume all outstanding options issued under the Cylink/ARL 1997 Stock Option Plan to purchase 119,784 shares of Cylink common stock, which,
based on the exchange ratio of 0.05, would be converted into options to acquire 5,989 shares of SafeNet common stock at the closing of the merger; and


SafeNet
will assume a warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of Cylink common stock, which, based on the exchange ratio of 0.05, would be converted into a
warrant to purchase 25,000 shares of SafeNet common stock at the closing of the merger. 

Customer and employee uncertainty related to the merger could harm the combined company.

        SafeNet's
or Cylink's customers may, in response to the announcement of the merger, delay or defer purchasing decisions. Any delay or deferral in purchasing decisions by SafeNet's or
Cylink's customers could seriously harm the business of the combined company. Similarly, SafeNet and Cylink employees may experience uncertainty about their future role with the combined company until
or after strategies with regard to the combined company are announced or executed. This may adversely affect the combined company's ability to attract and retain key management, marketing, sales,
customer support and technical personnel, which could harm the combined company. 

SafeNet and Cylink expect to incur significant costs associated with the merger.

        SafeNet
estimates that it will incur transaction costs of approximately $5.0 million associated with the merger, including direct costs of the acquisition as well as liabilities
to be accrued in connection with the acquisition, including severance and related costs. In addition, Cylink estimates that it will incur direct transaction costs of approximately $1.3 million which
will be expensed as incurred. SafeNet and Cylink believe the combined entity may incur charges to operations, which are not currently reasonably estimable, in the quarter in which the merger is
completed or the following quarters, to reflect costs associated with integrating the two companies. There is no assurance that the combined company will not incur additional material charges in
subsequent quarters to reflect additional costs associated with the merger. 

If the merger is not completed, SafeNet's and Cylink's stock prices and future business and operations could be harmed.

        If
the merger is not completed, SafeNet and Cylink may be subject to the following material risks, among others: 


The
prices of SafeNet and Cylink common stock may change to the extent that the current market prices of SafeNet and Cylink common stock reflect an
assumption that the merger will be completed;


SafeNet's
and Cylink's costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting and some of the fees of their financial advisors, must be paid even if the
merger is not completed; and 


Under
some circumstances (more fully described on page 105), Cylink may be required to pay SafeNet a termination fee of up to 5% of the total merger
consideration. 

        Further,
with respect to Cylink, if the merger is terminated and Cylink's Board of Directors determines to seek another merger or business combination, it is not certain that Cylink will
be able to find a merger partner or that the new merger partner would be willing to pay an equivalent or more attractive price than that which would be paid by SafeNet in the merger. While the merger
agreement is in effect, subject to specified exceptions, Cylink is prohibited from entering into or soliciting, initiating or intentionally encouraging any inquiries or proposals that may lead to a
proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation, business combination, sale of substantial assets, tender offer, sale of shares of capital stock or other similar transactions with any person other than
SafeNet. These restrictions could limit Cylink's ability to enter into an alternative transaction at a favorable price. 

Cylink's officers and Directors have conflicts of interest that may influence them to support or approve the merger.

        Certain
officers and Directors of Cylink have employment and severance agreements or other arrangements with Cylink, have received or may receive offers of employment with SafeNet after
the merger, and have continuing indemnification against liabilities that provide them with interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, yours. Therefore, these officers and
Directors may be more likely to vote to approve the merger agreement and the merger than if they did not have these interests. Cylink shareholders should consider whether these interests may have
influenced these officers and Directors to support or recommend the merger. You should read more about these interests under "
The MergerInterests of Cylink's
Officers and Directors in the Merger
" beginning on page 78 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

RISKS RELATED TO SAFENET'S BUSINESS  

SafeNet has a history of losses and may incur future losses.  

        SafeNet has experienced substantial net losses in four of the last five years, including 2001. As of September 30, 2002, SafeNet had an accumulated deficit
of $22.2 million. Although SafeNet's revenues are subject to fluctuation, it intends to maintain or increase its expenditures in all areas in order to execute its business plan. As a result,
SafeNet may incur substantial additional losses. The likelihood of SafeNet's success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses and delays frequently encountered in connection with new
technologies utilized with the transition to an Internet VPN business and the competitive environment in which SafeNet operates. You should not consider SafeNet's historical results indicative of
future revenue levels or operating results. SafeNet can neither
give assurance that it will operate profitably in the future nor that profitability will be sustained if it is achieved. 

SafeNet may not be able to successfully integrate companies acquired by SafeNet in the future.

        SafeNet
may from time pursue acquisitions of businesses that complement or expand its existing business, including acquisitions that could be material in size and scope. 

        Any
future acquisitions involve various risks, including: 


Difficulties
in integrating the operations, technologies, and products of the acquired company;


The
risk of diverting management's attention from normal daily operations of the business;


Potential
difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development;


Risks
of entering markets in which SafeNet has no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions; 


Initial
dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners;


Insufficient
revenues to offset increased expenses associated with the acquisition; and


The
potential loss of key employees of the acquired company. 

        There
can be no assurance that SafeNet's acquisition of any other business will be successful and will not materially adversely affect its business, operating results, or financial
condition. SafeNet must also manage any growth resulting from such acquisitions effectively. Failure to manage growth effectively
and successfully integrate the acquired company's operations could have a material adverse effect on SafeNet's business and operating results. 

SafeNet's quarterly operating results may fluctuate and its future revenues and profitability are uncertain.

        SafeNet
has experienced significant fluctuations in its quarterly operating results and anticipates continued substantial fluctuations in its future operating results. A number of
factors have contributed to these quarterly fluctuations including: 


Market
acceptance and demand for SafeNet products;


Length
of sales cycle including the size, timing, cancellation or delay of customer orders;


Introduction
of new products and product enhancements by SafeNet or its competitors;


Market
acceptance of new products introduced by SafeNet or its competitors;


Budgeting
cycles of customers;


The
timing and execution of individual contracts;


The
product mix sold in a given quarter;


Changes
in the percentage of revenues attributable to OEM license fees and royalties;


Length
of time required by OEM's to embed SafeNet products into their products which generate royalties to SafeNet;


The
percentage of products sold through SafeNet's direct sales force and indirect distribution channels;


Product
development expenses;


Competitive
conditions in the industry; and


Changes
in general economic conditions. 

        SafeNet's
expenses are based, in part, on its expectations regarding future revenues, and are largely fixed in nature, particularly in the short-term. SafeNet may be unable
to predict future revenues accurately or to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. Accordingly, any significant shortfall of revenues in relation to
SafeNet's expectations could cause significant declines in its quarterly operating results. 

        Due
to all of the foregoing factors, SafeNet's quarterly revenues and operating results are difficult to forecast. Therefore, SafeNet believes that
period-to-period comparisons of its operating results will not necessarily be meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of SafeNet's future performance.
Also, it is likely that SafeNet's operating results will fall below its expectations and the expectations of securities analysts or investors in some future quarter. In such event, the market price of
SafeNet's common stock could be materially adversely affected. 

SafeNet may not successfully adapt to changes in technology and industry standards.

        The
network security industry is characterized by rapid changes, including evolving industry standards, frequent new product introductions, continuing advances in technology and changes
in customer requirements and preferences. Although SafeNet believes its core technology will be the basis for future product offerings, it expects technological developments to continue at a rapid
pace in the computer and communications industries, and there can be no assurance that technological developments will not cause SafeNet's technology to be rendered obsolete or
non-competitive. 

        SafeNet's
future products may not keep pace with technological changes implemented by competitors, developers of operating systems or networking systems, or persons seeking to breach
network security. The introduction of new technologies could also require SafeNet to invest in research and development at much higher rates with no assurance of developing competitive products.
Changes in technologies or customer requirements may also cause the development cycle for SafeNet's new products to be significantly longer than its historical product development cycle, resulting in
higher development costs
or a loss in market share. SafeNet products may not satisfy evolving preferences of customers and prospects and failure to develop and introduce new products and improve current products in a timely
fashion could adversely affect SafeNet. Because of the complexity of SafeNet's products, which operate on or utilize multiple platforms and communications protocols, SafeNet has from time to time
experienced delays in introducing new products and product enhancements primarily due to development difficulties or shortages of development personnel. 

The loss of a commercial customer that accounted for a significant portion of SafeNet's revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2002 could have a material
adverse effect on SafeNet's business and results of operations.

        SafeNet
has one commercial client that accounted for 41% of its consolidated revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2002. A loss of this customer or significant cutback
in its orders for SafeNet's products would have a material adverse effect on SafeNet's business and results of operations. 

Restrictions on the export of some SafeNet products could negatively impact sales of its products.

        SafeNet
currently sells its products internationally and intends to continue to expand its relationships with international distributors and resellers. International sales and operations
could be subject to the following risks: 


The
imposition of governmental controls;


Export
license requirements;


Restrictions
on the export of critical technology;


Trade
restrictions; and


Changes
in tariffs. 

        Some
of SafeNet's network security products are cryptographic devices and are subject to the export restrictions administered by the Bureau of Export Control, U.S. Department of
Commerce. These
restrictions permit the export of encryption products based on country, algorithm and class of end-user. They prohibit the export of encryption products to a number of countries and to
business entities that are not included in a range of end-users. There is no assurance, however, that the applicable regulations or policies concerning the export of such technology will
not become more restrictive. SafeNet's foreign distributors may also be required to secure licenses or formal permission before encryption products can be imported. 

SafeNet's industry is competitive and becoming increasingly consolidated, which may result in losing customers and declining revenue.

        SafeNet's
industry is relatively new, highly competitive and subject to rapid technological changes, and its success will depend, in large part, on its ability to establish and maintain
an advantageous market position. SafeNet competes with companies that have substantially greater financial resources, sales and marketing organizations, market penetration and research and development
capabilities, as well as broader product offerings and greater market presence and name recognition. SafeNet expects to face increasing competitive pressures from its current competitors and new
market entrants. This competitive risk will increase to the extent that SafeNet's competitors begin to include software vendors, network providers, and manufacturers of networking and computer
equipment and communication devices. These manufacturers and network providers may be in a better position to develop security products in anticipation of developments in their products and networks.
Competitive factors in the network security industry include: 


Standards
compliance;


Product
quality and reliability;


Technical
features;


Product
ease of use;


Network
compatibility;


Client
service and product support;


Distribution;
and


Price.

        There
has been substantial consolidation in the information security industry, and SafeNet expects that there will be significant additional consolidation in the near future. As a result
of that increasing consolidation, SafeNet expects that it will increasingly compete with larger firms that have broader product offerings and greater financial resources. Such competition may have a
significant negative effect on SafeNet's current and developing collaborative, marketing, distribution and reselling relationships, its product pricing and its product development budget and
capabilities. Any of these negative effects could significantly impair SafeNet's financial condition and results of operations. 

SafeNet may not be able to protect its proprietary technologies.  

        SafeNet's success and ability to compete is dependent, in part, upon its ability to maintain the proprietary nature of its technologies. SafeNet relies on a
combination of patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark law and nondisclosure agreements to protect its proprietary technology. Although SafeNet holds several patents and has several pending
patent applications that cover certain aspects of its technology, such patents and patent applications do not protect some of SafeNet's security products. SafeNet's current and future patent
applications may not be granted. Additionally, SafeNet's patents may not be broad enough to protect the core technology critical to its security products. 

        Confidentiality
agreements and other methods on which SafeNet relies to protect its trade secrets and proprietary information and rights may not be adequate to protect its proprietary
rights. Litigation to defend and enforce SafeNet's intellectual property rights could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on SafeNet's
financial condition and results of operations regardless of the final outcome of such litigation. SafeNet may not be able to successfully safeguard and maintain its proprietary rights and to deter
misappropriation or independent third-party development of its technology or prevent an unauthorized third party from copying or otherwise obtaining and using products, technology or other information
that it regards as proprietary. 

SafeNet's trade secrets or non-disclosure agreements may not provide meaningful protection of its proprietary information. Also, others may independently develop similar technologies or
duplicate any technology developed by SafeNet. SafeNet's inability to protect its proprietary rights would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 

        Further,
as the number of network security products in the industry increases and the functionality of these products further overlaps, SafeNet may become subject to claims of
infringement or
misappropriation of the intellectual property or proprietary rights of others. Third parties could assert infringement or misappropriation claims against SafeNet in the future with respect to current
or future products. SafeNet may also be subject to additional risks as it enters into transactions in countries where intellectual property laws are not well developed or are poorly enforced. Legal
protections of SafeNet's rights may be ineffective in such countries, and technology developed in such countries may not be protected in jurisdictions where protection is ordinarily available. Any
claims or litigation, with or without merit, could be costly and could result in a diversion of management's attention, which could have a material adverse effect on SafeNet's financial condition and
results of operations. Adverse determinations in such claims or litigation could also have a material adverse effect on SafeNet's financial condition and results of operations. 

SafeNet may not be able to maintain effective product distribution channels, which could result in decreased revenue.

        SafeNet
relies on both its direct sales force and an indirect channel distribution strategy for the sale and marketing of SafeNet products. SafeNet's sales and marketing organization may
be unable to successfully compete against the more extensive and well-funded sales and marketing operations of certain of its current and future competitors. Additionally, SafeNet may be
unable to continue to attract integrators and resellers that can market its legacy products effectively and provide timely and cost-effective customer support and service. Further,
SafeNet's distributors, integrators and resellers may carry competing lines of network security solutions. The loss of important sales personnel, distributors, integrators or resellers could adversely
affect SafeNet. 

Delays in product development could adversely affect market acceptance of SafeNet products.

        SafeNet
may experience schedule overruns in product development triggered by factors such as insufficient staffing or the unavailability of development-related software, hardware or
technologies. Further, when developing new network security products, SafeNet's development schedules may be altered as a result of the discovery of software bugs, performance problems or changes to
the product specification in response to customer requirements, technology market developments or self-initiated changes. All of these factors can cause a product to enter the market
behind schedule, which may adversely affect market acceptance of the product or place it at a disadvantage to a competitor's product that has already gained market share or market acceptance during
the delay. 

SafeNet may be subject to product liability or other claims that could adversely affect its reputation with existing and potential customers and expose it to significant
liability.

        The
sale and installation of SafeNet's network security systems and products within the computer networks of its customers and the operation of its SafeNet facility entails
a risk of product failure, product liability or other claims. An actual or perceived breach of network or computer security, regardless of whether such breach is attributable to SafeNet's products,
could adversely affect SafeNet's reputation and its financial condition or results of operations. The complex nature of SafeNet's
products can make the detection of errors or failures difficult when products are introduced. If errors or failures are subsequently discovered, this may result in delays and lost revenues during the
correction process. A malfunction or the inadequate design of SafeNet's products could result in product liability claims. SafeNet attempts to reduce the risk of such losses through warranty
disclaimers 

and liability limitation clauses. However, SafeNet may not have obtained adequate contractual protection in all instances or where otherwise required under agreements it has entered into with others. 

        SafeNet
currently maintains product liability insurance. However, SafeNet's insurance coverage may not be adequate and any product liability claim for damages resulting from security
breaches could be substantial. In the event of product liability litigation, insufficient insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on SafeNet's financial condition and results of
operations. Further, certain customers and potential customers may require minimum product liability insurance coverage as a condition precedent to purchasing SafeNet's products. Failure to satisfy
such insurance requirements could impede SafeNet's ability to achieve product sales, which would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. There is no
assurance that such insurance will be available at a reasonable cost or will be sufficient to cover all possible liabilities. 

SafeNet relies on third party contractors and suppliers for the manufacture of its products and the failure to maintain satisfactory relations with these third parties could
adversely affect SafeNet's business.

        SafeNet
relies upon third party contractors for the manufacture of components and sub-assemblies for its products. SafeNet may not be able to obtain and/or maintain
satisfactory contractual relations with qualified vendors or suppliers. The unavailability of such third parties may substantially decrease SafeNet's control of the cost, quality and timeliness of the
manufacturing process. At present, SafeNet is not a party to any exclusive supply contracts with third party contractors for its legacy products. All purchases of components or parts for SafeNet's
products are accomplished by the use of purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business. Although SafeNet has not experienced any significant supply problems in the past, and there have been
no materially late deliveries of components or parts, it is possible that in the future SafeNet may encounter shortages in parts, components, or other elements vital to the manufacture, production and
sale of its products. SafeNet's business would suffer if the supply of such components were interrupted. 

SafeNet relies on key employees and if such employees become unavailable, SafeNet's business could be adversely affected.

        The
network security industry is highly specialized and the competition for qualified employees is intense. SafeNet expects this to remain so for the foreseeable future. SafeNet believes
its success depends significantly upon a number of key technical and management employees, and upon its ability to retain and hire additional key personnel. The loss of the services of key personnel
or the inability to
attract additional qualified personnel could materially and adversely affect SafeNet's results of operations and product development efforts. SafeNet may be unable to achieve our revenue and operating
performance objectives unless it can attract and retain technically qualified and highly skilled engineers and sales, technical, marketing, and management personnel. Such personnel are particularly
important to SafeNet's research and development efforts, where it employs a large number of technical personnel holding advanced degrees. Further, additions of new and departures of existing
personnel, particularly in key positions, can be disruptive and can result in further departures of SafeNet personnel, which could in turn harm its business and results of operation. 

        In
2001, SafeNet entered into a five-year employment agreement with Anthony A. Caputo, its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. However, SafeNet has not
historically provided such types of employment agreements to other employees. This may adversely impact SafeNet's ability to attract and retain the necessary technical, management and other key
personnel. 

RISKS RELATED TO SAFENET'S COMMON STOCK  

SafeNet's stock price could be volatile.  

        Market prices for SafeNet's common stock and the securities of other network security companies have been volatile. Factors such as announcements of technological
innovations or new products by SafeNet or by its competitors and market conditions for network security company and other technology stocks in general can have a significant impact on the market for
SafeNet's common stock, which could reduce SafeNet's stock price regardless of its operating performance. 

        SafeNet
periodically reviews and considers possible acquisitions of companies that it believes will contribute to its long-term objectives. In addition, depending on market
conditions, liquidity requirements and other factors, SafeNet considers, from time to time, accessing the capital markets. Such events may also affect the market prices for SafeNet's common stock and
reduce such prices regardless of operating performance. 

Anti-takeover provisions in SafeNet's charter documents and Delaware law could prevent or delay a change in control.

        SafeNet's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable by authorizing the issuance of "blank
check" preferred stock. In addition, certain provisions of Delaware law may also discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring or merging with SafeNet, even if such action were beneficial
to some, or even a majority, of SafeNet's stockholders. 

SafeNet has not paid dividends and does not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.

        SafeNet
has never paid nor declared any cash or other dividends on its common stock since its inception and SafeNet does not presently anticipate that dividends will be paid on its
common stock in the foreseeable future. 

RISKS RELATED TO CYLINK'S BUSINESS AND COMMON STOCK  

Cylink has a history of losses, and may not be able to meet its needs for working capital.

        Cylink
incurred significant net losses in the nine month period ended September 29, 2002, in fiscal year 2001 and in prior fiscal years. Cylink had an accumulated deficit of
$135.2 million as of September 29, 2002. Cylink's prior losses may also adversely impact its ability to raise additional capital if required to sustain its operations. 

        As
of the date of filing of this proxy statement/prospectus, Cylink's revenue to date for 2002 is significantly below the revenue anticipated under its current financial plan for such
year. Under Cylink's internal financial plan for 2002, Cylink had projected a positive operating cash flow for the 2002 fiscal year, but as of September 29, 2002 Cylink's operations are not
generating a positive cash flow. Due to the decrease in Cylink's revenues in 2001 and the continued decrease in Cylink's revenues below the amounts anticipated by its management under its internal
financial plan for 2002, Cylink undertook certain actions to reduce operating costs in its core businesses in 2001 and 2002, including a workforce reduction in June 2002. In addition, on
October 30, 2002 Cylink entered into a modification of its lease on its corporate headquarters facility in Santa Clara, California. In 2002 Cylink began to realize the benefits of the actions
taken in the fourth quarter of 2000, throughout 2001 and the first nine months of 2002 to reduce operating costs. Cylink plans to continue such cost reducing measures in the fourth quarter 2002 to the
extent necessary or advisable. However, there can be no assurance that the cost cutting measures already implemented, either alone or in combination with such other cost
cutting measures as the management of Cylink determines are necessary or advisable if implemented, would be sufficient for Cylink to achieve profitability or that Cylink will be able to continue
reducing 

costs at a pace that reflects any further reduction in its revenues below anticipated levels or that Cylink will not need to raise additional capital to fund its operations or that additional
financing could be obtained by Cylink on acceptable terms, or at all. 

        There
also can be no assurances that Cylink's principal sources of liquidity, which include cash and cash equivalents of $8.2 million as of September 29, 2002, will satisfy
its current anticipated working capital and capital expenditure requirements through at least the next twelve months. Cylink's $7.5 million revolving working capital loan facility matured on
June 27, 2002. During the third quarter of 2002, the bank renewed Cylink's line of credit for $5.0 million through July 27, 2003. This loan is secured by all of Cylink's tangible
assets and the loan agreement for such credit line contains a covenant to maintain a minimum tangible net worth. In February 2002, Cylink breached certain financial covenants contained in this
loan agreement. The minimum tangible net worth covenant was reset at the time of the loan renewal; however, due to restructuring costs associated with modification of Cylink's Santa Clara lease and
professional fees incurred with respect to Cylink's pending merger with SafeNet's subsidiary, Cylink fell out of compliance with this covenant on October 30, 2002. There is no guarantee that
Cylink will satisfy those covenants or other covenants in the loan agreement in the future. If Cylink fails to meet such financial covenants, the line of credit may not be available to fund its
operations if needed. Further, if additional funds are raised by issuing equity securities, dilution to Cylink's shareholders may result. If adequate funds needed to sustain Cylink's operations are
not available, Cylink, its business, and the price of its common stock will be adversely affected. 

Cylink's quarterly operating results vary from period to period and may vary in the future.

        Cylink
has historically experienced significant fluctuations in its operating results on both a quarterly and an annual basis and could experience such fluctuations in the future.
Cylink's revenues and operating results are affected by a number of factors outside of its control, including the following: 


Cylink's
inability to accurately forecast revenues and respond in a timely manner to changes in revenue levels;


The
timing of the introduction by Cylink or by its competitors of new or enhanced products;


Market
acceptance of Cylink's new products and those of its competitors;


The
timing, cancellation or delay of customer orders, including cancellation or delay in anticipation of new product introductions or enhancements;


Changes
in Cylink's pricing policies or those of its competitors;


Changes
in operating costs and expenses, including those resulting from changes in available production capacity of independent foundries and other suppliers
and the availability of raw materials;


Changes
in the revenue mix from products or services sold;


Changes
in the percentage of products sold through Cylink's direct sales force;


Loss
of an important customer;


Failure
to grow Cylink's customer base in accordance with market expectations;


Customer
discounts and credits;


Cylink's
limited ability to reduce expenses to offset any unexpected shortfall in revenue growth or decrease in revenue;


Delays
in manufacturing due to shortages in components or unanticipated revisions in product design; 


Expenses
incurred in seeking to enforce or defend claims with respect to intellectual property rights;


Changes
in the economy that affect the purchasing decisions of Cylink's customers; and


Disruption
in Cylink's operations caused by reductions in its workforce. 

        Many
of these factors are outside of Cylink's control. It is possible that in the future Cylink's operating results will be below the expectations of securities analysts and investors.
In such an event, or in the event that adverse conditions prevail or are perceived to prevail generally or specifically with respect to Cylink's business or the market sector in which Cylink operates,
the price of its common stock may be adversely affected. 

If the merger with SafeNet, Inc. is not completed, Cylink's stock price and future business and operations could be harmed.

        If
the merger with SafeNet is not completed, Cylink will be subject to the following material risks, among others: 


The
price of Cylink's common stock may change to the extent that the current market price of Cylink's common stock reflect an assumption that the merger will
be completed;


Cylink's
costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting and some of the fees of its financial advisors, must be paid even if the merger is not
completed; and


Under
some circumstances Cylink may be required to pay SafeNet a cash termination fee. 

        Further,
if the merger is terminated or otherwise is not consummated and Cylink's Board of Directors determines to seek another merger or business combination, it is not certain that
Cylink will be able to find a merger partner or that the new merger partner would be willing to pay an equivalent or more attractive price than that which would be paid by SafeNet in the merger. While
the merger agreement is in effect, subject to specified exceptions, Cylink is prohibited from entering into or soliciting, initiating or intentionally encouraging any inquiries or proposals that may
lead to a proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation, business combination, sale of substantial assets, tender offer, sale of shares of capital stock or other similar transactions with any person
other than SafeNet. These restrictions could limit Cylink's ability to enter into an alternative transaction at a favorable price. 

Cylink is currently involved in litigation.  

 Securities Class Action  

        In 1998, Cylink filed amended Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first and third quarters of 1998 and an amended Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the 1997 fiscal year, reflecting restated financial results for those quarters, and for the fourth quarter of 1997. Between November 6, 1998 and
December 14, 1998 several securities class action complaints were filed against Cylink and certain of its current and former Directors and officers in federal courts in California. These
complaints alleged, among other things, that Cylink's previously issued financial statements were materially false and misleading and that the defendants knew or should have known that these financial
statements caused Cylink's common stock price to rise artificially. The actions variously alleged violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and SEC
Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and Section 20 of the Exchange Act. The securities class action lawsuits were ordered consolidated into a single action pending in the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned In Re Cylink Securities Litigation, No. C98-4292 (VRW). On October 16, 2002, Cylink entered into an
agreement with all plaintiffs in the securities class action lawsuit to settle all claims in the class action for $6.2 million. The settlement amount will be paid entirely from insurance
proceeds under insurance policies held by Cylink. The settlement agreement is subject to approval by the United 

States District Court for the Northern District of California. The court preliminarily approved the settlement agreement on November 12, 2002 and Cylink expects that the settlement agreement
will receive final approval in March of 2003. 

 Other Litigation  

        In addition, in the normal course of business, Cylink, from time to time, receives inquiries or other informal communications with regard to possible infringement
of third party intellectual property rights by Cylink's patents or the features or content of certain of its products. Cylink believes that it is unlikely that the outcome of any of these infringement
inquiries will have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations, however if litigation results from any of these inquires and the outcome is unfavorable to Cylink, it
could have a material adverse effect on Cylink's cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. There has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property
rights in the software and network security related industries in which Cylink operates. Further commercialization of Cylink's products could provoke claims of infringement from third parties. In the
future, litigation may be necessary to enforce Cylink's patents, to protect its trade secrets or know-how or to defend against claimed infringement of the intellectual property rights of
others and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Any litigation regarding the intellectual property rights of Cylink or others could result in substantial cost and
diversion of Cylink's management's efforts from the operation of its businesses, which by itself could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and operating results. Further, adverse
determinations in such litigation could result in loss of Cylink's proprietary rights, subject Cylink to significant liabilities to third parties, require it to seek licenses from third parties or
prevent Cylink from manufacturing or selling its products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Cylink's sales cycles are long and unpredictable which makes period-to-period revenues difficult to predict.

        Sales
of Cylink's products generally involve a significant commitment of capital by its customers, with the attendant delays frequently associated with large capital expenditures. For
these and other reasons, the sales cycle associated with Cylink's products is typically lengthy and subject to a number of significant risks over which Cylink has little or no control. Cylink is often
required to ship products shortly after it receives the orders from its customers. Consequently, order backlog at the beginning of any period has, at times in the past, represented only a small
portion of that period's expected revenue. Furthermore, increases in backlog from quarter to quarter may be due to placement of orders calling for delivery dates extended over a much longer period of
time into future periods. Consequently, Cylink's order backlog becomes more vulnerable to customer cancellations. As a result of these fluctuations in its sales cycle and because of order backlog,
Cylink's product revenue in any period has been and will continue to be substantially dependent on orders booked and shipped in that period. 

        Cylink
typically plans its production and inventory levels based on internal forecasts of customer demand, which are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate substantially. In particular,
market forces beyond its control, including a general economic recession and limits or changes in government spending, may have a material affect on customer demand for its products. In addition,
Cylink's operating expenses are based on anticipated revenue levels and a high percentage of its expenses are generally fixed in the short term. Based on these factors, a small fluctuation in the
timing of sales can cause operating results to vary significantly from period to period. It is possible that in the future Cylink's operating results will be below the expectations of securities
analysts and investors, as they
have in the past. If Cylink disappoints the expectations of securities analysts and investors, or in the event that adverse market conditions prevail, or are perceived to prevail, generally or with
respect to the market sector in which Cylink operates, the price of its common stock would likely be adversely 

affected. All of these factors make it difficult to predict Cylink's financial performance from period to period. As Cylink's quarterly results fluctuate, they may fall below the expectations of the
public market analysts or investors. If this occurs, the price of Cylink's common stock may drop and Cylink's financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

The overall economic climate continues to be weak.  

        Cylink's products typically represent substantial capital commitments by its customers and potentially involve a long sales cycle. As a result, its customers'
purchase decisions may be significantly affected by a variety of factors outside of Cylink's control, including downward trends in capital spending for communication networks, increased market
competition and the availability or announcement of alternative technologies by its competitors. Continued recent weakness in general economic conditions has resulted in many of Cylink's customers
delaying and/or reducing their capital spending related to information systems. If the economy continues to be weak or further weakens, demand for Cylink's products could decrease, resulting in lower
revenues and a decline in the overall rate of its revenue growth. 

Cylink is dependent on recently introduced and new network security products.  

        Cylink's future results of operations will be highly dependent on the successful marketing and manufacture of Cylink's NetHawk product, as well as the Cylink Link
Encryptors, PrivaCy Manager, Cylink ATM and Cylink Frame Encryptor products. Through the third quarter of 2002, Cylink has made only limited commercial shipments of its NetHawk product, which began
shipping in mid-year 2000. This product requires additional development work, enhancement and testing to achieve widespread commercial success. If this or other new or recently introduced
products have performance, reliability, quality or other shortcomings, such products could fail to achieve adequate market acceptance. The failure of Cylink's new or existing products to achieve or
enjoy continued market acceptance, whether for these or other reasons, could cause Cylink to experience reduced orders, higher manufacturing costs, delays in collecting accounts receivable and
additional warranty and service expenses, which in each case could have a material adverse effect on Cylink's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        Due
to insufficient market acceptance of stand alone public key infrastructure (PKI) products generally, such as Cylink's Net Authority product and similar products of its competitors,
Cylink revised its marketing approach in the second half of 2001 by discontinuing efforts to sell Net Authority as a stand alone product. Instead, Cylink focused its efforts on potential customers
seeking to embed its PKI product as part of their application or service. In addition, on February 8, 2002, Cylink received notice from the United States Postal Service (USPS) that it was
terminating its license to Cylink's Net
Authority product as of March 17, 2002, noting that its decision was "not a reflection of the quality of work performance provided by Cylink" but was due to "USPS' immediate need to reduce
cost" and downsize its non core businesses following the anthrax attack on its operations in October of 2001. At its request, Cylink granted the USPS a continuation of its license through
May 30, 2002. On May 31, 2002 the Cylink/USPS license terminated and all revenue earned under the contract expired in the third quarter of 2002. Revenue for the third quarter of 2002,
and for the first nine months of 2002 resulting from the USPS license, was $0.2 million and $0.5 million, respectively. Cylink completely discontinued all further development of its PKI
technology and products in July 2002. 

Cylink faces significant competition from other providers of network security systems.

        Competition
is intense among providers of network security systems and Cylink expects that such competition will increase in the future. Significant competitive factors in Cylink's
products' markets include: 


The
rapid development of new products and features by market participants;


Product
quality and performance;


Customer
perception regarding the adequacy of security provided by existing software and routers;


Adoption
of embedded security solutions in other vendors' hardware and software products;


The
quality and experience of Cylink's sales, marketing and service organizations;


Cylink's
products' prices and the prices of similar products of its competitors;


Name
recognition of Cylink versus its competitors; and


Customers'
perception of Cylink's stability and long-term viability. 

        Many
of these competitive factors are beyond Cylink's control. Cylink's competitors in the information security markets, including companies that offer products similar to, or products
that are perceived as an alternative to, Cylink's products, are Checkpoint Software Technologies, Ltd., Network Associates, Inc., SafeNet, Inc., Secure Computing Corporation, RSA
Security, Inc., Symantec Corporation, and Thales e-Security, Inc. Cylink's NetHawk VPN appliance competes with numerous other products, including those offered or under
development by Cisco Systems, Inc., Newbridge Networks Corporation, Netscreen Technologies, Inc., Nokia Corp, and Sonic Wall, Inc. A number of significant vendors, including
Microsoft Corporation, and Cisco Systems, Inc. have embedded security solutions in their software. To the extent that these embedded or optional security capabilities provide all or a portion
of the functionality provided by Cylink's products, Cylink's products may no longer be required by its customers to attain network security. 

        Many
of Cylink's competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution and other resources and greater name recognition and longer standing relationships
with customers than possessed by Cylink. Competitors with greater financial resources are better able to engage in more aggressive marketing campaigns and sustained price reductions in order to gain
market share. However, any period of sustained price reductions in Cylink's products would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Cylink may not be able
to compete successfully in the future and competitive pressures may result in price reductions, loss of market share or otherwise have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results
of operations. 

Cylink faces risks from tort and warranty claims.  

        Cylink faces risks from tort and warranty claims by third parties. Customers rely on Cylink's network security products to prevent unauthorized access to their
networks and data transmissions. A malfunction or the inadequate design of a Cylink product could result in tort or warranty claims from its customers. Additionally, a breach of a Cylink's customer's
network by an unauthorized party, which is determined to be attributable to an alleged defect in its products, may cause substantial damages due to loss or compromise of the customer's valuable
information. Furthermore, there is inadequate legal precedent for allocating responsibility for such losses caused by the wrongful acts of third parties. Although Cylink attempts to reduce the risk of
such losses and claims through warranty disclaimers and liability limitation clauses in its standard forms of sales and license agreements and by maintaining product liability insurance, there can be
no assurance that such measures will be effective in limiting Cylink's liability for such damages. Any liability for damages resulting from security breaches or other 

alleged product defects could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on Cylink's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        In
addition, a well-publicized actual or perceived security breach could adversely affect the market's perception of security products in general, or Cylink's products in
particular, regardless of whether such breach is attributable to a Cylink products. Such negative perceptions could result in a decline in
demand for Cylink's products, which, in turn, would have a material adverse effect on Cylink's business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        On
August 2, 2001 Cylink determined that a hardware design could cause a premature failure of the backup battery on its Cylink Frame Encryptor (CFE) product. Shortly thereafter,
Cylink announced a program to give its customers the option of updating their CFE units by returning them to the factory, or receiving an extended warranty covering the battery through the end of
December 2002. Cylink accrued approximately $1.0 million in warranty costs during the second quarter of 2001 associated with this program. While Cylink management believes that this
reserve is adequate based on reasonable estimates derived from information available to Cylink at the time the reserve was accrued, and actual costs incurred to date, Cylink's total actual costs
resulting from this program could exceed these reserves. After Cylink announced this program, two of its major customers stated their intention to submit substantial claims to Cylink related to their
costs of avoiding product failures, however, neither of these customers (nor any other Cylink customer of this product) has made a claim against Cylink for damages related to the failure of the backup
battery. Although Cylink believes any such claims would be barred or significantly reduced by the limitations and exclusions set forth in the governing contracts of sale, there can be no assurance
that Cylink would be found free from liability or any obligation to reimburse these customers should such customers bring such a claim against Cylink. If such claims were brought against Cylink and
Cylink were found to be liable for these customers' damages, Cylink's operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely effected. 

        In
addition, Cylink may face warranty and support claims from users of its ISDN product line. See "Cylink faces risks from its dependence on third party subcontractors and suppliers" on
page 40 below. 

Cylink may be unable to retain executive officers and key personnel that are critical to its business
. 

        Cylink's
future success depends in large part on the abilities of its executive officers, key management and technical personnel and its ability to retain qualified and competent
individuals following its recent reductions in the employee workforce and the announcement of Cylink's agreement to be acquired by SafeNet, Inc. on October 30, 2002. There is no
guarantee that Cylink's present executive management and technical staff will remain with Cylink, particularly if Cylink's performance is not up to the employees' expectations, if there is prolonged
uncertainty concerning the effect of the SafeNet transaction on individual positions, and if a general economic recovery leads to expanded alternative opportunities for such employees. The loss of the
services of one or more of Cylink's executive officers or key personnel, or the inability to attract and retain additional executives and other qualified personnel, could delay product development
cycles or otherwise have a material adverse effect on Cylink's business and operating results. 

Cylink may not be able to hire and retain sufficient technical, marketing and management personnel that it needs to succeed.

        Cylink
may not be able to hire and retain sufficient technical, marketing and management personnel that it needs to succeed because Cylink has limited resources to expand its work force.
Cylink recently experienced, and may continue to experience, substantial fluctuations in the number of employees and the scope of its operations in the network security business. These fluctuations
resulted in increased responsibilities for the Cylink management team. To manage Cylink's businesses effectively, Cylink must continue to improve its operational, financial and management information
systems and 

must retain, motivate and manage its employees. In the recent past competition among companies has been intense for qualified technical, marketing and management personnel. Furthermore, the recent
reductions in Cylink's workforce, the recently announced transaction with SafeNet and the fluctuation in Cylink's stock price, may create greater uncertainty amongst our existing employees. There can
be no assurance that Cylink will be able to effectively achieve or manage future growth in its work force and its failure to do so could delay product development cycles or otherwise have a material
adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 

Cylink's intellectual property is critical to the success of its business.  

        Cylink relies on patents, trademarks, copyrights, licenses and trade secret law to establish and preserve its intellectual property rights. Cylink owns a number
of U.S. patents covering certain features of its network security product designs, and has additional U.S. patent applications pending. However, there can be no assurance that any patent, trademark,
copyright or license owned or held by Cylink will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged, that the rights granted thereunder will provide competitive advantages to Cylink, or that any of
Cylink's pending or future patent applications will be issued with the scope of the claims sought by it, if at all. Further, there can be no assurance that others will not develop technologies that
are similar or superior to Cylink's technology, duplicate Cylink's technology, misappropriate its trade secrets, or design around the patents owned by it. Resorting to the courts to protect Cylink's
intellectual property would require significant financial and management resources. In addition, the laws of certain countries in which Cylink's products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold
may not protect those products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Cylink's inability to protect its intellectual property rights adequately could
have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 

        The
computer, communications, software and network security industries are characterized by substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. In the past,
Cylink has received communications from third parties asserting that its patents, features or content of certain of its products infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties, and
Cylink may receive such communications in the future. There can be no assurance that these third parties will not assert claims against Cylink that result in litigation. Any litigation, whether or not
determined in Cylink's favor, could result in significant expense to Cylink and could divert its management's attention and other resources from the day-to-day operations of
the company. In the event of an adverse ruling in any such litigation involving a dispute over Cylink's intellectual property rights, Cylink might be required to
discontinue the use of certain processes, cease the manufacture, use and sale of infringing products, expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or obtain licenses
to the infringing technology and we may suffer significant monetary damages, which could include treble damages. There can be no assurance that under such circumstances a license would be available to
Cylink on reasonable terms or at all. In the event of a successful claim against Cylink, combined with its failure to develop or license a substitute technology on commercially reasonable terms,
Cylink's financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

If Cylink is unable to adapt its services to rapidly changing technology, or if the market for its network security products fails to grow, its business and operating results
could suffer.

        The
market for Cylink's network security products is characterized by rapidly changing technology, emerging industry standards, new product introductions and changes in customer
requirements and preferences. Cylink's future success will depend in part upon end users' demand for network security products in general, and upon Cylink's ability to enhance its existing products
and to develop and introduce new products and technologies that meet customer requirements. Cylink faces continuing challenges to educate potential customers as to the value of its security products.
Many potential customers prefer not to disclose significant security breaches of their networks or are reluctant to invest 

in the development of a professional security architecture to protect their networks because of the expense. Cylink also believes that many potential customers do not appreciate the need for its
security products unless and until they have faced a major security breach. This general market resistance to the purchase of security products is compounded by Cylink's limited resources to invest in
marketing campaigns to promote its products and services. In addition, a portion of the sales of Cylink's network security products will depend upon a robust industry and infrastructure for providing
access to public switched networks, such as the Internet. The infrastructure or complementary products necessary to turn these networks into viable commercial marketplaces may not fully develop, or
once fully developed, may not become viable commercial marketplaces. 

        If
Cylink is unable to successfully educate potential customers about the value of its products and services, it is unlikely that its products will gain broad market acceptance. Without
broad market acceptance for, its products and services, Cylink will continue to rely primarily on selling new and existing products to its base of existing customers, which will significantly limit
any opportunity for real growth. In addition, any significant advance in technologies for attacking cryptographic systems could render some or all of Cylink's existing and new products obsolete or
unmarketable. Additionally, if a specific product or technology other than Cylink's is adopted as the standard for implementing network security in any segment of the network security market, sales of
Cylink's existing and planned products in that market segment may be adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        The
National Institute of Standards and Technology has announced a new Advanced Encryption Standard, or AES, which Cylink expects to integrate into its products. Cylink's ability to
timely implement the AES into its products may also materially affect its development costs and ability to timely market its solutions. 

If Cylink's research and development activities are unsuccessful, it will not be able to market new products and services.

        The
markets for Cylink's products are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, extensive research and new product introductions. Cylink believes that its future success depends in
part upon its ability to continue to enhance its existing products and to develop, manufacture and market new products. As a result, Cylink expects to continue to make significant investments in
engineering, research and development. However, there can be no assurances that such investments will lead to the development of new or viable products or enhancements to Cylink's existing products.
In addition, Cylink may not be able to develop and introduce new products or enhancements in a timely manner that satisfies its customer needs, achieves broad market acceptance or addresses
technological changes in its target markets. If Cylink fails to develop new products and enhancements or to introduce them successfully and in a timely manner, its competitive position, financial
condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Cylink faces risks associated with its international operations.  

        Cylink plans to maintain its foreign sales channels which require significant management attention and financial resources. International sales are subject to a
number of risks, including: 


Unexpected
changes in regulatory requirements;


Export
control laws, tariffs and other trade barriers;


Political
and economic instability in foreign markets;


Difficulties
in the staffing, management and integration of foreign operations;


Longer
payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; 


Currency
fluctuations; and


Potentially
adverse tax consequences. 

        Because
most of Cylink's foreign sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, its products become less price competitive in countries in which local currencies decline in value relative to the
U.S. dollar. The uncertainties of monetary exchange values have caused, and may in the future cause, some foreign customers to delay new orders or delay payment for existing orders in the short term,
although the long-term impact of such devaluation cannot be predicted. 

        Cylink's
ability to compete successfully in foreign countries is dependent in part on its ability to obtain and retain reliable and experienced in-country distributors and
other strategic partners. Cylink does not have long-term contracts with most of its value added resellers and distributors and, therefore, has no assurance of a continuing relationship
with such resellers and distributors within a given market. 

        Due
to U.S. government regulations restricting the export of cryptographic devices and software, including Cylink's network security products, to non-civilian agencies of
foreign governments, Cylink often is disadvantaged in competing for international sales against companies located outside the United States which are not subject to such restrictions. Furthermore, in
certain foreign countries, Cylink's distributors are required to secure licenses or formal permission before encryption products can be imported. Although the U.S. Department of Commerce continues to
relax certain export control laws as they apply to sales of Cylink's products to its international commercial customers, Cylink still faces export controls on sales of its products to certain foreign
governments and on transfers of its technology to its foreign partners. To date, Cylink has been able to secure the necessary export and import licenses to compete effectively in the international
market. However, there can be no assurances that Cylink will be able to secure such licenses in a timely manner in the future, or at all. 

Cylink faces risks from its dependence on third party subcontractors and suppliers.

        Cylink's
ability to deliver its products in a timely manner is dependent upon the availability of quality components and subsystems used in these products. Cylink depends in part upon
subcontractors to manufacture, assemble and deliver certain components and subsystems used in its products in a timely and satisfactory manner. Cylink obtains certain components and subsystems from a
single, or a limited number of, suppliers. A significant delay in obtaining a supply of components selected by Cylink's design engineers, or an interruption in the delivery of such items, could have a
material adverse effect on Cylink's financial condition and results of operations. 

        On
February 14, 2002 Cylink notified its OEM supplier of its ISDN encryption products, Biodata Information Technology AG (Biodata), of its decision to terminate Cylink's
development and supply agreement with Biodata, following Biodata's declaration of insolvency. Due to Biodata's financial
failure, as well as the financial failure of Dica, Cylink's previous supplier of its ISDN encryption products, in the first nine months of 2001, Cylink discontinued all further sales and support for
this product line. Cylink has disclaimed all liability for Biodata's and Dica's failures in the terms of its supply contract with Cylink's principal customer for its ISDN encryption products; however,
there can be no assurance that Biodata's and Dica's financial failure, and Cylink's subsequent discontinuance of its ISDN product line, will not give rise to claims for breach of warranty and support
by Cylink's customers and end users of this product line. If these customers should bring such claims against Cylink, and if Cylink were found to be liable for these customers' damages, Cylink's
operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

Cylink common stock could be delisted from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, which could adversely affect Cylink and its shareholders.

        On
June 27, 2002, Cylink received a notice from the staff of the Nasdaq National Market that its common stock had failed to maintain the minimum bid price of $1.00 over the prior
30 trading days as required for continued listing on the Nasdaq National Market. The notice stated that, if during the 90 days following the date of the notice, the bid price of Cylink common
stock failed to close at or above $1.00 for at least 10 consecutive trading days, then the Cylink common stock could be delisted. 

        On
September 24, 2002, Cylink submitted its application to Nasdaq to move trading of its common stock from the Nasdaq National Market to the Nasdaq SmallCap Market. Cylink's
application was accepted and on October 9, 2002 Cylink common stock began trading on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market under the symbol "CYLK". Under the listing rules of the Nasdaq SmallCap Market,
Cylink received an extension of an additional 90 days to comply with the $1.00 minimum bid requirement until December 24, 2002. However, should Cylink's common stock continue to close
below $1.00, Cylink common stock could be delisted from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market. If Cylink's common stock were to be delisted from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, Cylink could apply for listing on the
Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board or another quotation system or exchange for which it could qualify. Cylink cannot guarantee, however, that it could apply for listing on another
quotation system or exchange if it is delisted from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market or that if it does apply for listing, that it will be eligible initially for such listing, or that if it does become
listed, that it will be able to maintain eligibility. Also, listing on another quotation system or exchange may negatively affect the price of Cylink's common stock because stocks trading on
over-the-counter markets are typically less liquid and trade with larger variations between bid and ask prices. In addition, the delisting of Cylink's common stock from the
Nasdaq SmallCap Market would adversely affect or limit or restrict its ability to raise funds through stock issuances. 

        If
the market price for Cylink's Common Stock remains below $1.00 per share, its common stock will be deemed to be penny stock and will be subject to rules that impose additional sales
practices on broker-dealers who sell Cylink's securities. For example, broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser of a penny stock, and have received the
purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the sale. Also, a disclosure schedule must be prepared prior to any transaction
involving a penny stock and disclosure is required about sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Monthly
statements are also required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. Because of these additional
obligations, some brokers may be unwilling to effect transactions in penny stocks. Such circumstances could have an adverse effect on the liquidity of Cylink's common stock. 

Terrorist attacks may negatively impact all aspects of Cylink's operations, revenues, costs and stock price.

        Recent
terrorist attacks in the United States, as well as future events occurring in response or connection to such attacks, including future terrorist attacks against United States
targets, rumors or threats of war, actual conflicts involving the United States or its allies or military or trade disruptions impacting Cylink's domestic or foreign suppliers of merchandise, may
negatively impact Cylink's operations by causing delays or losses in the delivery of goods and supplies to Cylink and decreased sales of the products it carries. More generally, any of these events
may continue to negatively affect the general economy and Cylink's customers' demand for capital equipment, thereby negatively impacting Cylink's operating results, revenues and costs. 

Recent accounting pronouncements may impact Cylink's financial position and results of operations.

        In
June, July and August, 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) 141 "Business Combinations,"
SFAS 143, "Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations", and SFAS 144, "Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets," respectively, which are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2001. The adoption of these statements did not have a material effect on Cylink's financial condition or results of operations. There can be no assurances, however,
that the issuance by FASB of additional statements of financial accounting standards would not materially adversely affect Cylink's business, financial condition, and results of operations if such are
required to be adopted by it in the future. 

        In
June 2002 the FASB issued SFAS 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities," which addresses accounting for restructuring and similar costs.
SFAS 146 supersedes previous accounting guidance, principally Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Issue No. 94-3. Cylink will adopt the provisions of SFAS 146 for any
restructuring activities initiated after December 31, 2002. SFAS 146 requires that the liability for most costs associated with an exit or disposal activity be recognized when the
liability is incurred. Under EITF Issue 94-3, a liability for an exit cost was recognized at the date of Cylink's commitment to an exit plan. SFAS 146 also established that the
liability should initially be measured and recorded at fair value. Accordingly, SFAS 146 may affect the timing of recognizing future restructuring costs as well as the amounts ultimately
recognized by Cylink in that regard. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS    

This proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus contain forward looking
statements within the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to SafeNet's and Cylink's financial conditions, results of operations and
businesses, and the expected impact of the merger on SafeNet's and Cylink's financial performance. Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates,"
"contemplates" and similar expressions identify forward looking statements. In addition, forward looking statements in this proxy statement/prospectus include the following:


SafeNet's and Cylink's expectations, beliefs and intentions regarding the merger, including that the combined strengths of the two
companies will enable them to compete more effectively than either can compete alone and the merger will allow the combined company to grow its base of government and commercial customers, enhance its
product line, expand its international sales and provide broader technology and expertise to its customers; the value of the consideration to be received by Cylink shareholders, its greater liquidity
and lesser volatility; beliefs that the combination will result in strategic advantages and greater growth; the merger is the best and most viable alternative to continue Cylink's operations;
SafeNet's market capitalization, broader suite of products and services, and historical revenue growth has the potential to provide Cylink with additional resources to grow and gain market share more
rapidly than Cylink can grow as an independent company; the merger will result in a combined company with significantly greater financial, technological, and human resources to develop new products
and acquire new technologies; the merger will enhance the combined company's revenues from government and financial institution customers; the merger will expand the combined company's international
customer base; the merger will enable the combined company to leverage a broader product base, and more effectively target and pursue opportunities resulting from increased government spending on
information technology security; the merger will allow the combined company to achieve significant operating efficiencies going forward; the merger will allow the combined company to offer new and
existing customers a single-source vendor for a broad range of VPN and WAN security solutions; the merger will allow the combined company to more effectively innovate and rapidly bring products to
market and respond to changes in technology and the needs of customers; and that Cylink's Directors and officers, other than Mr. Crowell, and Mr. Caputo do not anticipate exercising
their stock options prior to the completion of the merger;


SafeNet's and Cylink's anticipation that neither company will pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future;


SafeNet's and Cylink's estimates regarding their respective direct transaction costs associated with the merger, the values related
to the SafeNet common stock to be issued to Cylink's shareholders, and any projections;


SafeNet's and Cylink's beliefs regarding potential charges to operations that the combined entity may incur in the quarter in which
the merger is completed or the following quarters to reflect costs associated with integrating the two companies;


SafeNet' and Cylink's intention that the merger will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code;


Beliefs, expectations and intentions of Cylink regarding its operations, including belief that Cylink's solutions offer competitive
advantages; beliefs regarding implementation by Cylink of its financial plan; Cylink's plans to continue cost reducing measures in 2002; intentions to raise additional funds through public or private
equity or debt financing, sales of assets, or from other sources if necessary; expectations that Cylink will consummate its merger with a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet during the first quarter of
2003 and other expectations regarding the status or completion of the merger; beliefs regarding when the court will approve the settlement agreement in the Cylink  

 shareholder litigation actions; beliefs regarding Cylink's principal sources of liquidity and whether they will satisfy Cylink's current anticipated working capital and capital expenditure
requirements through at least the next twelve months; and beliefs regarding financial covenants; and


Beliefs, expectations and intentions of SafeNet regarding its business, including the belief that SafeNet's core technology will be
the basis for future product offerings; expectations that SafeNet will continue to deliver security solutions while creating innovative products and technology; expectations that technological
developments will continue at a rapid pace in the computer and communications industries; expectations regarding the terms of employment for those executive officers of Cylink that are offered
employment with SafeNet after the merger; intentions of developing new products that combine Cylink's and SafeNet's products and intellectual property; intentions to continue to expand relationships
with international distributors and resellers; expectations that SafeNet will be able to recover quickly from the current market decline and to grow revenue during the decline; belief that there will
be no additional, material governmental filings required with respect to the merger and the related transactions; belief that the combined company's success depends upon a number of key employees of
Cylink and SafeNet; expectations that there will not be significant changes to the preliminary valuation of the merger; and expectations that SafeNet will consummate the merger of Cylink with a
wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet during the first quarter of 2003 and other expectations regarding the status or completion of the merger.

All forward looking statements included in this proxy statement/prospectus are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause actual
results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following possibilities:


Combining the businesses of SafeNet and Cylink may cost more than is currently expected;


The timing of the completion of the proposed merger may be materially delayed or prohibited;


General economic conditions or conditions in securities markets may be less favorable than currently
anticipated;


Expected cost savings from the merger may not be fully realized or realized within the expected time frame;


Integrating the businesses, technology and operations of SafeNet and Cylink and retaining key personnel may be more difficult and
more expensive than expected;


Contingencies may arise of which SafeNet and Cylink are not currently aware or of which SafeNet and Cylink underestimated the
significance;


The combined company's revenues after the merger may be lower than expected;


The combined company may lose more business, customers or supplies after the merger than SafeNet and Cylink currently expect, or the
combined company's operating costs may be higher than SafeNet and Cylink currently expect;


Development costs, anticipated completion, introduction and projected revenues from SafeNet's and/or Cylink's new and developing
products and technologies may be materially different than currently anticipated; or


The purchase price allocation used to prepare the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Data could change significantly
upon the completion of further analyses and valuations.  

Some of these factors and additional risks and uncertainties are further discussed under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 22. Because such
forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Cylink shareholders and SafeNet stockholders
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus or the date of any document incorporated herein by
reference.

THE SPECIAL MEETINGS    

General.  

 SafeNet.  

        The SafeNet stockholders' special meeting is being held so that stockholders of SafeNet may consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt and approve the Agreement
and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of October 30, 2002, by and among SafeNet, Sapphire Acquisition Corp. and Cylink and to approve of the issuance of SafeNet common stock to the shareholders
of Cylink in the merger, and to transact any other business that properly comes before the special meeting or any adjournment of the special meeting. Additionally, SafeNet stockholders may be asked to
vote upon a proposal to adjourn or postpone the special meeting. Any adjournment or postponement could be used for the purpose of allowing additional time for soliciting additional votes to approve
the merger agreement and the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock to the Cylink shareholders, or to satisfy other conditions to closing that the parties elect to satisfy prior to the SafeNet
stockholder vote. Approval and adoption of the merger agreement will also constitute approval of the merger, the issuance of shares to the shareholders of Cylink and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. 

        This
proxy statement/prospectus, together with a notice of special meeting and a form of proxy, is being provided to SafeNet stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies
by the SafeNet Board of Directors for use at the special meeting of SafeNet stockholders. The special meeting of the SafeNet stockholders will be held at                ,
Eastern Time, on
                , 2003, at                , or at any adjournment, postponement or
rescheduling of that meeting. 

        This
proxy statement/prospectus and the accompanying notice of special meeting and form of proxy are first being mailed to stockholders of SafeNet on or about                ,
200  . 

 Cylink.  

        The Cylink shareholders' special meeting is being held so that shareholders of Cylink may consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization, dated as of October 30, 2002, by and among SafeNet, Sapphire Acquisition Corp. and Cylink, and to transact any other business that properly comes before the special meeting or
any adjournment of the special meeting. Additionally, Cylink shareholders may be asked to vote upon a proposal to adjourn or postpone the special meeting. Any adjournment or postponement could be used
for the purpose of allowing additional time for soliciting additional votes to approve the merger agreement or to satisfy other conditions to closing that the parties elect to satisfy prior to the
Cylink shareholder vote. Approval of the merger agreement will also constitute approval of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

        This
proxy statement/prospectus, together with a notice of special meeting and a form of proxy, is being provided to Cylink shareholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by
the Cylink Board of Directors for use at the special meeting of Cylink shareholders. The special meeting of the Cylink shareholders will be held at                ,
Pacific Time, on                ,
2003, at the offices of Morrison & Foerster LLP, Cylink's outside counsel, located at 755 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304-1018, or at any adjournment, postponement or
rescheduling of that meeting. 

        This
proxy statement/prospectus and the accompanying notice of special meeting and form of proxy are first being mailed to shareholders of Cylink on or about                ,
200  . 

Matters to be Considered.  

 SafeNet.  

        At the SafeNet special meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof, SafeNet stockholders will be asked: 


To
consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt and approve the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock to the Cylink
shareholders pursuant to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and


To
transact any other business that may properly come before the meeting. 

 Cylink.  

        At the Cylink special meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof, Cylink shareholders will be asked: 


To
consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and


To
transact any other business that may properly come before the meeting. 

Recommendations of the Boards of Directors.  

 SafeNet.  

        The SafeNet Board of Directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger
and the other transactions related to the merger and contemplated by the merger agreement. The SafeNet Board of Directors believes that the merger is in the best interest of SafeNet. 

THE SAFENET BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT SAFENET STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE ADOPTION AND APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE MERGER, THE ISSUANCE OF
SHARES OF SAFENET COMMON STOCK TO THE CYLINK SHAREHOLDERS PURSUANT TO THE MERGER AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

 Cylink.  

        The Cylink Board of Directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions related to the merger and contemplated by the
merger agreement. The Cylink Board of Directors believes that the merger is in the best interest of Cylink. 

THE CYLINK BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT CYLINK SHAREHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE MERGER AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

        In
considering such recommendations, SafeNet stockholders and Cylink shareholders should be aware that SafeNet and Cylink have agreed to provide certain employment, severance and
indemnification arrangements to certain Directors and officers of Cylink. See "
The Merger

Interests of Cylink's
Officers and Directors in the Merger
" beginning on page 78 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

Record Date and Vote Required.  

 SafeNet.  

        The SafeNet Board of Directors has fixed                , 200  as the record date for
determining the SafeNet stockholders who are entitled to notice
of and to vote at the SafeNet special meeting. Only SafeNet stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date will receive notice of, and be entitled to vote at, the special meeting
of SafeNet stockholders. 

        At
the close of business on the record date, there were                shares of SafeNet common stock outstanding and entitled to a vote, held
by                record holders. The
number of record holders does not include shares held in "street name" by brokers. A majority of these shares must be represented, in person or by proxy, at the SafeNet special meeting in order to
constitute a quorum. A quorum must be present before a vote can be taken on the adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger, the
issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock, or any other matter, except adjournment or postponement of the meeting due to the absence of a quorum. Abstentions, but not shares held in SafeNet's
treasury, will be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at the SafeNet special meeting. 

        Each
share of SafeNet common stock entitles its holder to cast one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at the SafeNet special meeting. For the merger and issuance of shares of
SafeNet common stock to be approved under the rules of the Nasdaq National Market, Delaware law and SafeNet's certificate of incorporation, at least a majority of the shares of SafeNet common stock
present in person or by proxy at the SafeNet special meeting must be voted for the adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger and the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant
to the merger. In the event that stockholders are asked to vote on a proposal to adjourn or postpone the SafeNet special meeting to permit solicitation of additional proxies, approval of that proposal
would require the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the shares of SafeNet common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting. 

        As
of                , 200  , the record date for the SafeNet stockholders' special meeting, Directors and executive officers of SafeNet beneficially
owned                of
the outstanding shares of SafeNet common stock, which represented approximately    % of the shares of SafeNet common stock then outstanding. 

        Anthony
A. Caputo, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of SafeNet, has signed an agreement to vote his shares in favor of the merger and the issuance of shares
of SafeNet common stock. As of                , 200  , the record date for the SafeNet stockholder special meeting, Mr. Caputo beneficially held
approximately                shares
of SafeNet common stock (in addition to approximately            shares of SafeNet common stock underlying options exercisable by Mr. Caputo within 60 days
of                ,
200  ), representing approximately        % of all outstanding shares of SafeNet common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting as
of                , 200  .
Mr. Caputo is not expected to exercise any of his options prior to the effective date of the merger. Mr. Caputo also has given Cylink an irrevocable proxy authorizing Cylink to vote his
shares in favor of adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement. See the section titled "
The Voting Agreements
" beginning on page 107 of this proxy statement/prospectus for more information about
this voting agreement. 

 Cylink.  

        The Cylink Board of Directors has fixed                , 200  as the record date for determining
the Cylink shareholders who are entitled to notice
of and to vote at the special meeting. Only Cylink 

shareholders of record at the close of business on the record date will receive notice of, and be entitled to vote at, the special meeting of Cylink shareholders. 

        At
the close of business on the record date, there were                shares of Cylink common stock outstanding and entitled to a vote, held
by                record holders. The
number of record holders does not include shares held in "street name" by brokers. A majority of these shares must be represented, in person or by proxy, at the Cylink special meeting in order to
constitute a quorum. A quorum must be present before a vote can be taken on the approval of the merger agreement, or any other matter except adjournment or postponement of the meeting due to the
absence of a quorum. Abstentions, but not shares held in Cylink's treasury, will be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at the Cylink special meeting. 

        Each
share of Cylink common stock entitles its holder to cast one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at the Cylink special meeting. For the merger to be approved under California
law and Cylink's articles of incorporation, at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Cylink common stock on the record date must be voted for the approval of the merger agreement and the
merger. In the event that shareholders are asked to vote on a proposal to adjourn or postpone the Cylink special meeting to permit solicitation of additional proxies, approval of that proposal would
require the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the shares of Cylink common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting. 

        As
of                , 200  , the record date for the Cylink shareholders special meeting, Directors and executive officers of Cylink beneficially
owned                of the
outstanding shares of Cylink common stock, which represented approximately    % of the shares of Cylink common stock then outstanding. These Directors and executive officers, as well as
certain affiliates of Cylink and the Directors of Cylink, have executed voting agreements agreeing to approve the merger and the merger agreement. As of                ,
200  , the record
date for the Cylink shareholder special meeting, these Directors, officers and affiliates beneficially held approximately            shares of Cylink common stock (in addition to
approximately
            shares of Cylink common stock underlying options exercisable by such Directors, executive officers and affiliates within 60 days
of                , 200  ),
representing approximately        % of all outstanding shares of Cylink common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting as
of                , 200  . Except for
Mr. Crowell, Chief Executive Officer of Cylink, such Directors, executive officers and affiliates are not expected to exercise any of their options prior to the effective date of the merger.
Each of these shareholders also has given SafeNet an irrevocable proxy authorizing SafeNet to vote the shareholder's shares in favor of adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger and
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. For more information about the terms of this voting agreement, please see the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled
"
The Voting Agreements
" beginning on page 107. For more information about Mr. Crowell's anticipated exercise of Cylink options, please see 

"The MergerInterests of
Cylink's Officers and Directors in the Merger"
 beginning on page 78 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

Proxies.  

 SafeNet.  

        This proxy statement/prospectus is being furnished to SafeNet stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the SafeNet Board of Directors for
use at the special meeting of SafeNet stockholders. It is accompanied by a form of proxy card. 

        SafeNet
stockholders should complete, sign and return the proxy card if they will not be able to attend the special meeting in person. A SafeNet stockholder who submits a proxy and later
changes his or her mind as to their vote, or decides to attend the meeting in person, may revoke their proxy at any time before the vote at the SafeNet special meeting by (1) notifying the
corporate secretary of SafeNet in writing of the revocation, either by mail, by fax or by delivering such revocation in person, or 

(2) completing, signing and returning a proxy with a later date, either by mail, fax or delivery of such later proxy in person. In addition, a SafeNet stockholder may revoke a prior proxy by
attending the SafeNet special meeting and voting in person. However, mere attendance alone at the special meeting by a SafeNet stockholder who has signed a proxy, but has not provided a notice of
revocation or request to vote in person to SafeNet's Secretary, is not sufficient to revoke such stockholder's proxy. 

        All
shares of SafeNet common stock represented by properly executed proxies that SafeNet receives by mail, facsimile or in person before or at the SafeNet special meeting will, unless
the proxies are revoked, be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated thereon. If a properly executed proxy is returned but contains no voting instructions, the shares of SafeNet common
stock represented by the proxy will be voted "FOR" adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, unless the shares are held in a brokerage account. If a properly executed proxy is returned to SafeNet and the stockholder has abstained from voting
on approval and adoption of the merger agreement, the merger and the related transactions, SafeNet common stock represented by the proxy will be considered present at the special meeting for purposes
of determining a quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted in favor of adoption of the merger agreement, the merger and related transactions. In the event that SafeNet stockholders are
asked to vote on a proposal to adjourn or postpone the SafeNet special meeting to permit the solicitation of additional proxies and no directions on this proposal are indicated, proxies that indicate
a vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement will be voted "FOR" the proposal to postpone or adjourn, proxies that indicate a vote against adoption of the merger agreement will be voted
"AGAINST" the proposal to postpone or adjourn, and proxies that abstain from a vote on adoption of the merger agreement will be voted "FOR" the adjournment or postponement. 

        If
a SafeNet stockholder holds his, her or its shares of SafeNet common stock in a brokerage account, the broker holding such shares in "street name" may vote the shares only if the
stockholder provides the broker with appropriate instructions. If an executed proxy is returned to SafeNet by a broker holding shares of SafeNet common stock in street name which indicates that the
broker does not have discretionary authority to vote on adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger and related transactions, the shares will be considered present at the meeting for
purposes of determining
the presence of a quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted either in favor of, or against, adoption and approval of the merger agreement. Your broker will vote your shares only if you
provide instructions on how to vote by following the instructions provided to you by your broker. You are urged to mark the applicable box on the proxy to indicate how to vote your shares. In
addition, please note that if the shares of a SafeNet stockholder are held in "street name" by a broker, bank or other nominee, and such SafeNet stockholder wishes to vote in person at the SafeNet
special meeting, such stockholder must bring to the special meeting a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee in order to vote his, her or its shares in person. 

        SafeNet
stockholders should address written notices of revocation of proxies and other communications relating to proxies to: 

SafeNet, Inc.

8029 Corporate Drive

Baltimore, Maryland 21236

Attention: Carole D. Argo, Secretary 

Adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock to the Cylink shareholders and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
requires the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the shares of SafeNet common stock present in person or by proxy at the SafeNet special meeting. In order to ensure there is a quorum
at the special meeting, the SafeNet Board of Directors urges all SafeNet stockholders to 

complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and return it promptly in the pre-addressed, postage-paid envelope provided for that purpose. 

        SafeNet
does not expect that any matter other than adoption and approval of the merger agreement will be brought before the special meeting. If, however, other matters are properly
presented, the persons named as proxies will vote in accordance with their judgment with respect to those matters, unless authority to do so is withheld in the proxy. 

 Solicitation of SafeNet Proxies.  

        Expenses incurred in connection with the solicitation of proxies from SafeNet stockholders are estimated to be approximately $15,000 and will be borne by SafeNet.
Following the original mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus, proxies and other soliciting materials, SafeNet will request brokers, custodians, nominees and other record holders of SafeNet common
stock to forward copies of those
materials to persons for whom they hold shares of SafeNet common stock, and to request authority for the exercise of proxies. In these cases, if the record holders so request, SafeNet will reimburse
the record holders for their reasonable expenses. Directors, officers and employees of SafeNet may solicit proxies in person or by telephone, mail, facsimile or other means. These Directors, officers
and employees will not be separately compensated for soliciting proxies. 

 Cylink.  

        This proxy statement/prospectus is being furnished to Cylink shareholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Cylink Board of Directors for use
at the special meeting of Cylink shareholders. It is accompanied by a form of proxy card. 

        Cylink
shareholders should complete, sign and return the proxy card if they will not be able to attend the special meeting in person. A Cylink shareholder who submits a proxy and later
changes his or her mind as to their vote, or decides to attend the meeting in person, may revoke their proxy at any time before the vote at the Cylink special meeting by (1) notifying the
corporate secretary of Cylink in writing of the revocation, either by mail, by fax or by delivering such revocation in person, or (2) completing, signing and returning a proxy with a later
date, either by mail, by fax or by delivering such later dated proxy in person. In addition, a Cylink shareholder may revoke a prior proxy by attending the Cylink special meeting and voting in person.
However, mere attendance alone at the special meeting by a Cylink shareholder who has signed a proxy but was not provided a notice of revocation or request to vote in person, is not sufficient to
revoke such shareholder's proxy. 

        All
shares of Cylink common stock represented by properly executed proxies that Cylink receives by mail, facsimile or in person before or at the Cylink special meeting will, unless the
proxies are revoked, be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated thereon. If a properly executed proxy is returned but contains no voting instructions, the shares of Cylink common stock
represented by the proxy will be voted "FOR" approval of the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions, unless such shares are held in a brokerage account. If a properly executed proxy
is returned to Cylink and the shareholder has abstained from voting on approval of the merger agreement, the merger and the related transactions, Cylink common stock represented by the proxy will be
considered present at the special meeting for purposes of determining a quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted in favor of approval of the merger agreement, the merger and related
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. In the event that Cylink shareholders are asked to vote on a proposal to adjourn or postpone the meeting to permit the solicitation of additional
proxies and no directions on this proposal are indicated, proxies that indicate a vote in favor of approval of the merger agreement will be voted "FOR" the proposal to postpone or adjourn, proxies
that indicate a vote against approval of the merger agreement will be voted "AGAINST" the proposal to postpone or adjourn, and proxies 

that abstain from a vote on approval of the merger agreement will be voted "FOR" the adjournment or postponement. 

        If
a Cylink shareholder holds his, her or its shares of Cylink common stock in a brokerage account, the broker holding such shares in "street name" may vote the shares only if the
shareholder provides the broker with appropriate instructions. If an executed proxy is returned to Cylink by a broker holding shares of Cylink common stock in "street name" which indicates that the
broker does not have discretionary authority to vote on approval of the merger agreement, the merger and related transactions (called a "broker non-vote"), the shares will be considered
present at the meeting for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted in favor of approval of the merger agreement. Your broker will vote your
shares only if you provide instructions on how to vote by following the instructions provided to you by your broker. You are urged to mark the applicable box on the proxy to indicate how to vote your
shares. In addition, please note that if the shares of a Cylink shareholder are held in "street name" by a broker, bank or other nominee, and such Cylink shareholder wishes to vote in person at the
Cylink special meeting, such shareholder must bring to the special meeting a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee in order to vote his, her or its shares in person. 

        Cylink
shareholders should address written notices of revocation of proxies and other communications relating to proxies to: 

Cylink
Corporation

3131 Jay Street

Santa Clara, California 95054

Attention: Robert B. Fougner, Esq., Secretary 

BECAUSE APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE MERGER AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT REQUIRES THE AFFIRMATIVE VOTE OF AT LEAST A
MAJORITY OF THE CYLINK COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING AS OF THE RECORD DATE, ABSTENTIONS, FAILURES TO VOTE AND BROKER NON-VOTES WILL HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS A VOTE AGAINST APPROVAL OF THE MERGER
AGREEMENT. THE CYLINK BOARD OF DIRECTORS URGES ALL CYLINK SHAREHOLDERS TO COMPLETE, DATE AND SIGN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY AND RETURN IT PROMPTLY IN THE PRE-ADDRESSED,
POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED FOR THAT PURPOSE.

        Cylink
does not expect that any matter other than approval of the merger agreement will be brought before the special meeting. If, however, other matters are properly presented, the
persons named as proxies will vote in accordance with their judgment with respect to those matters, unless authority to do so is withheld in the proxy. 

 Solicitation of Cylink Proxies.  

        Expenses incurred in connection with the solicitation of proxies from Cylink shareholders are estimated to be approximately $33,000 and will be borne by Cylink.
Following the original mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus, proxies and other soliciting materials, Cylink will request brokers, custodians, nominees and other record holders of Cylink common
stock to forward copies of those materials to persons for whom they hold shares of Cylink common stock, and to request authority for the exercise of proxies. In these cases, if the record holders so
request, Cylink will reimburse the record holders for their reasonable expenses. Directors, officers and employees of Cylink may solicit proxies in person or by telephone, mail, facsimile or other
means. These Directors, officers and employees will not be separately compensated for soliciting proxies. In addition, Cylink may retain the services of a proxy solicitation firm to solicit proxies,
and, if retained, will bear all cost thereof. 

YOU SHOULD NOT SEND IN ANY STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH YOUR PROXIES. A TRANSMITTAL FORM WITH INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE SURRENDER OF STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR CYLINK COMMON
STOCK WILL BE MAILED TO YOU AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE AFTER COMPLETION OF THE MERGER.

Availability of Independent Auditors.  

 SafeNet.  

        Ernst & Young LLP acted as SafeNet's independent auditors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001. Representatives of Ernst & Young LLP
familiar with SafeNet are expected to attend the SafeNet special meeting and to be available to answer appropriate questions and will have an opportunity to make a statement if they should desire to
do so. 

 Cylink.  

        Deloitte & Touche LLP acted as Cylink's independent auditors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001. Representatives of Deloitte &
Touche LLP familiar with Cylink are expected to attend the Cylink special meeting and to be available to answer appropriate questions and will have an opportunity to make a statement if they should
desire to do so. 

THE MERGER    

This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes material aspects of the proposed merger, including the merger agreement and the
related agreements. While SafeNet and Cylink believe that the description covers the material terms of the merger and related transactions, this summary may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. You should read this entire document and the other documents referred to herein carefully for a more complete understanding of the merger. References in this section to "you" or
"your" refer to Cylink's shareholders.

General Description of the Merger and Conversion of Cylink Common Stock.  

        On October 30, 2002, SafeNet, Cylink and Sapphire Acquisition Corp. a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet entered into a merger agreement. The merger
agreement provides for SafeNet to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Cylink common stock by means of the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet with and into Cylink. The merger agreement
is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex A
. You are urged to read this document in its entirety. In accordance with the merger agreement
and California law, Sapphire Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owed subsidiary of SafeNet, will merge with and into Cylink. As a result of the merger, the separate corporate existence of
Sapphire Acquisition Corp. will cease and Cylink will survive the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet. 

        Upon
completion of the merger, each outstanding share of Cylink common stock, other than shares held by SafeNet and its subsidiaries, will be converted into the right to receive 0.05 of
a fully paid and nonassessable share of SafeNet common stock. The number of shares of SafeNet common stock issuable in the merger will be proportionately adjusted for any stock split, reverse stock
split, stock dividend, recapitalization, redenomination of share capital or other similar transactions with respect to Cylink common stock or SafeNet common stock that takes place between the date of
the merger agreement and the completion of the merger. No certificate or scrip representing fractional shares of SafeNet common stock will be issued in connection with the merger. Instead, any holder
of Cylink common stock who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of SafeNet common stock by virtue of the merger will receive cash equal to the product of (1) the
fraction of a share to which the holder is entitled multiplied by (2) the closing sale price of one share of SafeNet common stock on the Nasdaq National Market (as reported in the Wall Street
Journal or, if not reported therein, any other authoritative source) on the trading day immediately before the effective date of the merger, rounded to the nearest whole cent, less any amount required
to be withheld under foreign, federal, state or local tax laws. 

Background of the Transaction.  

        The terms, conditions and other provisions of the merger agreement are the result of arm's length negotiations conducted among representatives of Cylink and
SafeNet. The following is a summary of the meetings, negotiations and discussions between the parties that preceded entering into the merger agreement. 

        General.
    The following is a description of the existing and historical business relationship between
Cylink and SafeNet, and a description of the material aspects of the proposed merger and related transactions, including the merger agreement and certain other agreements entered into in connection
therewith. This section of the proxy statement/prospectus also discusses additional contacts, meetings and negotiations that representatives of Cylink had with other interested parties. While Cylink
and SafeNet believe that the following description covers the material terms of the merger and the related transactions, the description may not contain all of the information that is important to
you. You should carefully read this entire proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents we refer to herein for a more complete understanding of the merger and the related transactions. 

        Historical Background.
    Since 1995, both Cylink and SafeNet have developed technologies that enable
Virtual Private Networks, or VPNs, to protect their customers' communications over "shared networks," such as the Internet. SafeNet's VPN technology and product offerings include software and hardware
products, dedicated solutions and embedded technology for the OEM market. Among other products, Cylink offers its customers a high speed hardware VPN encryption device, the NetHawk, for their
enterprise networks. 

        In
September 2000, SafeNet and Cylink executed an OEM software license agreement which authorized Cylink to offer SafeNet's "SoftPK" software product to Cylink's customers. This
OEM agreement was the foundation for a successful business relationship between Cylink and SafeNet that allowed Cylink's customers to deploy the SafeNet "SoftPK" software product for secure access to
their VPN networks protected by Cylink's NetHawk product. The success of the OEM agreement led Cylink and SafeNet to further exploratory discussions concerning other, complementary solutions that
could be created by a combination of the parties' products and technologies. On several occasions during 2000 and 2001, SafeNet's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony Caputo, contacted
Cylink's President and Chief Executive Officer, William Crowell, to discuss their respective businesses and the state of the network security industry as a whole. 

        Following
the general market downturn and a period of reduced demand for Cylink's networking products in late 2000, Cylink commenced a substantial restructuring of its business
operations and product lines in a sustained effort to achieve a positive or even cash flow performance. As part of this
restructuring process, in April 2001 Cylink sold its Virginia based consulting business, Security Design International, and in August 2001 divested its controlling interest in its
Israeli subsidiary, Algorithmic Research, Ltd. 

        Also
as part of its restructuring efforts, Cylink engaged First Analysis Securities Corporation, or First Analysis, as its financial advisor under a letter agreement dated
March 16, 2001. Cylink authorized First Analysis to explore opportunities relating to a sale of Cylink's Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) business unit. On May 31, 2001 First Analysis
contacted SafeNet regarding its interest in a purchase of Cylink's PKI unit and offered to provide preliminary background information on the opportunity. At SafeNet's request, First Analysis submitted
a "no names" descriptive summary on the PKI business to SafeNet on June 7, 2001. 

        At
a special meeting of Cylink's Board of Directors held on June 27, 2001, the Cylink Board discussed various reasons why a sale of the entire company rather than just the PKI
division would be preferable to maximize shareholder value. The Cylink Board then authorized Cylink's management to expand First Analysis' engagement and authorized First Analysis to determine the
level of market interest in, and the potential valuation for, a sale of the company. By a letter dated July 2, 2001, Cylink amended its original engagement agreement with First Analysis to
broaden the scope of their engagement to seek an acquisition of Cylink Corporation. 

        Initial Discussions.
    On July 3, 2001, First Analysis discussed with Mr. Caputo,
SafeNet's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the expanded scope of their engagement with Cylink, and forwarded to SafeNet a non-disclosure agreement. On July 5, 2001 SafeNet and
Cylink executed the non-disclosure agreement, and, over the next two weeks, First Analysis held numerous discussions with both Mr. Caputo and SafeNet's Chief Financial Officer,
Carole Argo. SafeNet then agreed to schedule a meeting with Cylink's senior management in Santa Clara, California. 

        At
a regularly scheduled meeting of SafeNet's Board of Directors held on July 11, 2001, the SafeNet Board discussed various strategic alternatives for growing the company's
business, including a possible acquisition of Cylink's business. 

        On
July 23 and 24, 2001, Mr. Caputo, Ms. Argo and Mr. Michael Kaplan, SafeNet's Chief Technology Officer, met at the Santa Clara Marriott Hotel for several
hours with Mr. Crowell, as well 

as Cylink's Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer, R. Chris Chillingworth, and Cylink's Vice President and General Counsel, Robert Fougner, and a representative of First Analysis.
Additionally, the parties conducted a brief tour of Cylink's Santa Clara facilities. SafeNet and Cylink each described their current efforts to improve the efficiency of their operations, and
discussed the complementary nature of their various products and sales channels. Following this meeting, on July 25, 2001, Mr. Crowell received a telephone call from one of SafeNet's
Directors, Thomas Brooks, expressing SafeNet's interest in proceeding with further discussions about a possible business combination between the companies. At a regularly scheduled meeting of
SafeNet's Board of Directors
held on August 8, 2001, the SafeNet Board discussed a possible acquisition of Cylink and instructed SafeNet's management to continue discussions with Cylink's representatives. However, on
September 19, 2001, the SafeNet Board met again telephonically and discussed concerns regarding an increase in Cylink's market capitalization. The SafeNet Board then decided to suspend active
negotiations regarding a business combination between the two companies. 

        During
the period beginning in July 2001 and continuing through November 2001, representatives of Cylink also engaged in numerous discussions with a number of other
publicly traded and private entities interested in exploring the possibility of acquiring all of Cylink's businesses. These parties included a defense oriented contractor, one other provider of both
commercial and government network security products, a provider of both enterprise and personal network security and anti-virus products, and a privately owned investment group. Although
these third parties entered into non-disclosure agreements with Cylink, except as described in the following paragraph below, none of these discussions progressed beyond the preliminary
stage or resulted in any of the parties making an offer to acquire Cylink. Additionally, other third parties received and/or executed non-disclosure agreements in connection with a
potential sale of Cylink's businesses during this time, but did not enter into discussions or negotiations with Cylink. 

        By
letter dated October 25, 2001, Cylink received a written indication from a public company in the network security business of its interest in making an offer to acquire Cylink.
The interested party was one of the parties that had entered into a non-disclosure agreement with Cylink during the July 2001 through November 2001 period. The letter
discussed an offer to exchange the interested party's publicly traded common stock in exchange for all outstanding shares of Cylink at a conversion rate based on the then current market values of both
companies' stock. The proposed exchange ratio implied a valuation of Cylink of approximately $26,000,000. Cylink's Chairman of the Board, Leo Guthart, circulated this indication of interest among all
of Cylink's Directors. At a regularly scheduled meeting of Cylink's Board of Directors on October 26, 2001, representatives of First Analysis discussed the offer and presented their analysis of
this opportunity. During the Board meeting one of Cylink's Directors expressed the opinion that the terrorist attack on September 11, 2001 had increased market awareness for security and
network security products in general, and questioned whether Cylink should continue seeking potential acquirors for the company. The Board authorized Cylink's management to continue negotiations with
the interested party on the condition that Cylink seek a higher valuation. On November 1, 2001, Mr. Crowell, Mr. Guthart and another Cylink Director, Elwyn Berlekamp, along with
other members of Cylink's management team and representatives of First Analysis, conducted a lengthy telephone conference with representatives of the interested party to discuss the potential future
value of Cylink's stock in light of recent events and to determine whether the interested party would continue negotiations within a valuation range that the Cylink Board believed more appropriate.
The interested party declined to make a revised offer within a range acceptable to the Cylink Board and the parties discontinued their negotiations. 

        During
the fourth quarter of 2001, the market value of Cylink's stock continued to strengthen and Cylink was completing its restructuring plan and appeared to be able to achieve a
break-even cash flow position. Therefore, Cylink engaged in fewer discussions with third parties concerning a potential sale of Cylink. Based on Cylink's performance at the time, at a
regularly scheduled meeting of Cylink's 

Board of Directors held on February 8, 2002, the Directors' unanimously approved a resolution instructing Cylink's management to terminate First Analysis' engagement. 

        The Current SafeNet Offer.
    During the first half of 2002, Cylink and SafeNet maintained their
business relationship, including discussions concerning an upgrade to Cylink's existing OEM license to SafeNet's SoftPK product. On February 21, 2002, Mr. Crowell and Mr. Caputo
met at an industry trade show. Neither Mr. Caputo nor Mr. Crowell had any substantive discussions concerning any potential corporate transactions between the two companies during the
trade show. 

        On
July 5, 2002, at SafeNet's request, Cylink and SafeNet executed a written extension of the non-disclosure agreement that had been entered into between the companies
in July 2001. On July 10, 2002, Ms. Argo of SafeNet contacted Mr. Chillingworth of Cylink and requested an update on Cylink's recent financial performance. This SafeNet
request was followed by an inquiry from SafeNet on July 22, 2002, concerning the status of the class action securities litigation pending against Cylink. On July 25, 2002,
Mr. Chillingworth received a telephone call from Ms. Argo in which she conveyed SafeNet's continued interest, as discussed at a regularly scheduled SafeNet Board meeting held on
July 22, 2002, in a possible business combination with Cylink. 

        Between
July 25, 2002 and July 31, 2002, additional telephone discussions were conducted among SafeNet's and Cylink's respective counsel and representatives concerning the
pending Cylink litigation. On July 31, 2002, Mr. Caputo orally conveyed to Mr. Crowell the basis on which SafeNet was prepared to make an offer to acquire Cylink.
Mr. Caputo told Mr. Crowell that SafeNet was prepared to offer SafeNet common stock for all of Cylink's outstanding common stock at an exchange ratio of 0.0413. Later in the afternoon of
July 31, 2002, Cylink received a letter from SafeNet confirming its expression of interest in a business combination on the terms Mr. Caputo had discussed with Mr. Crowell. 

        On
August 1, 2002, at a regularly scheduled meeting of Cylink's Board of Directors, the SafeNet offer letter was presented to the Board and the offer was discussed. The Directors
approved a resolution forming a Special Committee of the Cylink Board of Directors to negotiate with SafeNet the final consideration to be received by Cylink's shareholders in the event of a business
combination between Cylink and SafeNet, and appointed Mr. Guthart and Howard Morgan to be the members of the Special Committee. The Board also authorized Cylink's management to engage in due
diligence with SafeNet, prepare and negotiate an appropriate acquisition agreement (subject to the final approval of the Board of Directors), and retain outside counsel to assist in the conduct of due
diligence and negotiation of an acquisition agreement with SafeNet. The Board also approved a resolution authorizing Cylink's management to retain First Analysis to evaluate the fairness to Cylink's
shareholders of any proposed corporate transaction with SafeNet, with such amendment being executed on August 7, 2002. The Board also authorized Cylink's management and the Special Committee,
subject to the Board of Directors' final approval, to take such further and necessary action to prepare for a possible corporate transaction with SafeNet. The Cylink Board of Directors unanimously
approved the above resolutions and actions, however, Mr. Crowell abstained from the above vote on the advice of counsel in order to avoid any appearance of a conflict of interest between the
Directors' decision to enter into negotiations with SafeNet and certain provisions in Mr. Crowell's employment contract with Cylink (for a further discussion of Mr. Crowell's interests
in the merger, please see "
The MergerInterests of Cylink's Officers and Directors in the Merger
" beginning on page 78 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.) After the Cylink
Board meeting, Mr. Crowell conveyed the results of the Board meeting in a telephone discussion with Mr. Caputo. 

        On
August 5, 2002, a member of the Cylink Special Committee, Mr. Guthart, met with Mr. Caputo and Ms. Argo to discuss SafeNet's businesses and operations.
Mr. Guthart also discussed the value of the consideration to be received by Cylink's shareholders under SafeNet's original proposal. After consultation with First Analysis and the other Special
Committee member, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Guthart submitted a counter offer to SafeNet by letter dated August 14, 2002, and expressed 

Cylink's belief that an exchange ratio of 0.077 would be more appropriate. Mr. Guthart discussed Cylink's counter offer with Ms. Argo the following day, August 15, 2002. 

        On
August 16, 2002, Mr. Caputo sent a written proposal to Mr. Guthart offering an exchange ratio of 0.046. Mr. Guthart responded by letter to SafeNet dated
August 20, 2002, and offered to negotiate a compromise between the parties' proposed exchange ratios. On August 21, 2002, Mr. Guthart and Mr. Caputo discussed the parties'
proposed exchange ratios by telephone and agreed that Cylink and SafeNet would commence due diligence and negotiation of a definitive acquisition agreement based on an agreement in principal of an
exchange ratio of 0.050 shares of SafeNet common stock for each share of Cylink common stock, subject to the results of the parties mutual due diligence. On August 23, 2002, Cylink and SafeNet
executed an exclusivity letter in which Cylink agreed not to solicit any other proposals for the acquisition of Cylink until September 30, 2002. 

        During
the period from August 27, 2002 through October 30, 2002, Cylink, SafeNet and their respective representatives, general counsels and outside legal counsel
participated in extensive due diligence and negotiations with respect to the terms of the merger agreement and the other related transaction documents. These negotiations covered all aspects of the
transaction, including, among other things, the representations and warranties made by the parties, the restrictions on the conduct of Cylink's business, the conditions to completion of the proposed
merger, the provisions regarding termination, the details of the "no shop" clause agreed to by Cylink, the amount, triggers and payment of the termination fees and the consequences of termination and
the delivery and terms of voting agreements and irrevocable proxies. During this period of negotiations with SafeNet, Cylink also agreed to extensions of the exclusivity letter from
September 30, 2002 until October 17, 2002, October 25, 2002 and November 1, 2002, respectively. 

Cylink Board Meetings.  

        October 8, 2002 Cylink Board Meeting.
    On October 8, 2002, Cylink's Board of Directors
held a special telephonic meeting to review the status of negotiations over the proposed agreement with SafeNet. Cylink's outside legal counsel, Morrison & Foerster LLP described the exchange
ratio, SafeNet's request
for waivers by the officers and Directors of certain provisions in their existing indemnification agreements with Cylink, Cylink's obligations to refrain from soliciting competing offers, the
Directors' fiduciary rights and duties to consider superior offers, the amount of directors' and officers' insurance to be purchased by the surviving corporation on the Directors and officers behalf,
and SafeNet's and Cylink's rights to terminate the agreement in the event of a "material adverse effect," prior to close. Mr. Chillingworth also reported on the status of his renegotiation of
Cylink's lease of its principal offices in Santa Clara, California, in accordance with SafeNet's demand that Cylink restructure its leasehold obligations prior its acquisition by SafeNet. During the
course of the Board meeting and upon the recommendation of the Cylink Special Committee, the Cylink Board of Directors resolved that, subject to the final approval of the Board of Directors, Cylink's
management should complete all negotiations regarding the definitive acquisition agreement and other matters relating to the acquisition and should take all other steps necessary to execute a final
acquisition agreement with SafeNet. 

        October 22, 2002 Cylink Board Meeting.
    Cylink's Board of Directors met again telephonically on
October 22, 2002 to review the status of the SafeNet negotiations with Cylink's management. Mr. Crowell and Mr. Chillingworth discussed with the Board the status of the
negotiations with SafeNet and Cylink's progress on re-negotiating the Santa Clara lease. Following the Board meeting, also on October 22, 2002, Mr. Guthart,
Mr. Crowell and Mr. Chillingworth held a telephone conference call with Cylink's Santa Clara landlord to assess the feasibility of entering into a timely resolution of Cylink's
restructured leasehold requirements such that the definitive acquisition agreement could be executed by the parties in accordance with SafeNet's request. 

        October 30, 2002 Cylink Board Meeting.
    On October 30, 2002, Cylink's Board of Directors
met again telephonically to discuss and approve the final version of a definitive acquisition agreement proposed by SafeNet for the reorganization of the two companies. The Cylink Directors discussed
and considered an overview of Cylink's activities over 2001 and the first 10 months of 2002 with respect to possible business combinations and other strategic transactions with third parties
other than SafeNet. The Board discussed that during 2001 and 2002, members of Cylink's Board and management, as well as representatives of First Analysis, had approached other third parties regarding
a potential business combination with Cylink. However, due to the lack of interest expressed by these other parties, or such parties' inability or unwillingness to consider a transaction structure
acceptable to the Cylink Board, these discussions did not progress beyond the preliminary stage and did not result in offers either to or from these other parties. The Cylink Board discussed that,
with respect to the one indication of interest Cylink received in October 2001, the Directors did not believe the consideration offered by such party provided adequate value for Cylink's
shareholders at the time it was proposed. 

        After
discussing Cylink's past efforts in soliciting a business combination partner, the Cylink Board discussed the merits of the transaction with SafeNet. The Cylink Board believed that
SafeNet (1) presented the most attractive partner for a business combination as compared to other industry participants that Cylink had approached; (2) possessed both the compelling
product strategy and the critical mass necessary to achieve success with Cylink as a combined entity; and (3) provided a product focus that is strongly aligned with the direction in which the
Cylink Board felt the security industry is rapidly moving and that is complementary to Cylink's products. In discussing the merits of the SafeNet
transaction, the Cylink Directors also considered the potential difficulties Cylink might face in continuing to pursue an independent growth strategy, including the following: 


Cylink's
prolonged history of losses and its inability to maintain operations on a cash flow, break-even basis and the lack of sufficient capital
to continue operating at a loss, as well as Cylink's potential inability to raise additional capital or obtaining additional financing on reasonable or acceptable terms without significant dilution to
its shareholders;


Cylink's
declining financial performance and its results on customer relations;


The
potential delisting of its common stock by Nasdaq; and


The
slow recovery of the network equipment and network security markets for Cylink's products. 

        Cylink's
outside legal counsel then discussed with the Cylink Board members their fiduciary duties in considering the merger and other applicable legal principles in the context of
business combination transactions. Cylink's outside legal counsel also discussed with the Board the timing of the proposed merger and the material terms of the merger agreement and other transaction
documents, including the proposed exchange ratio, closing conditions, termination rights, termination fees and the ability of Cylink to consider alternative proposals. 

        Also
at the October 30, 2002 Cylink Board meeting, First Analysis made a financial presentation and delivered its oral opinion to the Cylink Board of Directors that, based upon
and subject to the assumptions, limitations and other considerations set forth in its written opinion to the Cylink Board of Directors, as of October 29, 2002, the exchange ratio of 0.050
shares of SafeNet common stock to be received for each share of Cylink common stock was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of Cylink common stock. For a more detailed discussion of
First Analysis' opinion, you should review the sections entitled "
The MergerOpinion of First Analysis Securities Corporation
" beginning on
page 62 of this proxy statement/prospectus, and the text of First Analysis' opinion attached to this document as 
Annex C
. First Analysis delivered its
presentation and oral opinion at the beginning of the Board meeting and immediately removed itself from the remainder of the Board meeting and discussions. Following the presentation of First
Analysis, the Board reviewed the strategic, business and financial merits of the proposed transaction and further discussed the timing of the proposed transaction with 

SafeNet. The Cylink Board of Directors then reviewed and discussed the principal terms of the proposed merger, including among other things the proposed exchange ratio and merger consideration,
closing conditions, termination rights, termination fees and the ability of Cylink to consider alternative proposals. 

        After
such deliberations, at the October 30, 2002 Board meeting, the Cylink Directors by unanimous approval: 


Determined
that the merger agreement and merger were advisable, and fair to and in the best interests of Cylink and its shareholders;


Approved
the merger, the merger agreement, the voting agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby;


Resolved
to recommend that shareholders of Cylink vote in favor of adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger;


Resolved
to call a special meeting of Cylink shareholders to adopt and approve the merger agreement and to approve the merger; and


Authorized
the Chief Executive Officer and other senior officers of Cylink to execute, on behalf of Cylink, the merger agreement and such other documents
that such officers find necessary or advisable in their sole discretion, together with any changes, deletions, additions and alterations such officers approve consistent with the resolutions of the
Cylink Board of Directors. 

        Further,
at the October 30, 2002 Board meeting, Cylink Directors authorized Cylink's officers to enter into an amended lease agreement with its Santa Clara landlord as well as to
execute an amendment to Mr. Crowell's employment agreement with Cylink. The amendments to the lease and Mr. Crowell's employment contract were conditions for SafeNet entering into the
merger transaction with Cylink, and a prerequisite for Cylink's shareholders to realize the benefits of the merger. 

        Although
Mr. Crowell approved the merger and the merger agreement at the October 30, 2002 Cylink Board meeting, he abstained from voting on aspects of the proposed
transaction with SafeNet that affected his employment and severance arrangements with Cylink. The changes to Mr. Crowell's employment and severance arrangements are discussed in more detail in
the section entitled 
"The MergerInterests of Cylink's Officers and Directors in the Merger,"
 beginning on page 78 of this proxy
statement/prospectus. 

Cylink's Reasons for the Merger.  

        The Boards of Directors of SafeNet and Cylink believe the combined strengths of the two companies will enable them to compete more effectively than either can
compete alone. The merger is expected to allow the combined company to grow its base of government and commercial customers, enhance its product line, expand its international sales and provide
broader technology and expertise to its customers. 

        Specifically,
the Cylink Board of Directors believes that the merger will have the following benefits for Cylink and its shareholders: 


The
value of the consideration that Cylink shareholders will receive for their Cylink common stock represents a premium over recent and historical prices of
Cylink common stock, and SafeNet common stock, which has a much larger market capitalization than Cylink common stock, provides greater liquidity to Cylink shareholders, and could prove to be less
volatile;


The
combination of Cylink and SafeNet will result in strategic advantages to the combined company, stemming in part from complementary expertise, that may
result in greater growth of the combined company than the two companies might achieve operating independently; 


The
ability of SafeNet's management to recover quickly from the current market decline on capital spending in the information technology markets and to grow
the revenue of SafeNet during such decline from the addition of both new customers and the introduction of new products, and SafeNet's ability to integrate Cylink's VPN and management technology into
SafeNet's products and solutions;


Based
on Cylink's experience, the merger with SafeNet represents the transaction most favorable to the Cylink shareholders that has been or is likely to be
presented to Cylink, after a sustained effort by Cylink's management and Directors to invite similar transactions over the past fifteen month period;


The
merger is the best and most viable alternative to continue Cylink's operations;


The
two companies have significant complementary strengths and complementary products, services and solutions and SafeNet's capability of integrating
Cylink's VPN and management technology into SafeNet's products and solutions;


SafeNet's
market capitalization, broader suite of products and services, and historical revenue growth has the potential to provide Cylink with additional
resources to grow and gain market share more rapidly than Cylink can grow as an independent company;


Receipt
of SafeNet common stock provides the further opportunity for Cylink's shareholders to participate in the future growth in value of the combined
company as stockholders of SafeNet following the merger and allows Cylink shareholders to participate in any appreciation in the price of SafeNet common stock whether prior to or after the time of the
merger;


The
combined company's potential to leverage global presence in sales, support and alliances through SafeNet's extensive sales force, strong service
organization and the combined company's developed customer bases; and


The
likelihood that the merger will result in a combined company with significantly greater financial, technological, and human resources to develop new
products and acquire new technologies. 

        Consideration of the Merger by Cylink's Board of Directors.
    After careful consideration, the Cylink
Board of Directors unanimously concluded that the merger agreement and the merger are advisable, and fair to and in the best interests of Cylink and its shareholders, and unanimously recommends that
Cylink shareholders approve the merger agreement and the merger. This decision was based upon a number of potential benefits that the Cylink Board of Directors believes will contribute to the success
of the combined company compared to Cylink continuing to operate as an independent business, including those reasons discussed above. 

        In
identifying these benefits and evaluating the merger, the Cylink Board of Directors considered a number of factors and sources of information, including the following: 


Historical
information concerning Cylink and SafeNet and their respective businesses, financial performance, condition, operations, technology, management
and position in the industry, and information and evaluations regarding the two companies' strengths, weaknesses and prospects, both before and after giving effect to the merger;


The
reports and presentations of Cylink's outside legal counsel regarding the terms of the transaction, the financial presentations of Cylink's financial
advisor, First Analysis, and First Analysis' oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed by delivery of its written opinion dated October 30, 2002 (which is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as 
Annex C
), that, based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and other considerations set forth in the 

opinion,
as of October 29, 2002, the exchange ratio of 0.05 was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Cylink common stock, other than SafeNet and its affiliates; 


Current
financial market conditions and historical market prices, volatility and trading information for Cylink common stock and SafeNet common stock, and
various factors that might affect the market value of SafeNet common stock in the future;


The
premium represented by the exchange ratio and the premiums paid in other recent transactions that could be viewed as comparable, and the negotiations
between Cylink and SafeNet relating to the exchange ratio;


The
alternatives available to Cylink and the history of contacts with other parties concerning their possible interest in a business combination with Cylink;


The
terms of the merger agreement and related agreements, by themselves and in comparison to the terms of other transactions, and the intensive negotiations
between SafeNet and Cylink, including their negotiations relating to the details of the conditions to the parties' obligations to complete the merger, the parties' termination rights, the termination
fee that Cylink may be required to pay SafeNet in certain circumstances, and the voting agreements;


The
ability of Cylink to entertain "superior proposals" pursuant to specific terms of the merger agreement; and


The
conditions to the closing of the merger, and the provisions of the merger agreement concerning what will, and will not, constitute a "material adverse
effect" allowing a party not to complete the merger. 

        The
Cylink Board of Directors also identified and considered a number of risks and uncertainties in its deliberations concerning the merger, including the following: 


The
fact that the exchange ratio is fixed and will not change with increases or decreases in the market price of either company's stock before the closing of
the merger, and the possibility that the dollar value of a share of Cylink stock at the closing of the merger may be more or less than the dollar value of a share of Cylink stock at the signing of the
merger agreement;


Cylink
shareholders will receive shares of SafeNet common stock in the transaction rather than cash, and the market value of SafeNet common stock may decline
following consummation of the merger;


The
risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger may not be fully realized, if at all;


The
possibility that the merger may not be consummated and the effect of the public announcement of the merger on Cylink's sales, customer relations and
operating results and Cylink's ability to attract and retain key management, marketing and technical personnel;


The
risk that despite the efforts of the combined company, key technical, marketing and management personnel might not choose to remain employed by the
combined company;


The
risk of market confusion and hesitation and potential delay or reduction in orders;


The
fact that pursuant to the merger agreement, Cylink is required to obtain SafeNet's consent before it can take a variety of actions between the signing
and the closing of the merger; and


Various
other risks associated with the businesses of Cylink, SafeNet and the combined company and the merger described under the section entitled
"
Risk Factors
" beginning on page 22 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

        The
Cylink Board of Directors concluded, however, that many of these risks could be managed or mitigated by Cylink, SafeNet or by the combined company or were unlikely to have a material
impact 

on the merger or the combined company, and that, overall, the risks, uncertainties, restrictions and potentially negative factors associated with the merger were outweighed by the potential benefits
of the merger. 

        The
above discussion of information and factors considered by Cylink's Board of Directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but is believed to include all material factors considered by
the Cylink Board. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by Cylink's Board of Directors, the Board did not find it practicable to quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the
specific factors considered. In addition, Cylink's Board did not reach any specific conclusion on each factor considered, or any aspect of any particular factor, but conducted an overall analysis of
these factors. Additionally,
individual members of Cylink's Board may have given different weight to different factors in determining to approve the merger with SafeNet. 

        Although
the Cylink Board of Directors believes the merger could have the benefits described above, both companies caution that there can be no assurance that any of these benefits will
be achieved and the failure to achieve one or more of these benefits may have a material adverse effect on the combined company's business, results of operations and financial condition. See
"
Risk Factors
" beginning on page 22 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

        FOR
THE REASONS DISCUSSED ABOVE, THE CYLINK BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER AND HAS DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER
ARE ADVISABLE, AND FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF CYLINK AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS, AND UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT CYLINK'S SHAREHOLDERS VOTE TO APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER. 

Opinion of First Analysis Securities Corporation.  

        Pursuant to an engagement letter dated March 16, 2001, and amended July 2, 2001 and August 7, 2002, Cylink retained First Analysis Securities
Corporation, or First Analysis, to deliver financial advisory services and render a fairness opinion in connection with a proposed acquisition of Cylink by SafeNet, Inc. At the meeting of
Cylink's Board of Directors on October 30, 2002, First Analysis rendered its oral opinion to the Board of Directors, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of October 29,
2002 and based upon and subject to the various considerations set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio to be paid to Cylink's common shareholders in the Merger was fair, from a financial point of
view, to Cylink's common shareholders. Cylink's Board of Directors did not limit First Analysis in any way in the investigations it made or the procedures it followed in giving its opinion. 

        Attached
as 
Annex C
 to this proxy statement/prospectus is the full text of First Analysis's written opinion dated October 29, 2002.
This opinion sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and limits on the review undertaken. Cylink's common shareholders are urged to read the opinion in its entirety. First Analysis
addressed its opinion to Cylink's Board of Directors. The opinion addresses only the exchange ratio to be paid in the transaction and is not a recommendation to any Cylink common shareholder as to how
that common shareholder should vote at Cylink's special meeting of common shareholders. 

        In
arriving at its opinion set forth below, First Analysis has, among other things: 

(1)
Reviewed
the terms of the merger agreement and the associated exhibits thereto in the form of the draft received by First Analysis via electronic mail on October 25, 2002 from
Cylink management which,
for the purposes of this opinion, was assumed, with Cylink's permission, to be identical in all material respects to the agreement to be executed;

(2)
Reviewed
the Non-binding Indication of Interest Regarding a Potential Transaction executed by both Cylink and SafeNet on August 23, 2002; 

(3)
Reviewed
Cylink's Annual Report and Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, including the audited financial statements included therein, the
Definitive Proxy Statement and Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Cylink dated April 12, 2002, and Cylink's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30,
2002, including the unaudited financial statements included therein;

(4)
Reviewed
SafeNet's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, including the audited financial statements included therein, the Definitive Proxy
Statement and Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders of SafeNet dated April 25, 2002, and SafeNet's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2002, including
the unaudited financial statements included therein;

(5)
Reviewed
Cylink press releases from March, 2001 to present;

(6)
Reviewed
Cylink's Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2002 pertaining to its application to move from the Nasdaq National Market to the Nasdaq SmallCap Market;

(7)
Reviewed
Cylink's Form 8-K filed on October 9, 2002 pertaining to its move from the Nasdaq National Market to the Nasdaq SmallCap Market;

(8)
Reviewed
the potential de-listing notification letter from the NASDAQ to Cylink dated June 27, 2002;

(9)
Noted
an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt as to Cylink's ability to continue as a going concern, in the opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors
to Cylink, on the Consolidated Financial Statements in Cylink's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001;

(10)
Reviewed
certain internal financial and operating information, including financial forecasts and projections for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2002 through
December 31, 2007, relating to the business, earnings, cash flow, assets and prospects of Cylink;

(11)
Conducted
discussions with members of the management of Cylink concerning the operations, business strategy, financial performance and prospects for Cylink;

(12)
Discussed
with the management of Cylink its view of the strategic rationale for the Merger;

(13)
Reviewed
the historical market prices and trading activity of the common stock of Cylink;

(14)
Reviewed
the historical market exchange ratios between the individual shares of common stock of Cylink and SafeNet;

(15)
Compared
the results of Cylink with that of certain public companies which First Analysis deemed to be reasonably comparable to Cylink;

(16)
Compared
the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms of certain other precedent mergers and acquisitions of companies First Analysis deemed to be comparable to Cylink;

(17)
Performed
a discounted cash flow analysis of the projected free cash flows of Cylink on a stand-alone basis, based on projections provided by Cylink management; and

(18)
Reviewed
such other financial studies and analyses and performed such other investigations and took into account such other matters as First Analysis deemed appropriate for purposes
of this opinion, including its assessment of general economic, market, industry, competitive, monetary and other conditions. 

        First
Analysis relied upon and assumed, without responsibility for independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information that was publicly available or that was
furnished to First 

Analysis by Cylink or otherwise reviewed by First Analysis. First Analysis is not responsible or liable for that information or its accuracy. First Analysis has not conducted any valuation or
appraisal of any assets or liabilities of Cylink, nor have any valuations or appraisals been provided to First Analysis. In
relying on financial analyses and forecasts provided to it, First Analysis has assumed that they have been reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best currently available estimates
and judgments by management as to the expected future results of operations and financial condition of Cylink to which those analyses or forecasts relate. First Analysis has also assumed that the
transaction will have the tax consequences described in discussions with, and materials furnished to First Analysis by, representatives of Cylink and that the parties will complete the transaction and
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement as described in the merger agreement. The management of Cylink prepared the projections furnished to First Analysis for Cylink. First Analysis
relied as to all legal matters relevant to rendering its opinion upon the advice of its independent counsel. 

        As
is customary in the rendering of fairness opinions, First Analysis based its opinion on general economic, market, industry, competitive, monetary and other conditions as in effect on,
and the information made available to First Analysis as of, the date of its opinion. Subsequent developments may affect First Analysis's opinion, and First Analysis does not have any obligation to
update, revise or reaffirm its opinion. 

        In
preparing and rendering its opinion, in line with instructions from Cylink's management, First Analysis has not undertaken the following: 

(1)
Advised
or made recommendation as to the course of action undertaken or to be undertaken by Cylink's Board of Directors and management;

(2)
Participated
in direct negotiations and advised as to the structure of the contemplated transaction;

(3)
Approached
any other potential acquirors, since being re-engaged on August 7, 2002, to explore additional third-party interest in a potential acquisition of Cylink;

(4)
Reviewed
the pro forma impact on SafeNet of a potential combination with Cylink;

(5)
Discussed
projected financial or business information relating to SafeNet with representatives of SafeNet;

(6)
Reviewed
or advised on the financial and business prospects of either SafeNet or the combined company going forward; and

(7)
Completed
any evaluation on whether the SafeNet/Cylink combination will be profitable post-merger, or whether the combined businesses of the two companies can be easily
integrated, or whether the stock price of SafeNet shares post-merger will rise or fall. 

        In
accordance with customary investment banking practice, First Analysis employed generally accepted valuation methods in reaching its opinion. The following is a summary of the material
financial analyses that First Analysis utilized in providing its opinion, and to the extent that it is based on market data, is based on market data as it existed at October 28, 2002, and is
not necessarily indicative of current market conditions. 

 Summary of Analysis.  

        Implied Transaction Multiples and Premiums Analysis.
    First Analysis calculated the implied offer price for Cylink as a result
of the merger to be $1.00 for each share of Cylink common stock by multiplying the exchange ratio of 0.050x by SafeNet's closing price per share of $20.00 on October 28, 2002. First Analysis
calculated the implied equity value of Cylink that will be paid in the merger, using the treasury stock method, to be $34.4 million by multiplying the implied offer price per share for 

Cylink's common stock by the total number of shares outstanding, including net shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants. The shares outstanding calculation also included an
assumed warrant to be issued in connection with the lease restructuring. First Analysis then calculated the implied enterprise value of Cylink as a result of the merger to be $28.1 million by
adding net debt and subtracting net cash and equivalents to the implied equity value. The implied enterprise value calculation assumed an additional $3.2 million cash payment to be made prior
to closing in connection with the lease restructuring. 

        Using
the implied enterprise value of $28.1 million, implied equity value of $34.4 million and implied equity per share price of $1.00 per common share, First Analysis
calculated the following implied Enterprise Value multiples of the latest twelve months (LTM) revenue, run rate revenue (calculated by multiplying the revenue amount for the quarter ended
September 30, 2002 by four), projected fiscal year 2002 revenue and projected fiscal year 2003 revenue; implied equity multiples of both book value and tangible book value (defined as book
value less intangibles); and implied respective per share equity premiums based on the market closing date of October 28, 2002: 

LTM Revenue

0.84x

Book Value

    1.46x

Run Rate Revenue

0.99x

1 Day Spot Premium

143.90%

FY 2002 Revenue

0.97x

1 Week Spot Premium

163.16%

FY 2003 Revenue

0.62x

4 Week Spot Premium

138.10%

Tangible Book Value

2.36x

        Exchange Ratio Analysis.
    Using publicly available information, First Analysis calculated the average premium to historical
exchange ratio for Cylink common shares over certain trading periods ending October 28, 2002. The average exchange ratio for a relevant period was calculated by dividing the daily closing stock
price of Cylink by the daily closing stock price of SafeNet for the relevant period and averaging them over such period, while the premium to exchange ratio was determined by comparing the average
exchange ratio over certain periods to the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.050x. The resulting average premium to historical exchange ratio for the periods up to and including October 28,
2002, were as follows: 

Exchange Ratio

Premium

1 Day Spot Exchange Ratio

.021x

143.90%

1 Week Spot Exchange Ratio

.021x

133.62%

4 Week Spot Exchange Ratio

.026x

93.33%

1 Week Average Exchange Ratio

.020x

149.35%

2 Week Average Exchange Ratio

.021x

139.51%

1 Month Average Exchange Ratio

.024x

109.54%

2 Months Average Exchange Ratio

.026x

89.21%

3 Months Average Exchange Ratio

.027x

86.70%

6 Months Average Exchange Ratio

.043x

16.33%

        First
Analysis observed that the proposed exchange ratio in the merger of 0.050x exceeded the historical implied exchange ratios during all of the above-mentioned time periods. 

        Public Comparables Trading Analysis.
    First Analysis compared selected financial data of Cylink with certain financial data
from publicly traded security and network equipment and systems companies considered by First Analysis to be comparable in some respect to Cylink. Criteria for inclusion in the comparison group, or
the Comparable Companies, included, among many factors, per share stock price, equity market capitalization, mix of sales attributed to security and/or network equipment and systems, and Cylink's
primary product and customer base. Eight security and network equipment and systems companies were ultimately chosen as comparable companies (Comparable Companies). The 

Comparable Companies chosen were: Aladdin Knowledge Systems, Ltd.; Entrust Technologies, Inc.; Netegrity, Inc.; Paradyne Networks, Inc.; Rainbow Technologies, Inc.;
RSA Security Inc.; Tumbleweed Communications Corporation; and Valicert, Inc. 

        For
the Comparable Companies, First Analysis calculated the Enterprise Value (defined as equity market capitalization plus net debt) and analyzed this value as a multiple of run rate
revenue (calculated by multiplying the revenue amount for the latest reported quarter by four), projected current year (2002) and projected forward year (2003) revenue for the Comparable Companies.
Estimated revenue figures were based on published research analyst reports. Such reports include projections compiled by research analysts utilizing only publicly available information and may or may
not prove to be accurate. First Analysis's analysis indicated multiples of run rate revenue that ranged from a high of 0.83x to a low of 0.21x, with a median value of 0.56x; multiples of projected
current year (2002) revenue that ranged from a high of 0.81x to a low of 0.16x, with a median value of 0.53x; and multiples of projected forward year (2003) revenue that ranged from a high of 0.78x to
a low of 0.12x, with a median value of 0.40x. Additionally, First Analysis compared the equity value (defined as current stock price multiplied by fully diluted shares outstanding) of the Comparable
Companies as a multiple of the most recently reported quarter's tangible book value (defined as shareholders equity less the value of any intangible assets). First Analysis's analysis indicated
multiples of tangible book value ranged from a high of 3.09x to a low of 0.29x, with a median value of 1.47x. 

        For
run rate revenue, First Analysis applied the above-mentioned multiples to projected revenue of $28.4 million in order to determine Cylink's implied equity value. The multiples
implied an equity value for Cylink of $12.3 to $30.0 million, or $0.36 to $0.87 per common share. For the current year (2002), First Analysis applied the above-mentioned multiples to projected
revenue of $29.1 million in order to determine Cylink's implied equity value. These multiples implied an equity value for Cylink of $11.0 to $29.8 million, or $0.32 to $0.87 per common
share. For the projected forward year (2003), First Analysis applied the above-mentioned multiples to projected revenue of $45.0 million in order to determine Cylink's implied equity value.
These multiples implied an equity value for Cylink of $11.8 to $41.5 million, or $0.34 to $1.20 per common share. For tangible book value, First Analysis applied the above-mentioned multiples
to tangible book value of $14.6 million in order to determine Cylink's implied equity value. These multiples implied an equity value for Cylink of $4.2 to $45.1 million, or $0.12 to
$1.31 per common share. In aggregate, the Public Comparables Trading Analysis implied equity values ranging from $4.2 to $45.1 million, or $0.12 to $1.31 per common share. First Analysis noted
the implied equity value to be paid for all of Cylink's common shares and stock options and warrants outstanding as of the closing date of $34.4 million, or $1.00 per common share, was either
higher than or within this range. 

        Precedent Transactions Analysis.
    First Analysis reviewed the following seven selected merger and acquisition transactions
(the "Precedent Transactions") in the security, networking equipment, telecommunications equipment and systems, and electronics industry since January of 2000: (1) Avocent Corporation's
acquisition of Equinox Systems, Inc.; (2) Danaher Corporation's acquisition of Microtest, Inc.; (3) Digi International, Inc.'s acquisition of
NetSilicon, Inc.; (4) Eastman Kodak Company, Inc.'s acquisition of ENCAD, Inc.; (5) LM Ericsson Telefon's acquisition of Microwave Power Devices, Inc.;
(6) Paradyne Networks Corporation's acquisition of Elastic Networks, Inc.; and (7) Robert Bosch GmbH's acquisition of Detection Systems, Inc. Criteria for inclusion in the
analysis included, among many factors, primary products and markets of the acquired company, mix of sales attributed to hardware and software systems, publicly held target company and transaction
values between $5.0 and $150.0 million. First Analysis compared the transaction value (defined as market value of equity plus net
debt) of the acquired company as a multiple of LTM Revenue and the equity value as a multiple of Book Value. First Analysis's analysis of the transaction value of the Precedent Transactions indicated
multiples of LTM Revenue ranging from a high of 3.20x to a low of 0.30x, with a 

median value of 1.40x, while the equity value of Precedent Transactions indicated equity multiples of Book Value that ranged from a high of 3.00x to a low of 0.50x, with a median value of 1.00x. 

        For
the Precedent Transactions, First Analysis applied Cylink's LTM revenue of $33.6 million to the above-mentioned multiples in order to determine Cylink's implied equity value.
The multiples implied an equity value for Cylink of $16.4 to $113.9 million, or $0.48 to $3.31 per common share. First Analysis also applied Cylink's Book Value of $23.6 million to the
above-mentioned multiples in order to determine Cylink's implied equity value. The multiples implied an equity value for Cylink of $11.8 to $70.7 million, or $0.34 to $2.05 per common share. 

        First
Analysis also considered the premiums offered relative to the acquired company's stock price one day, one week and four weeks, respectively, prior to the announcement of the seven
Precedent Transactions, all of which were acquisitions of publicly traded companies. The premium offered in these Precedent Transactions ranged from (1) a high of 94.05% to a low of 8.11% with
a median of 43.33% based on the stock price one day prior to announcement, (2) a high of 120.87% to a low of 15.48% with a median of 44.72% based on the stock price one week prior to
announcement, and (3) a high of 171.67% to a low of 16.00% with a median of 57.48% based on the stock price four weeks prior to announcement. Applying these premiums to (a) Cylink's
closing stock price one day prior to the announcement of the Merger implied an equity value ranging from $15.3 to $27.4 million, or $0.44 to $0.80 per common share; (b) Cylink's closing
stock price one week prior to the announcement of the Merger implied an equity value ranging from $15.1 to $28.9 million, or $0.44 to $0.84 per common share; and (c) Cylink's closing
stock price four weeks prior to the announcement of the Merger implied an equity value ranging from $16.8 to $39.3 million, or $0.49 to $1.14 per common share. In aggregate, the Precedent
Transactions Analysis of both multiples and premiums offered implied equity values ranging from $11.8 to $113.9 million, or $0.34 to $3.31 per common share. First Analysis noted the implied
equity value to be paid for all of Cylink's common shares and stock options and warrants outstanding as of the closing date of $34.4 million, or $1.00 per common share, was either above or
within this range. 

        Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.
    First Analysis prepared a discounted free cash flow analysis based on financial projections
for Cylink provided by Cylink management and reviewed by First Analysis as to the assumptions and reasonableness of those projections. First Analysis calculated the estimated free cash flows of Cylink
based on the unleveraged operating income adjusted for (1) taxes at 40%; (2) certain projected non-cash items (e.g., depreciation and amortization); (3) projected
capital expenditures; and (4) changes in working capital. First Analysis then calculated a net present value of free cash flows for Cylink for the fiscal years ended 2002 through 2007, along
with terminal values based on (a) free cash flow growth into perpetuity and (b) multiples of 2007 projected EBITDA (defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization). Free cash flow for fiscal year 2002 only reflected projected free cash flow for the quarter ending December 31, 2002, due to the timing of the announcement. The analysis
utilizing discount rates ranging from 21.0% to 25.0% and free cash flow perpetuity growth rates ranging from 8.00% to 11.00% implied equity values ranging from $23.3 to $36.7 million, or $0.68
to $1.07 per common share. The analysis utilizing discount rates ranging from
21.0% to 25.0% and EBITDA multiples ranging from 2.00x to 5.00x implied equity values ranging from $23.8 to $49.4 million, or $0.69 to $1.43 per common share. Both aforementioned discounted
cash flow analyses reflect the assumed cash impact relating to the proposed lease restructuring. In aggregate, the Discounted Cash Flow Analysis implied equity values ranging from $23.3 to
$49.4 million, or $0.68 to $1.43 per common share. First Analysis noted the implied equity value to be paid for all of Cylink's common shares and stock options and warrants outstanding as of
the closing date of $34.4 million, or $1.00 per common share, was within this range. 

        Although First Analysis undertook other analyses in connection with the delivery of its opinion, the foregoing is a summary of the material analyses and data presented by First Analysis.
It should be noted that no company utilized in the Public Comparables Trading Analysis is identical to Cylink, nor are any of the transactions utilized in the Precedent Transactions Analysis identical
to the proposed Cylink transaction. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analyses or summary description. First Analysis believes
that you must consider its opinion, this summary and its analyses as a whole. Selecting portions of this summary and these analyses, without considering the analyses as a whole, could create an
incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses and opinion. In arriving at its opinion, First Analysis considered the results of all of the analyses as a whole. No single factor or analysis
was determinative of First Analysis's fairness determination. Rather, the totality of the factors considered and analyses performed operated collectively to support its determination. First Analysis
based the analyses on assumptions that it deemed reasonable, including assumptions concerning general business and economic conditions which impact growth rates, labor costs and price competition and
industry-specific factors. First Analysis's analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or actual future results that Cylink might achieve, which values may be higher or lower than those
indicated. First Analysis's analyses also do not necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold. Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are inherently
uncertain, as they are subject to numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties and their advisors. Accordingly, these forecasts and analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual
future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by those analyses. Therefore, none of Cylink, First Analysis or any other person assume responsibility if future
results are materially different from those forecasted. 

        First
Analysis received a fee for rendering its fairness opinion. First Analysis will also receive an additional advisory fee, with such fee being contingent upon closing of the Merger.
In addition, Cylink has agreed to indemnify First Analysis against certain liabilities arising out of its engagement. First Analysis has also, from time to time, provided investment banking and other
financial services to Cylink for which First Analysis has received compensation, including advising Cylink on the acquisition of Celotek Corporation in August 2000. As a part of its investment
banking business, First Analysis and its affiliates are continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers, acquisitions and other transactions,
investments for passive and control purposes, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, and valuations for estate, corporate and other
purposes. First Analysis was selected to advise Cylink with respect to the transaction on the basis of its experience and familiarity with Cylink. First Analysis is not affiliated with and has no
conflicts of interest with any parties to the Merger Agreement. In the ordinary course of their businesses, First Analysis and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity securities of
Cylink and/or SafeNet for their own accounts or for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, they may hold long and/or short positions in those securities at any given time. 

        THE
FULL TEXT OF FIRST ANALYSIS'S OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITS ON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN, IS ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS 
ANNEX C
 AND IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. FIRST ANALYSIS'S OPINION IS ADDRESSED ONLY TO THE CYLINK BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
IS DIRECTED ONLY TO THE EXCHANGE RATIO TO BE RECEIVED IN THE MERGER BY THE HOLDERS OF CYLINK COMMON SHARES AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION AS TO HOW YOU SHOULD VOTE AT THE CYLINK SPECIAL
MEETING. 

SafeNet Board Meetings.  

        July 22, 2002 SafeNet Board Meeting.
    At a regularly scheduled meeting of SafeNet's Board of
Directors held on July 22, 2002, the SafeNet Board discussed the merits of a potential acquisition of Cylink. The SafeNet Board determined that management should continue discussions with
representatives of Cylink. 

        October 18, 2002 SafeNet Board Meeting.
    At a regularly scheduled meeting of SafeNet's Board of
Directors held on October 18, 2002, the SafeNet Board discussed the terms of the merger, the merger agreement and the related agreements and transactions. In addition to discussing the terms of
the merger agreement and the merits of the transaction, the SafeNet Directors also discussed the status of certain issues relating to Cylink, including the following: 


The
proposed restructuring of Cylink's lease with its Santa Clara landlord;


The
proposed settlement of the class action litigation against Cylink; and


Proposed
changes in certain compensation arrangements of executive officers of Cylink. 

        SafeNet's
outside legal counsel then discussed with the SafeNet Board members their fiduciary duties in considering the merger and other applicable legal principles in the context of
business combination transactions. SafeNet's outside legal counsel also discussed with the Board the timing of the proposed merger and the material terms of the merger agreement and other transaction
documents, including the proposed exchange ratio, closing conditions, termination rights, and termination fees. 

        Also
at the October 18, 2002 SafeNet Board meeting, Pacific Growth Equities made a financial presentation and delivered its oral opinion to the SafeNet Board of Directors that,
based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and other considerations set forth in its written opinion to the SafeNet Board of Directors, the merger was fair from a financial point of view
to the holders of SafeNet common stock. For a more detailed discussion of Pacific Growth Equities' opinion, you should review the sections entitled "
The
MergerOpinion of Pacific Growth Equities, Inc.
" beginning on page 72 of this proxy statement/prospectus, and the text of Pacific Growth Equities' opinion
attached to this document as 
Annex D
. Pacific Growth Equities delivered its presentation and oral opinion at the beginning of the Board meeting and
immediately removed itself from the remainder of the Board meeting and discussions. 

        After
such deliberations, at the October 18, 2002 Board meeting, the SafeNet Directors unanimously approved the merger, the merger agreement, and the other agreements and
transactions contemplated thereby, subject to the following conditions: 


The
restructuring of Cylink's lease with its Santa Clara landlord in accordance with the terms presented to the Board at the meeting;


The
settlement of class action litigation against Cylink substantially in accordance with the terms presented to the Board at the meeting; and


The
agreement of the executive officers of Cylink to the changes in their compensation arrangements presented to the Board at the meeting. 

        October 30, 2002 SafeNet Board Meeting.
    At a special meeting of SafeNet's Board of Directors
held on October 30, 2002, the SafeNet Board met telephonically to discuss the final terms of the merger, the merger agreement and the related agreements and transactions. SafeNet's outside
legal counsel provided the Board with an update regarding the terms of the merger agreement and the status of the issues discussed at the October 18, 2002 Board meeting. SafeNet's outside legal
counsel then discussed with the SafeNet Board members their fiduciary duties in considering the merger and other applicable legal principles in the context of business combination transactions. 

        Also
at the October 30, 2002 Board meeting, management informed the Board that it had met with representatives of Pacific Growth Equities on October 29, 2002 and that
Pacific Growth Equities had confirmed in writing its oral opinion delivered to the Board at the October 18, 2002 Board meeting that the merger was fair from a financial point of view to the
holders of SafeNet common stock. 

        After
such deliberations, at the October 30, 2002 Board meeting, the SafeNet Directors by unanimous approval: 


Determined
that the merger agreement and merger were advisable, and fair to and in the best interests of SafeNet and its stockholders;


Approved
the merger, the merger agreement, the voting agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby;


Resolved
to recommend that stockholders of SafeNet vote in favor of adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger; and


Authorized
the Chief Executive Officer and other senior officers of SafeNet to execute, on behalf of SafeNet, the merger agreement and such other documents
that such officers find necessary or advisable in their sole discretion, together with any changes, deletions, additions and alterations such officers approve consistent with the resolutions of the
SafeNet Board of Directors. 

SafeNet's Reasons for the Merger.  

        The Boards of Directors of SafeNet and Cylink believe the combined strengths of the two companies will enable them to compete more effectively than either can
compete alone. The merger will allow the combined company to grow its base of government and commercial customers, enhance its product line, expand its international sales and provide broader
technology and expertise to its customers. Specifically, the SafeNet Board of Directors believes that the merger will have the following benefits for SafeNet and its stockholders: 


The
merger is expected to enhance the combined company's revenues from government and financial institution customers;


The
merger is expected to expand the combined company's international customer base;


The
merger is expected to enable the combined company to leverage a broader product base in order to more effectively target and pursue opportunities
resulting from increased government spending on information technology security;


The
combined company is expected to achieve significant operating efficiencies going forward;


The
merger is expected to allow the combined company to offer new and existing customers a single-source vendor for a broad range of VPN and WAN security
solution; and


The
merger is expected to enable the combined company to more effectively innovate and rapidly bring products to market, as well as respond to changes in
technology and the needs of customers. 

        SafeNet's
Board of Directors has determined that the merger is in the best interests of SafeNet and its stockholders. In reaching its determination, SafeNet's Board of Directors
considered a number of factors, including the factors discussed above and listed below. The conclusions reached by SafeNet's Board of Directors with respect to the following factors supported its
determination that the merger 

and the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock in the merger were fair to, and in the best interests of, SafeNet and its stockholders: 


The
judgment, advice and analysis of SafeNet's management with respect to the potential strategic, financial and operational benefits of the merger,
including management's favorable recommendation of the merger, based in part on the business, technical, financial, accounting and legal due diligence investigations performed with respect to Cylink;


The
results of operations and financial condition of SafeNet and Cylink;


The
terms of the merger agreement and related agreements, including the exchange ratio and structure, which were determined by both the Board of Directors
and management of SafeNet to provide a fair and equitable basis for the merger;


The
likelihood that the merger will result in a combined company with significantly greater financial, technological, and human resources to develop new
products and acquire new technologies; and


The
reports and presentations of SafeNet's outside legal counsel regarding the terms of the transaction, the financial presentations of SafeNet's financial
advisor, Pacific Growth Equities, and Pacific Growth Equities' oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed by delivery of its written opinion dated October 29, 2002 (which is attached to
this proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex D
), that, based upon
and subject to the assumptions, limitations and other considerations set forth in the opinion, as of October 29, 2002, the exchange ratio of 0.05 was fair, from a financial point of view, to
the holders of SafeNet common stock. 

        SafeNet's
Board of Directors also considered a number of potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger. The potentially negative factors considered by SafeNet's
Board of Directors included: 


The
risk that the transaction might not be completed in a timely manner or at all;


The
potential dilutive effect on the SafeNet common stock price if revenue and earnings expectations of the combined company are not met;


The
risk that the combined company would not achieve the expected operating efficiencies and, as a result, would not be able to reduce its losses;


The
potential loss of key Cylink employees critical to the ongoing success of the Cylink products and to the successful integration of the SafeNet and Cylink
product lines;


The
risk that SafeNet will not be able to sublease out the excess office space that Cylink is obligated to lease;


The
risk that the settlement agreement for the class action litigation against Cylink will not receive final approval from the court;


The
general difficulties of integrating products, technologies and companies; and


The
other risks and uncertainties discussed above in the section titled "
Risk Factors
" beginning on page 22
of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

        The
above discussion of information and factors considered by SafeNet's Board of Directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but is believed to include all material factors considered by
the Board. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by SafeNet's Board of Directors, the Board did not find it practicable to quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific
factors considered. In
addition, SafeNet's Board did not reach any specific conclusion on each factor considered, or any aspect of any particular factor, but conducted an overall analysis of these factors. 

        Individual
members of SafeNet's Board may have given different weight to different factors. However, after taking into account all of the factors described above, SafeNet's Board of
Directors determined that the merger agreement and the merger were fair to, and in the best interests of, SafeNet and that SafeNet should proceed with the merger. 

Opinion of Pacific Growth Equities, Inc.  

        SafeNet retained Pacific Growth Equities, Inc. to evaluate the terms of the merger with Cylink and render an opinion as to the fairness of the proposed
merger, from a financial point of view, to the holders of common stock of SafeNet. On October 18, 2002, Pacific Growth Equities rendered its oral opinion to the SafeNet Board of Directors that,
as of that date and subject to the assumptions and limitations set forth in its opinion, the merger is fair from a financial point of view to SafeNet's common stockholders. Subsequent to that date,
Pacific Growth Equities brought down its procedures and on October 29, 2002 met with management and confirmed its earlier oral opinion in writing. 

        THE
FULL TEXT OF PACIFIC GROWTH EQUITIES' WRITTEN OPINION DATED OCTOBER 29, 2002, WHICH SETS FORTH THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED, AND LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN, IS
ATTACHED AS ANNEX D TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. THIS SUMMARY IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF SUCH OPINION. HOLDERS
OF SAFENET COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO, AND SHOULD, READ THIS OPINION CAREFULLY IN ITS ENTIRETY. THE ENGAGEMENT OF PACIFIC GROWTH EQUITIES AND ITS OPINION ARE FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE SAFENET BOARD OF
DIRECTORS ONLY AND ITS OPINION WAS DELIVERED TO THE SAFENET BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS CONSIDERATION OF THE MERGER. PACIFIC GROWTH EQUITIES' OPINION ADDRESSES ONLY THE FAIRNESS OF THE
MERGER CONSIDERATION FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, TO SAFENET, AND IT DOES NOT ADDRESS THE RELATIVE MERITS OF THE MERGER, ANY OTHER POTENTIAL TRANSACTION OR BUSINESS STRATEGY CONSIDERED BY THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS OR ANY BENEFITS THAT MAY INURE TO ANY PARTICULAR STOCKHOLDER. PACIFIC GROWTH EQUITIES' OPINION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY HOLDER OF SAFENET COMMON STOCK AS TO HOW TO VOTE
WITH RESPECT TO THE MERGER. 

        In
connection with the Pacific Growth Equities opinion, Pacific Growth Equities: 


Reviewed
the merger agreement;


Reviewed
certain publicly available financial information and other information concerning SafeNet and Cylink and certain internal analyses and other
information furnished to it by SafeNet and Cylink; and


Held
discussions with the members of senior management of SafeNet and Cylink regarding the current and historical conditions and operating results of the
businesses and prospects of the respective companies and the joint prospects of a combined company. 

        In
addition, Pacific Growth Equities: 


Reviewed
the historical reported prices and trading activity for SafeNet common stock and Cylink common stock;


Compared
certain financial information for both SafeNet and Cylink with similar information for selected companies whose securities are publicly traded;


Compared
certain stock market information and valuations to SafeNet and Cylink with similar information for certain companies whose securities are publicly
traded; 


Analyzed
information about prices paid in acquisitions of other networking and communications software companies between January 1, 2001 and
October 29, 2002; and


Performed
such other studies and analyses and considered such other factors as it deemed appropriate. 

        In
conducting its review and arriving at its opinion, Pacific Growth Equities assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy, completeness and fairness of the
information furnished to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with it for the purposes of rendering its opinion, including, but not limited to, the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial
and other information provided to Pacific Growth Equities by or on behalf of SafeNet and Cylink and all publicly available financial and other information. With respect to financial projections,
forecasts and other forward looking
statements provided to Pacific Growth Equities and used in any analysis, Pacific Growth Equities has assumed that such information was prepared in good faith and was based on reasonable estimates and
represents SafeNet's and Cylink's best judgment as to future performance. Pacific Growth Equities assumed, with the consent of SafeNet, that the merger would qualify for purchase accounting treatment
and as a tax-free transaction for the stockholders of SafeNet for federal income tax purposes, and that the merger would be consummated in accordance with the terms of the merger
agreement, without any amendment thereto and without waiver by SafeNet or Cylink of any of the conditions to their respective obligations under the merger agreement. Pacific Growth Equities also
assumed that all material governmental, regulatory and other consents and approvals that are necessary for the completion of the merger will be obtained without a material adverse effect on SafeNet or
Cylink or on the contemplated benefits of the merger. Pacific Growth Equities was not requested to and did not make an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets of SafeNet or Cylink nor was
Pacific Growth Equities furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals. The Pacific Growth Equities opinion is based on market, economic and other conditions as they existed and could be evaluated
as of the date of the opinion letter. 

        The
following is a summary of the material analyses performed and factors considered by Pacific Growth Equities in connection with rendering the Pacific Growth Equities opinion. Some of
the financial analyses summarized below include information presented in tabular form. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. In order to better
understand the financial analyses performed by Pacific Growth Equities, these tables must be read together with the text of each summary. 

        Historical Financial Position.
    In rendering its opinion, Pacific Growth Equities reviewed and analyzed the historical
financial position of SafeNet and Cylink, which included: 


An
assessment of each of SafeNet's and Cylink's recent financial statements; and


An
analysis of each of SafeNet's and Cylink's revenue, growth and operating performance trends. 

        Enterprise Value.
    Pacific Growth Equities calculated the implied offer price for Cylink as a result of the merger to be $0.95
for each share of Cylink common stock by multiplying the exchange ratio of 0.05 by SafeNet's closing price per share of $19.02 on October 29, 2002. Pacific Growth Equities calculated the
implied equity value of Cylink that will be paid in the merger to be $35.0 million by multiplying the implied offer price per share by the total number of shares outstanding, including net
shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options. Pacific Growth Equities then calculated the implied enterprise value of Cylink as a result of the merger to be $26.3 million by adding net
debt and subtracting net cash and equivalents and cash from the proceeds from the exercise of the options. 

        Comparable Company ValuationCurrent Trading Multiples.
    Pacific Growth Equities compared selected financial data
and ratios for Cylink to the corresponding financial data and ratios of a group of 

selected publicly traded comparable companies. These companies were: Symantec Corporation; CheckPoint Software Technologies Ltd.; Network Associates, Inc.; VeriSign, Inc.;
Internet Security Systems, Inc.; Entrust, Inc.; RSA Security Inc.; Secure Computing Corporation; VASCO Data Security International, Inc.; NetScreen
Technologies, Inc.; SonicWALL, Inc.; WatchGuard Technologies, Inc.; SafeNet, Inc.; Rainbow Technologies, Inc.; hi/fn, inc.; and Datakey, Inc. 

        Pacific
Growth Equities analyzed the selected comparable company's enterprise value as multiples of 2001 actual and 2002 and 2003 forecasted calendar year end revenue as compared to
Cylink's enterprise value resulting from the merger and found that the multiples for Cylink resulting from the merger are within the range of Cylink's comparable company enterprise value to revenue
multiples. 

        The
following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples implied by the ratio of enterprise value to revenue for the comparable companies compared to the multiples
resulting for Cylink in the merger. The financial information used in connection with the analysis provided below was derived from publicly available information. The information in the table is based
on the closing price of SafeNet and Cylink common stock on October 29, 2002. 

Enterprise Value as a Ratio of

Comparable Range

Trimmed

Average

Multiple Implied

by Transaction

for Cylink

2001 Revenue

-0.4x - 7.3x

2.1x

0.5x

2002 Revenue

-0.5x - 6.0x

1.7x

0.9x

2003 Revenue

-0.5x - 5.4x

1.5x

0.8x

        Although
the selected companies were used for comparison purposes, none of those companies is directly comparable to Cylink. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of such a comparison
is not purely mathematical, but instead involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in historical and projected financial and operating characteristics of the selected
companies and other factors that could affect the public trading value of the selected companies to which they are being compared. 

        Comparable Merger and Acquisition TransactionsMultiples Analysis.
    Pacific Growth Equities analyzed the
enterprise value paid in previous acquisition transactions in the networking software, communications software and other similar technology industry announced or completed since January 1, 2001
through October 29, 2002 as a multiple of last twelve month, or LTM, Revenue, Book Value and Total Assets. 

        Pacific
Growth Equities reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of 49 representative acquisition transactions. The 49 selected transactions, in chronological
order of public announcement, were: Vicinity Corp / Microsoft CorpOctober 22, 2002, Starbase Corp / Borland Software CorpOctober 9, 2002, Interlinq Software
Corp / Harland Financial SolutionsAugust 6, 2002, SilverStream Software Inc. / Novell Inc.June 10, 2002, SignalSoft Corp / Openwave
Systems Inc.May 29, 2002, Datum Inc. / SymmetriCom Inc.May 23, 2002, ONTRACK Data International /
Kroll Inc.April 2, 2002, Elantec Semiconductor / Intersil Corp.March 8, 2002, TRW Inc. / Northrop Grumman Corp.February 22,
2002, OTG Software Inc. / Legato Systems Inc.February 20, 2002, Talarian Corp. / TIBCO Software Inc.January 5, 2002, Elastic
Networks Inc. / Paradyne Networks Inc.December 28, 2001, Alpha Industries / Conexant Systems Inc.-Wireless, December 17, 2001, IKOS Systems Inc.
/ Mentor Graphics Corp., December 7, 2001, Conestoga Enterprises Inc. / D&E Communications Inc., November 21, 2001, NetSilicon Inc. / Digi International,
October 30, 2001, PRI Automation Inc. / Brooks Automation Inc., October 24, 2001, Zengine Inc. / MCSi Inc., October 5, 2001, Sage Inc. / Genesis
Microchip Inc., September 28, 2001, Illuminet Holdings Inc. / VeriSign Inc., September 24, 2001, Luminet Inc. / MRV Communications Inc.,
September 13, 2001, Data Critical Corp. / GE Medical Systems, July 19, 2001, On2com Inc. / RealNetworks Inc., July 18, 2001, SCI Systems Inc. / Sanmina Corp.,
July 16, 2001, Microware Systems 

Corp. / RadiSys Corp., July 2, 2002, Microtest Inc. / Fluke Networks, June 13, 2001, Remedy Corp. / Peregrine Systems Inc., June 11, 2001, Juno Online
Services Inc. / Netzero Inc., June 7, 2001, C-bridge Internet Solutions / Excelon Corp., May 23, 2001, Unigraphics Solutions Inc. / Electronic Data
Holdings PLC, May 23, 2001, Sawtek Inc. / TriQuint Semiconductor Inc., May 15, 2001, Proxicom Inc. / Dimension Data Holdings PLC, May 7, 2001, Telemate Net
Software Inc. / Verso Technologies Inc., May 7, 2001, Proxicom Inc. / Compaq Computer Corp., April 26, 2001, Exigent International Inc. / Harris Corp.,
April 3, 2001, Interland Inc. / Micron Electronics Inc., March 23, 2001, CUseeMe Networks Inc. / First Virtual Communications, March 22, 2001, Kent
Electronics Corp. / Avnet Inc., March 22, 2001, Sequoia Software Corp. / Citrix Systems Inc., March 21, 2001, Cambridge Technology Partners / Novell Inc.,
March 12, 2001, Extended Systems Inc. / Palm Inc., March 6, 2001, Siliconix Inc. / Vishay Intertechnology Inc, March 5, 2001, Efficient Networks Inc. /
Siemens Information and Communications Group, February 22, 2001, Agile Software Corp. / Ariba Inc., January 29, 2001, Command Systems Inc. / ICICI Infotech Inc.,
January 26, 2001, Netopia Inc. / Proxim Inc., January 23, 2001, WebTrends Corp. / NetIQ Corp., January 17, 2001, Allaire Corp. / Macromedia Inc.,
January 16, 2001, and Xircom Inc. / Intel Corp., January 15, 2001. 

        Pacific
Growth Equities compared the multiples for the target companies in the selected transactions to the multiples implied for Cylink in the merger and found that the multiples
implied for Cylink in the merger are within the range of comparable company merger and acquisition multiples. 

        The
following table presents, for the periods indicated, the multiples for the target companies in the selected transactions as compared to the multiple implied for Cylink in the merger. 

Enterprise Value as a Ratio of

Comparable Range

Trimmed

Average

Multiple Implied

by Transaction

for Cylink

LTM Revenue

0.2x - 47.7x

3.5x

0.8x

Book Value

0.1x - 11.2x

3.0x

1.1x

Total Assets

0.1x -  9.1x

2.0x

0.7x

        All
multiples for these comparable transactions were based on public information available at the time of the announcement of such transaction, without taking into account specific
market and other conditions during the period during which these comparable transactions occurred. 

        Comparable Merger and Acquisition TransactionsPremiums Paid Analysis.
    Pacific Growth Equities analyzed the
premium of the offer price over the trading prices one trading day, one week and four weeks prior to the announcement date of the 49 selected transactions. 

        Pacific
Growth Equities compared the premiums for the target companies in the selected transactions to the premiums implied for Cylink in the merger and found that the premiums implied
for Cylink in the merger are within the range of comparable company merger and acquisition premiums. 

        The
following table presents, for the periods indicated, the premiums for the target companies in the selected transactions compared to the premiums implied for Cylink in the merger. The
information in the table is based on the closing price of SafeNet and Cylink common stock on October 29, 2002. 

Premiums Paid to Stock Price

Comparable Range

Trimmed

Average

Premium Implied

in Transaction

One Day Prior to Announcement

  -6.7% - 243.8%

49.2%

137.8%

One Week Prior to Announcement

 3.3% - 261.4%

59.3%

147.5%

Four Weeks Prior to Announcement

-53.3% - 264.1%

65.9%

136.4%

        All
premiums for these comparable transactions were based on public information available at the time of the announcement of such transaction, without taking into account specific market
and other conditions during the period during which these comparable transactions occurred. 

        Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.
    Pacific Growth Equities performed an analysis comparing the exchange ratios provided for
in the merger with the historical exchange ratios for Cylink common stock and SafeNet common stock. The historical exchange ratios were calculated by dividing the average per share closing prices of
Cylink common stock by the average per share closing prices of SafeNet common stock on October 29, 2002 and during the 7 day, 15 day, 30 day, 60 day, 90 day,
120 day, 180 day and 1 year trailing average ended October 29, 2002. The table below illustrates the ratios for those periods and the premium or discount implied by the
exchange ratio in the merger to those historical exchange ratios. 

Stock Prices

Implied

Historical

Exchange Ratio

@ no Premium

Premium/

Discount %

to Implied

Exchange Ratio

Trading Days

SafeNet

Cylink

Implied Deal Metrics

$

19.020

$

0.951

0.050

7 Day Trailing Average:

$

18.856

$

0.384

0.020

145.3%

15 Day Trailing Average:

$

17.013

$

0.381

0.022

123.4%

30 Day Trailing Average:

$

16.215

$

0.402

0.025

101.6%

60 Day Trailing Average:

$

17.392

$

0.454

0.026

91.5%

90 Day Trailing Average:

$

16.836

$

0.551

0.033

52.9%

120 Day Trailing Average:

$

15.892

$

0.607

0.038

30.8%

180 Day Trailing Average:

$

15.221

$

0.891

0.059

-14.5%

1 Year Trailing Average:

$

15.154

$

1.332

0.088

-43.1%

Current-Share Price as of October 29, 2002

$

19.020

$

0.400

0.021

137.8%

        Contribution Analysis.
    Pacific Growth Equities analyzed the revenue and gross profit contribution of SafeNet and Cylink to
the combined entity as compared to SafeNet's and Cylink's percentage ownership of the combined company resulting from the merger. Pacific Growth Equities analyzed the revenue and gross profit
contribution of SafeNet and Cylink for the following periods: (1) the latest reported twelve months, or LTM, (2) estimated calendar year 2002, and (3) estimated calendar year
2003. This analysis was based upon the historical and projected financial results of SafeNet and Cylink obtained from SafeNet's and Cylink's management. 

        We
note in our analysis that SafeNet's percentage ownership of the combined company resulting from the exchange ratio is greater than its respective financial contribution for the given
periods indicated. 

        The
following table presents the SafeNet financial contribution to the combined entity as compared to its percentage ownership resulting from the merger. 

SafeNet Financial Contribution to Combined Company

LTM - 2003 Projected

Contribution Range

Trimmed

Average

% Ownership

Implied by

Transaction

Revenue

44.1% - 59.6%

52.3%

84.0%

Gross Profit

45.5% - 60.3%

54.0%

84.0%

        Analysis of Discounted Cash Flow.
    Pacific Growth Equities performed a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate the present
value of the unlevered free cash flows that Cylink could generate during fiscal years 2002 through 2006. The range of estimated terminal values was calculated by applying enterprise value to revenue
terminal value multiples ranging from 1.1x to 1.9x to Cylink's 

projected 2006 revenue. The present value of the cash flows and terminal values was calculated using discount rates ranging from 5% to 15% which were selected based on the estimated industry weighted
average cost of capital. This analysis was based upon assumptions and projections supplied by and discussions held with the management of SafeNet and Cylink. Utilizing this methodology, the implied
enterprise value of Cylink ranged from $11.0 million to $55.2 million. We note in our analysis that the enterprise value of Cylink implied in the merger is within the range of enterprise
values based on the discounted cash flow for Cylink. Because the discounted terminal value accounted for such a high percentage of the discounted present value of Cylink, Pacific Growth Equities did
not ascribe significance to this analysis in reaching its opinion. 

        While
the foregoing summary describes analyses and factors that Pacific Growth Equities deemed material in its presentation to SafeNet's Board of Directors, it is not a comprehensive
description of all analyses and factors considered by Pacific Growth Equities
.
 To the extent that any quantitative information set forth in this opinion
is based on market data or internal financial forecasts prepared by the management of SafeNet or Cylink, such quantitative information is based on such market data and financial forecasts as they
existed at or about October 29, 2002 and is not necessarily indicative of current conditions. Each analysis has inherent strengths and weaknesses and the nature of the available information may
further affect the value of a particular analysis. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of
financial analysis and the applications of these methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to summary description or partial analysis. Pacific
Growth Equities believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and the factors considered by it, without considering all analyses and factors as a
whole, could create an incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying Pacific Growth Equities' opinion. In performing its analyses, Pacific Growth Equities considered general economic, market
and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Cylink and SafeNet. The analyses performed by Pacific Growth Equities are not necessarily indicative of actual
values or future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by such analyses. The opinion does not predict or take into account any changes that could occur or
information that could become available. Accordingly such analyses are subject to substantial uncertainty. Additionally, analyses relating to the value of a business do not purport to be appraisals or
to reflect the prices at which the business or securities actually may be sold. 

        Pursuant
to a letter agreement dated July 26, 2002 between SafeNet and Pacific Growth Equities, as subsequently amended, Pacific Growth Equities is entitled to receive a fee upon
delivering its opinion, whether or not the opinion is favorable, as well as an additional fee for its financial advisory services contingent upon consummation of the merger. In addition to the fees
provided for above, SafeNet agreed to promptly reimburse Pacific Growth Equities, upon request, for all of Pacific Growth Equities' reasonable and accountable out-of-pocket
expenses (including, without limitation, travel expenses, charges for public reference documents and database services, statistical analysis data and legal fees and expenses) incurred by Pacific
Growth Equities in connection with the performance of its services
under the letter agreement, up to a maximum of $50,000. SafeNet has agreed to indemnify Pacific Growth Equities and its directors, officers, agents, employees and controlling persons, for certain
costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages and liabilities related to or arising out of its rendering of services under its engagement. 

        Pacific
Growth Equities may from time to time trade the securities of Cylink and/or SafeNet for its own accounts or the accounts of Pacific Growth Equities customers and, accordingly,
may at any time hold long or short positions in the securities. 

        The SafeNet Board of Directors retained Pacific Growth Equities based upon Pacific Growth Equities' qualifications, reputation, experience and expertise. Pacific Growth Equities, as a
customary part of it investment banking business, is engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, public equity underwritings, private
placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. Pacific Growth Equities maintains a market in the common stock of many publicly traded internet-related and other companies and regularly
publishes research reports regarding companies in the internet-related industry and publicly traded companies in the internet-related industry. In the ordinary course of business, Pacific Growth
Equities acts as a market maker and broker in the publicly traded securities of SafeNet and receives customary compensation in connection with those trading activities and also provides research
coverage for SafeNet. 

Interests of Cylink's Officers and Directors in the Merger.  

        Certain of Cylink's Directors and officers may have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, their interest as Cylink shareholders.
You should be aware of those interests when considering the unanimous recommendation of the Cylink Board that Cylink shareholders vote to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger at the
Cylink special meeting. The members of the SafeNet and Cylink Board of Directors knew about these additional interests and considered them when they approved the merger agreement. 

        Specifically,
the Directors and officers of Cylink participate in arrangements and have continuing indemnification against liabilities that provide them with interests in the merger that
are different from, or in addition to, yours, including the following: 

        As
of November 25, 2002, the executive officers of Cylink owned stock options to purchase an aggregate of approximately 2,846,960 million shares of Cylink common stock, of
which approximately 822,311 are unvested. If the merger is completed, approximately 565,291 shares underlying unvested options will accelerate and become immediately exercisable. All of the unvested
options held by Directors of Cylink will be cancelled in the merger. 

        As
of November 25, 2002, Directors and officers and their affiliates, who currently own approximately 23% of all outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the special
meeting on                    , 2003, have agreed to vote in favor of the merger. 

        Each
of Cylink's executive officers are entitled to severance packages under his respective employment agreement with Cylink in the event of termination without cause or constructive
termination of their position. Under these employment agreements, upon the closing of the merger, each executive will be entitled to all earned salary and accrued vacation time. In addition, following
the merger, all of the outstanding, unvested, in-the-money options held by Cylink's executive officers will vest no later than the first anniversary of the merger or
termination of their employment, whichever occurs earlier. Specifically, assuming the termination of the officer's employment with Cylink at the time of the closing of the merger, the Cylink officers
identified below will receive the following benefits: 

        Mr. Crowell.
    Mr. Crowell will receive a severance payment of $340,000, to be paid in
twelve monthly installments following termination of his employment, plus a severance amount equal to the premiums for Mr. Crowell's and his dependents' COBRA coverage for Cylink's health
insurance plan during such one year period. As noted below, this is a $60,000 reduction from the severance otherwise required by his employment agreement. In addition, in accordance with his
employment agreement, in the event of the consummation of the merger, Mr. Crowell is entitled to forgiveness of his outstanding loan owed to Cylink, which is equal to $1,111,123.34 as of the
date of this filing. 

        In
accordance with an amendment to Mr. Crowell's employment agreement authorized by Cylink's Board of Directors on October 30, 2002, as described in greater detail below, a
special bonus of $550,000 will be paid to Mr. Crowell, less withholding taxes as required by law, provided the merger agreement is not terminated by the parties prior to December 30,
2002. If at the time the special bonus is paid, Mr. Crowell has not repaid his loan, Mr. Crowell will pay $550,000 to Cylink as a partial satisfaction of the loan, and the outstanding
amount of the loan balance will be adjusted to reflect this partial payment. In the event the merger agreement is terminated after December 31, 2002, the $550,000 special bonus will be applied
against all future severance payments, consulting payments and other payments upon termination of employment owed to Mr. Crowell from Cylink. The remaining balance of the loan will be forgiven
at the time of closing of the merger. In the event the loan has been prepaid, a bonus equal to the amount of all prepayments of the loan, less the $550,000 special bonus, will be paid to
Mr. Crowell at closing. 

        Pursuant
to his employment agreement, SafeNet has agreed to retain Mr. Crowell, following termination of his employment agreement with Cylink, for a period of one year, under a
separate consulting agreement with SafeNet. Under this consulting agreement, SafeNet will pay Mr. Crowell a minimum amount equal to $60,000. Mr. Crowell and SafeNet will execute such
consulting agreement prior to the closing of the merger and such agreement will contain such terms as agreed to by Mr. Crowell and SafeNet. All of Mr. Crowell's outstanding, unvested,
and in-the-money options (representing 208,333 options as of November 30, 2002) will continue to vest in accordance with their terms during the period of his
consultant's agreement with SafeNet. 

        On
October 8, 2002, the Cylink Board of Directors authorized payment of Mr. Crowell's accrued and outstanding minimum contract bonus in the amount of $100,000 for services
rendered to Cylink by Mr. Crowell in 2001. In addition, in accordance with the employment agreement amendment described below, prior to December 31, 2002, Mr. Crowell will also be
entitled to payment of his minimum contract bonus in the amount of $100,000, for services rendered to Cylink in 2002. 

        At
the October 30, 2002 Cylink Board meeting, the Cylink Directors authorized Cylink's officers to execute an amendment to Mr. Crowell's employment agreement with Cylink.
The amendment to Mr. Crowell's employment contract was a condition for SafeNet entering into the merger transaction with Cylink, and a prerequisite for Cylink's shareholders to realize the
benefits of the merger. The amendment to Mr. Crowell's employment agreement provides that: (i) Cylink will owe no bonus to Mr. Crowell for any services rendered in 2003;
(ii) payment of Mr. Crowell's minimum annual bonuses equal to $100,000 for 2001 and $100,000 for 2002, prior to the end of calendar year 2002; (iii) payment of a special bonus to
Mr. Crowell equal to $550,000 (subject to withholding of all taxes required by law), prior to December 30, 2002 (if the merger agreement has not been terminated as of such date), which
amount shall be applied by Mr. Crowell as partial payment of Mr. Crowell's outstanding loan owed to Cylink, unless such loan has been prepaid in its entirety prior to such date;
(iv) Mr. Crowell's severance payments following termination of his employment will be reduced by $60,00.00; (v) Mr. Crowell agrees to exercise prior to December 30,
2002, a number of his vested options to acquire Cylink stock sufficient to generate a minimum of $60,000.00 of federal taxable income; (vi) in the event Mr. Crowell's compensation and
termination benefits are deemed by counsel and qualified accountants to exceed the threshold of Internal Revenue Code Section 280(g), Mr. Crowell agrees to a reduction of his termination
benefits up to the amount of $50,000.00; (vii) in the event Mr. Crowell, notwithstanding his agreement to reduce his benefits by up to $50,000.00, is still liable for any excise tax,
Cylink shall increase his compensation by the amount of the excise tax, but without further "gross ups"; (viii); Cylink shall retain a qualified appraiser (at a cost not to exceed $15,000.00) to
determine the value of Mr. Crowell's no-compete and non-solicitation obligations owed to Cylink; and (ix) Mr. Crowell's unvested options shall continue to
vest during the term of his consulting agreement with SafeNet and shall not be accelerated at the time of any change in control thereafter. 

        Mr. Breeden.
    In accordance with his employment agreement, Mr. Breeden will receive a
severance payment in the amount of $127,500, to be paid in six monthly installments following termination of his employment, plus a severance payment equal in amount to the premiums for his COBRA
coverage for Cylink's health insurance plan during such six month period. In addition, at the time of the closing of the merger, Mr. Breeden will receive payment of a bonus in the amount of
$28,000 for services rendered to Cylink by Mr. Breeden in 2002, which represents a $42,000 reduction in his target bonus for that year. 

        All
of Mr. Breeden's outstanding, unvested, and in-the-money options (representing 76,458 options as of November 30, 2002) will be accelerated and
become fully vested at the time of closing. 

        Mr. Chillingworth.
    In accordance with his employment agreement, Mr. Chillingworth will
receive a severance payment in the amount of $130,000, to be paid in six monthly installments following termination of his employment, plus a severance payment equal in amount to the premiums for his
COBRA coverage for Cylink's health insurance plan during such six month period. 

        Mr. Chillingworth
also received a bonus in the amount of $100,000 on November 4, 2002. Such bonus was awarded to Mr. Chillingworth as a special bonus for his
dedication in negotiating a restructuring of Cylink's lease of its principle offices in Santa Clara, California, and because this lease restructuring is a condition to closing the merger, pursuant to
the merger agreement. 

        At
the time of the closing of the merger, Mr. Chillingworth will also receive payment of a bonus in an amount equal to $28,000, for services rendered by Mr. Chillingworth
to Cylink in 2002, which represents a $72,000 reduction in his target bonus for that year. 

        All
of Mr. Chillingworth's outstanding, unvested, and in-the-money options (representing 77,083 options as of November 30, 2002) will be accelerated
and become fully vested at the time of closing. 

        Ms. Drew.
    In accordance with her employment agreement, Ms. Drew will receive a
severance payment in the amount of $89,935, to be paid in six monthly installments following termination of her employment, plus a severance payment equal in amount to the premiums for her COBRA
coverage for Cylink's health insurance plan during such six month period. 

        At
the time of the closing of the merger, Ms. Drew will also receive payment of a bonus in an amount equal to $19,500, for services rendered by Ms. Drew in 2002, which
represents a $25,500 reduction in her target bonus for that year. 

        All
of Ms. Drew's outstanding, unvested, and in-the-money options (representing 53,417 options as of November 30, 2002) will be accelerated and
become fully vested at the time of closing. 

        Mr. Fougner.
    In accordance with his retention agreement with Cylink, Mr. Fougner will
receive a severance payment in the amount of $256,153, to be paid immediately upon termination of his employment, plus a severance payment in an amount equal to the premiums for his COBRA coverage for
Cylink's health insurance plan during the twelve month period following the termination of his employment. 

        At
the time of the closing of the merger, Mr. Fougner will also receive a special bonus equal in amount to the amount of certain bonuses and salary withheld by Cylink in prior
periods, which amount as of November 1, 2002 is equal to $110,962. In addition, at the time of closing, Mr. Fougner will receive
payment of a bonus equal to $23,000 for services rendered by Mr. Fougner in 2002, which represents a $47,000 reduction in his target bonus for that year. 

        All
of Mr. Fougner's outstanding, unvested, and in-the-money options (representing 70,833 options as of November 30, 2002) will be accelerated and
become fully vested at the time of closing. 

        Upon
termination of his employment with Cylink, Mr. Fougner is also entitled to the transfer of title of a Cylink owned vehicle, a laptop computer and certain periphial equipment,
and a two year consulting contract. All of Mr. Fougner's options will remain outstanding and exercisable during the term of this consulting agreement and no minimum amount of consulting
services are to be owed to Cylink under this consulting agreement. 

        Mr. Reilly.
    In accordance with his employment agreement, Mr. Reilly will receive a
severance payment in the amount of $92,500, plus an amount equal to any additional performance bonus earned pursuant to Cylink's policies during the prior six month period, to be paid in six monthly
installments following termination of his employment. 

        All
of Mr. Reilly's outstanding, unvested, and in-the-money options (representing 12,500 options as of November 30, 2002) will be accelerated and
become fully vested at the time of closing. 

        Mr. Walsh.
    In accordance with his employment agreement, Mr. Walsh will receive a
severance payment in the amount of $110,000, to be paid in six monthly installments following termination of his employment, plus a severance payment equal in amount to the premiums for his COBRA
coverage for Cylink's health insurance plan during such six month period. 

        At
the time of closing, Mr. Walsh will receive payment of a bonus in an amount equal to $25,500 for services rendered by Mr. Walsh to Cylink in 2002, which represents a
$39,500 reduction in his target bonus for that year. 

        All
of Mr. Walsh's outstanding, unvested, and in-the-money options (representing 66,667 options as of November 30, 2002) will be accelerated and
become fully vested at the time of closing. 

        SafeNet
is obligated to notify each of the above Cylink executives prior to the date of closing of SafeNet's decision whether or not to continue such executive's employment with Cylink
under such
executive's existing employment agreement after the closing. In the event SafeNet notifies an executive that it does not intend to continue his employment, or the executive is otherwise entitled to
terminate his agreement for good reason at the time of the closing, SafeNet has agreed to guarantee payment of the foregoing severance obligations. 

        Upon
completion of the merger, SafeNet and Cylink may enter into employment arrangements with some of the executive officers of Cylink which, among other things, may include grants of
additional options by SafeNet. SafeNet and certain members of Cylink's management are currently discussing the possibility of employment; however, the parties have not yet reached agreement on any
material employment terms. SafeNet expects that any executive officers of Cylink that are offered employment would be offered employment according to SafeNet's standard terms of employment with
additional terms to be agreed upon by the parties. 

        The
Directors and officers of Cylink may therefore be more likely to vote to approve the merger agreement and the merger than if they did not have these interests. 

        Indemnification and Directors' and Officers' Insurance.
    Under their existing indemnity agreements
with Cylink, Cylink's Directors and officers are entitled to be held harmless and to be indemnified by Cylink against liabilities arising out of their services as an officer or Director of Cylink.
Pursuant to the merger agreement, the surviving corporation in the merger has agreed to purchase directors' and officers' liability insurance to cover any such liabilities of the past officers and
Directors of Cylink for the six year period following the consummation of the merger, provided that the surviving company is not be obligated to pay premiums for such insurance in excess of 150% of
the current annual cost paid by Cylink for such insurance. 

Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger.  

        SafeNet and Cylink will complete the merger when all of the conditions to completion of the merger are satisfied or waived, including approval of the merger
agreement and the merger by the shareholders of Cylink and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the issuance of SafeNet common stock thereunder by the SafeNet stockholders. The merger will
become effective on the filing of the agreement of merger with the State of California. SafeNet and Cylink are working towards completing the merger as quickly as reasonably possible. For a complete
description of the conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the consummation of the merger, see 
"Terms of the Merger AgreementConditions to Completion
of the Merger,"
 beginning on page 100 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

Management of Cylink after the Merger.  

        After the merger, Cylink will continue to operate as a subsidiary of SafeNet. Employees of Cylink who are retained by SafeNet will continue as employees of the
surviving corporation or of SafeNet. 

Management of SafeNet after the Merger.  

        The management of SafeNet after the transactions will remain unchanged. Information about the current Directors and executive officers of SafeNet can be found in
SafeNet's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, which is incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See "
Where You Can
Find More Information
" beginning on page 131 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences.  

        The following discussion sets forth the material U.S. federal income tax considerations of the merger to holders of shares of Cylink common stock who exchange
their shares of Cylink common stock for SafeNet shares in the merger. This discussion and the tax opinions described below are based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code,
applicable Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations and court decisions in effect as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, all of which may change, possibly with retroactive
effect. Any such change could alter the tax consequences described in this summary and the tax opinions described below. 

        This
discussion of material federal income tax consequences of the merger is not intended to provide a complete analysis or description of all potential federal income tax consequences
of the merger. It does not address all aspects of federal income taxation that may be important to a holder of shares of Cylink common stock in light of that shareholder's particular circumstances or
to a shareholder subject to special rules, such as: 


A
foreign entity or an individual shareholder who is not a citizen or resident of the United States;


A
financial institution or insurance company;


A
tax-exempt organization;


A
dealer or broker in securities;


A
shareholder who is subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Code;


A
shareholder whose shares are qualified small business stock for purposes of Section 1202 of the Code;


A
shareholder who holds shares of Cylink common stock as part of a hedge, appreciated financial position, straddle, constructive sale or conversion
transaction; 


A
shareholder who acquired shares of Cylink common stock pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options or who holds shares of Cylink common stock that
are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; or


A
shareholder who does not hold shares of Cylink common stock as capital assets. 

        In
addition, this discussion does not address any state, local or foreign income tax or non-income tax consequences of the merger or of any transactions effectuated prior or
subsequent to, or concurrently with, the merger (whether or not any such transactions are undertaken in connection with the merger). 
SafeNet urges holders of shares of Cylink
common stock to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular federal income tax or other tax consequences to them of the merger.

        Qualification of the Merger as a Reorganization.
    Subject to the assumptions and limitations discussed
in such opinions and in the discussion below, in the opinion of Venable, Baetjer and Howard, LLP, counsel to SafeNet, and of Morrison & Foerster LLP, counsel to Cylink, the transaction will be
treated for federal income tax purposes as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code if the merger is completed under the current terms of the merger agreement. These
legal opinions are filed as exhibits to the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part. Based upon the qualification of the merger as a
"reorganization" as described above, the following federal income tax consequences will generally result: 


Holders
of Cylink common stock will not recognize any gain or loss upon the exchange of their shares solely for shares of SafeNet common stock (except with
respect to cash, if any, received in lieu of fractional shares of SafeNet common stock);


If
a holder of shares of Cylink common stock receives cash in lieu of fractional shares of SafeNet common stock, such holder will be treated as having
received the cash in redemption of the SafeNet fractional share interest. Assuming that, immediately after the merger, the holder owns a minimal interest in SafeNet, exercises no control over SafeNet
and, as a result of the deemed redemption and after giving effect to certain constructive ownership rules, experiences an actual reduction in the holder's interest in SafeNet, the shareholder will
recognize gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received and the portion of the tax basis of that holder's shares of Cylink common stock allocable to that fraction
of a share. Otherwise, the cash payment may be taxable to the holder as a dividend. Any capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the holder of shares of Cylink common
stock has held the shares of Cylink common stock exchanged for that fraction of a SafeNet share for more than one year at the time the shares of Cylink common stock are accepted at the completion of
the merger;


A
holder of shares of Cylink common stock will have a tax basis in the SafeNet shares received in the merger (including any fraction of a share of SafeNet
stock deemed received) equal to the tax basis in the shares of Cylink common stock surrendered by that shareholder in the merger;


The
holding period for SafeNet shares received in exchange for shares of Cylink common stock in the merger will include the holding period for shares of
Cylink common stock surrendered in the merger; and


No
gain or loss will be recognized by SafeNet, Sapphire Acquisition Corp. or Cylink solely as a result of the merger. 

        Cylink
shareholders, if any, who receive a payment for their Cylink shares as a result of the exercise of dissenters' rights generally should recognize capital gain or loss based upon
the difference between the amount realized and their basis in their Cylink shares, provided that the payment is not essentially equivalent to a dividend. A sale of Cylink shares pursuant to an
exercise of appraisal or dissenters' rights will generally not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if, as a result of such exercise, 

the shareholders exercising dissenters' rights own no Cylink common stock or SafeNet common stock (either actually or constructively within the meaning of Section 318 of the Code) immediately
after the merger. If, however, a shareholder's sale of Cylink shares for cash pursuant to an exercise of dissenters' rights is essentially equivalent to a dividend, then such shareholder may recognize
ordinary income for federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the entire amount of cash so received. 

        Tax Opinions.
    The completion of the merger is conditioned upon the receipt by SafeNet and Cylink of
tax opinions from Venable, Baetjer and Howard, LLP and Morrison & Foerster LLP, respectively, dated as of the closing date of the merger, in each case stating that the merger will constitute a
"reorganization" under Section 368(a) of the Code. These opinions, and the opinions contained herein,
are based upon representations and covenants made by SafeNet and Cylink, including representations in certificates of officers of SafeNet and Cylink delivered to tax counsel on or before the date of
the issuance of the relevant opinion, and upon certain assumptions, including the absence of changes in facts or in law between the date of the delivery of the representations and the completion of
the merger. If any of those representations, covenants or assumptions is inaccurate, the tax consequences of the transaction could differ materially from those summarized above. The opinions of
counsel are based on law existing and in effect as of the date of each opinion, and future legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations and court decisions could change current law or
adversely affect existing interpretations of current law, in each case potentially on a retroactive basis. Furthermore, Venable, Baetjer and Howard LLP's and Morrison & Foerster LLP's opinions
represent only their best judgment of the tax consequences of the merger. Such opinions will neither bind the Internal Revenue Service nor preclude the Internal Revenue Service or the courts from
adopting a contrary position. Neither Cylink nor SafeNet intends to obtain a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to the tax consequences of the merger. Accordingly, it is possible
that the merger may not qualify as a reorganization, and the tax consequences of the merger could differ materially from those summarized above. 

        The
condition that Cylink and SafeNet receive legal opinions dated as of the date of the completion of the merger may be waived in writing by the parties. In the event that these tax
opinions are withdrawn or otherwise not delivered at the closing, or if the condition is waived, the vote of the Cylink shareholders will be resolicited if the federal income tax consequences to them
are determined to be materially different from those described above under "
Qualification of the Merger as a Reorganization
." In brief, however, if the
merger were not treated as a reorganization, the Cylink shareholders would recognize taxable gain or loss with respect to each share of Cylink common stock surrendered equal to the difference between
each shareholder's basis in such share and the fair market value, as of the date of the merger, of the SafeNet stock received in exchange therefor (including any cash received in lieu of a fractional
share of stock). In such event, a Cylink shareholder's aggregate basis in the SafeNet stock so received would equal its fair market value, and the holding period of such stock would begin the day
after the date of the merger. 

SafeNet urges each holder of shares of Cylink common stock to consult his or her own tax advisor to determine the particular U.S. federal, state or local or
foreign income or other tax consequences of the merger.

Accounting Treatment.  

        SafeNet will account for the merger as a purchase under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Under the purchase method of accounting,
the assets and liabilities of Cylink will be recorded, as of the completion of the merger, at their respective fair values and added to those of SafeNet. Reported financial condition and results of
operations of SafeNet reported after completion of the merger will reflect Cylink's balances and results after completion of the merger, but will not be restated retroactively to reflect the
historical financial position or results of operations of Cylink. 

Following the completion of the merger, the earnings of the combined company will reflect purchase accounting adjustments. 

Regulatory Approvals.  

        Other than the Securities and Exchange Commission declaring SafeNet's registration statement on Form S-4 relating to this merger effective and
the filing of an agreement of merger under California law with respect to the merger, SafeNet does not believe that any additional material governmental filings are required with respect to the merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

Approval of the Merger.  

        Under California law, the approval of the Board of Directors of Cylink and the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the shares of Cylink common
stock outstanding on the record date are required to approve the merger agreement and the merger. At its meeting on October 30, 2002, Cylink's Board of Directors unanimously approved the merger
agreement and the merger. SafeNet stockholders are required to approve the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger under the rules of the Nasdaq National Market because the
number of shares of SafeNet common stock that SafeNet is obligated to issue in the merger is expected to exceed 20% of the SafeNet common stock outstanding before the merger. Under the Nasdaq rules,
Delaware law and SafeNet's certificate of incorporation, the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the shares of SafeNet common stock present in person or by proxy at a meeting at
which there is a quorum is required to approve the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger. 

Appraisal Rights.  

        The following summary of the statutory procedure to be followed by a dissenting Cylink shareholder in order to exercise his, her or its appraisal or dissenters'
rights under Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code is not a complete statement of the law relating to dissenters' rights and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code. This discussion and Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code should be reviewed carefully by any Cylink shareholder who wishes to exercise
statutory dissenters' rights or who wishes to preserve the right to do so, because failure to comply with the procedures set forth in Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code will result in the
loss or waiver of dissenters' rights. A copy of Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as 
Annex E

and is incorporated in this document by reference. 

        If
the merger agreement and the merger are approved by the required vote of Cylink shareholders, each Cylink shareholder who DOES NOT vote in favor of the merger agreement and the merger
and
who follows the procedures set forth in Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code will be entitled to exercise dissenters' rights under the California Corporations Code and thereby have his, her
or its Cylink shares purchased by Cylink for cash at the fair market value of the Cylink shares. A shareholder who exercises his, her or its dissenters' rights loses the right to receive shares of
SafeNet common stock. 

        If
the dissenting shareholder's shares are outstanding as of the record date and if the merger is approved, then the dissenting shareholder may, by complying with the provisions of
Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code, require Cylink to purchase each share not voted in favor of the merger for cash at fair market value. The fair market value of Cylink shares will be
determined as of the day before the first announcement of the terms of the proposed merger, excluding any appreciation or depreciation in consequence of the proposed merger (i.e. valuing the Cylink
shares as if the merger had 

not occurred), but adjusted for any stock split, reverse stock split or stock dividend that becomes effective thereafter. 

        Shares
of Cylink common stock must satisfy each of the following requirements to qualify as dissenting shares under California law: (1) the shares of Cylink common stock,
immediately prior to the merger, were not listed on any national securities exchange certified by the Commissioner of Corporations or listed on the National Market System of the Nasdaq Stock Market,
unless there exists with respect to such shares any restriction on transfer imposed by the corporation or by any law or regulation or if demands for payment are filed with respect to 5% or more of the
outstanding shares of that class; (2) the shares of Cylink common stock must have been outstanding on the record date; (3) the shares of Cylink common stock must not have been voted in
favor of the merger; (4) the holder of such shares of Cylink common stock must make a written demand that Cylink repurchase such shares of Cylink common stock at fair market value; and
(5) the holder of such shares of Cylink common stock must submit share certificates for endorsement. 

        Within
10 days after the date of the approval of the merger, Cylink must mail a notice of the approval of the merger to each shareholder who has not voted to adopt and approve the
merger agreement and the merger, together with a statement of the price determined by Cylink to represent the fair market value of the Cylink shares, a brief description of the procedure to be
followed in order for the shareholder to pursue dissenters' rights, and a copy of Sections 1300 to 1304 of Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code. The statement of price by Cylink constitutes
an offer by Cylink to purchase all properly dissenting shares at the stated amount. 

        In
order to exercise rights as a dissenting shareholder, within 30 days after the date on which notice of the approval of the merger by the outstanding shares of Cylink common
stock is mailed to dissenting shareholders, Cylink must receive a dissenting shareholder's written demand that Cylink repurchase such dissenting shareholder's dissenting shares setting forth the
number of dissenting shares held of record by such dissenting shareholder that the dissenting shareholder demands that Cylink purchase, and a statement of what the dissenting shareholder claims to be
the fair market value of the dissenting shares as of the day before the announcement of the proposed merger. The statement of the fair market value in such demand by the dissenting shareholder
constitutes an offer by the dissenting
shareholder to sell the dissenting shares at such price to Cylink. Such holder must also submit to Cylink, within 30 days after the date on which notice of the approval by the outstanding
shares was mailed to shareholders, share certificates representing any dissenting shares that the dissenting shareholder demands that Cylink purchase, so that such dissenting shares may either be
stamped or endorsed with the statement that the shares are dissenting shares or exchanged for certificates of appropriate denomination so stamped or endorsed. 

        If
the dissenting shareholder and Cylink agree that the shares qualify as dissenting shares and agree upon the price of the shares, the dissenting shareholder will be entitled to the
agreed upon price plus the legal rate of interest on judgments from the date of such agreement, to be paid to the dissenting shareholder within the later of 30 days after the date of such
agreement or 30 days after any statutory or contractual conditions to the consummation of the merger are satisfied or waived, subject to surrender, by the dissenting shareholder, of his, her or
its certificates representing the dissenting shares to Cylink. 

        If
the dissenting shareholder and Cylink fail to agree upon the fair market value of the dissenting shares or whether the shares qualify as dissenting shares, the dissenting shareholder
may file a complaint in superior court in Santa Clara county within six months after the date on which notice of the approval of the merger is mailed to shareholders requesting that the court
determine the fair market value of the dissenting shares and/or whether the shares qualify as dissenting shares. California law provides, among other things, that a dissenting shareholder may not
withdraw the demand for 

payment of the fair market value of dissenting shares unless Cylink consents to such request for withdrawal. 

        Under
the provisions of Section 500 et seq. and Section 1306 of the California Corporations Code, a California corporation is legally prohibited from purchasing shares of
stock through the payment of cash or other property, even if all dissenters' rights conditions are fulfilled, unless the corporation satisfies certain financial conditions. Due to these legal
restrictions, Cylink may not be legally able to repurchase all or any dissenting shares of the dissenting shareholders for cash following the merger. 

        To
the extent that the above-mentioned provisions of the California Corporations Code prohibit cash payments to holders of dissenting shares who exercise and perfect their dissenters'
rights, such dissenting shareholders will become creditors of Cylink for an amount equal to the fair market value of their shares as to which the dissenters' rights are perfected plus interest accrued
thereon at the legal rate on judgments until the date of payment. The rights of such dissenting shareholders, however, will be subordinate to the rights of all other creditors of Cylink in any
liquidation proceeding. 

        Dissenting
shareholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair market value of their shares of capital stock, as determined under Chapter 13 of the California
Corporations Code, could be more than, the same as or less than the amount that would be paid to them pursuant to the merger agreement. The costs and expenses of the appraisal proceeding will be
determined by the court and assessed against Cylink unless the court determines that the dissenting shareholder did not act in
good faith in demanding payment of the fair market value of his, her or its shares, in which case such costs and expenses may be assessed against the dissenting shareholder. 

        If
any Cylink shareholder who demands the purchase of his, her or its shares under Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code fails to perfect, or effectively withdraws or loses his,
her or its right to such purchase, the shares of such holder will be converted into a right to receive the applicable merger consideration with respect thereto in accordance with the terms of the
merger agreement. 

        Dissenting
shares lose their status as dissenting shares and the holders of dissenting shares cease to be dissenting shareholders and cease to be entitled to require Cylink to purchase
their shares if (1) the merger is abandoned; (2) the shares are transferred prior to their submission for the required endorsement; (3) the dissenting shareholder and Cylink do
not agree upon the status of the shares as dissenting shares or do not agree on the purchase price, but neither Cylink nor the shareholder files a complaint or intervenes in a pending action within
six months after mailing of the notice of approval of the merger; or (4) with Cylink's consent, the shareholder delivers to Cylink a written withdrawal of such shareholder's demand for purchase
of his, her or its shares. 

        Except
as expressly limited by provisions of California law pertaining to dissenters' rights, holders of dissenting shares continue to have all the rights and privileges incident to
their shares until the fair market value of their shares is agreed upon or determined. 

Failure to follow the steps required by Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code for perfecting dissenters' rights may result in the loss of such rights (in
which event a shareholder will be entitled to receive the applicable merger consideration with respect to such dissenting shares in accordance with the merger agreement). In view of the complexity of
the provisions of Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code, Cylink shareholders who are considering objecting to the merger should consult their own legal advisors.

Relationships between SafeNet and Cylink.  

        Except as described under the section below titled 
"The Voting Agreements"
 beginning on page 107 of this proxy
statement/prospectus, or as otherwise described in this proxy statement/prospectus, neither SafeNet nor, to the best of SafeNet's knowledge, any of its Directors, executive officers or other
affiliates has any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship with any other person with 

respect to any securities of Cylink, including, but not limited to, any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship concerning the transfer or the voting of any securities, joint ventures,
loan or option arrangements, puts or calls, guaranties of loans, guaranties against loss or the giving or withholding of proxies. Except as described in this proxy statement/prospectus, there have
been no contacts, negotiations or transactions since January 1, 1997 between SafeNet or, to the best of SafeNet's
knowledge, any of its Directors, executive officers or other affiliates on the one hand, and Cylink or its affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a merger, consolidation or acquisition, a tender
offer or other acquisition of securities, an election of Directors, or a sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets. Neither SafeNet nor, to the best of SafeNet's knowledge, any of its
Directors, executive officers or other affiliates has since January 1, 1997 had any transaction with Cylink or any of its officers, Directors or affiliates that would require disclosure under
the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission applicable to the merger. 

        Neither
SafeNet nor, to the best of SafeNet's knowledge, any of its Directors, executive officers or other affiliates beneficially owns or has any right to acquire, directly or
indirectly, any shares of Cylink common stock. 

        Neither
SafeNet nor, to the best of SafeNet's knowledge, any of its Directors, executive officers or other affiliates has effected any transaction in shares of Cylink common stock during
the past 60 days. 

Restrictions on Resale of SafeNet Common Stock by Affiliates.  

        The issuance of SafeNet shares to Cylink shareholders in connection with the merger has been registered under the Securities Act. Such shares may be traded freely
and without restriction by those Cylink shareholders who are not deemed to be Cylink "affiliates," as that term is defined under the Securities Act, at the time the merger agreement is submitted for
approval by the Cylink shareholders at the special meeting. An affiliate of Cylink is a person who directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under
common control with Cylink. Any subsequent transfer of SafeNet common stock issued in the merger by any Cylink affiliate will, under existing law, require one of the following: 


Registration
of the transfer under the Securities Act;


Compliance
with Rule 145 under the Securities Act, which allows limited sales under specified circumstances; or


Availability
of another exemption from registration. 

        Cylink's
affiliates have executed written agreements to the effect that they will not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the shares of SafeNet common stock issued to them in the
merger in violation of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

        This
registration statement, including this proxy statement/prospectus, does not cover any resales of SafeNet common stock by former Cylink shareholders, including SafeNet common stock
issuable upon the exercise of any assumed options or warrants to be received by Cylink shareholders upon completion of the merger. No person is authorized to make use of this proxy
statement/prospectus in connection with any resale of SafeNet securities received by them in the merger. 

Anti-Dilution Adjustments.  

        If between October 30, 2002 and the effective date of the merger, the outstanding shares of SafeNet common stock or Cylink common stock are changed into a
different number of shares because of any reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination or other like change, increase or decrease, or exchange of shares, or if any dividend
payable in stock or other securities is declared on such shares with a record date within this period, the merger agreement requires that the exchange ratio be 

adjusted accordingly to provide the same economic effect as contemplated by the merger agreement before such reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination, change, exchange or
dividend. 

Exchange of Certificates.  

        SafeNet has agreed to deposit the certificates representing the shares of SafeNet common stock to be issued under the merger agreement and cash to be paid instead
of fractional shares with American Stock Transfer & Trust Co., who will act as exchange agent in the merger for the benefit of the holders of issued and outstanding shares of Cylink common
stock. SafeNet has agreed to deposit such certificates and cash with its exchange agent within one business day after the closing of the merger. Additionally, SafeNet will cause the exchange agent to
mail a letter of transmittal to each holder of Cylink common stock within one business day of the closing of the merger. The letter of transmittal will contain instructions on how Cylink shareholders
may surrender their Cylink stock certificates to the exchange agent in order to exchange them for new SafeNet certificates. 

If you are a Cylink shareholder, you should NOT return your stock certificates with the enclosed proxy, and you should NOT forward them to SafeNet's exchange
agent until you receive the letter of transmittal. Following your receipt of the letter of transmittal, you should forward the certificates only in accordance with the instructions specified in the
letter.

        After
the effective time of the merger, and until a Cylink shareholder surrenders their certificates representing their Cylink common stock for exchange to SafeNet's exchange agent,
holders of these certificates will not be paid any dividends or other distributions declared after the effective time of the merger on the SafeNet common stock. Any such unpaid dividends or other
distributions on such SafeNet common stock will be paid, without interest, only to those former Cylink shareholders who
have properly tendered their Cylink common stock certificates for exchange. All Cylink stock certificates presented after the effective time of the merger will be canceled and exchanged for a
certificate or certificates representing the applicable number of shares of SafeNet common stock and cash instead of fractional shares to be received by such Cylink shareholder in the merger. 

        Any
shares of SafeNet common stock that remain undistributed one year after the effective date of the merger will be delivered to SafeNet on demand. After that time, certificates
representing Cylink common stock must be surrendered for exchange to SafeNet, provided, however, that the failure of Cylink shareholder to deliver its Cylink stock certificates and/or a duly executed
letter of transmittal to SafeNet's exchange agent within such year period shall in no way affect such Cylink shareholder's right to receive SafeNet common stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares
in exchange for such Cylink common stock in the merger. SafeNet and Cylink, as the surviving corporation of the merger, will not be liable for any shares of SafeNet common stock or for any cash
amounts delivered to a public official under any abandoned property, escheat or similar laws. 

        If
a certificate representing Cylink common stock has been lost, stolen or destroyed, the exchange agent will issue the consideration payable under the merger agreement when the claimant
submits an affidavit of loss, theft or destruction, and, if required by SafeNet in the case of any certificate representing more than 1,000 shares of Cylink common stock, post a reasonable bond as
indemnity against any claim that may be made later with respect to the lost certificate. 

Fees and Expenses.  

        SafeNet and Cylink have agreed that each company will pay its own expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement, whether or not the merger is
consummated, subject to certain exceptions described below in the section titled 
"Terms of the Merger AgreementTermination Fee; Expenses"

on page 105 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

        In
addition, SafeNet and Cylink have agreed to reimburse brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies and other nominees, upon request, for customary clerical and mailing
expenses incurred by them in forwarding this proxy statement/prospectus and other offering materials to their customers in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the SafeNet special meeting
and the Cylink special meeting, respectively. 

        SafeNet
has retained American Stock Transfer & Trust Co. as the exchange agent. SafeNet has agreed to pay the exchange agent reasonable and customary compensation for its services
in connection with the merger, has agreed to reimburse the exchange agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and
has agreed to indemnify the exchange agent against certain liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws. 

        Except
as described above, neither SafeNet nor has Cylink agreed to pay any fees or commissions to any broker, dealer or other person for soliciting proxies pursuant to the merger. 

TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT    

The following describes certain aspects of the proposed merger, including the material terms of the merger agreement. The following
description of the merger agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the merger agreement, which is attached as  
Annex A
 to
this proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference. All SafeNet stockholders and Cylink
shareholders are urged to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety.  

The Merger.  

        Generally.
    The merger agreement provides that at the closing of the merger Sapphire Acquisition Corp,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet, will be merged with and into Cylink. Upon completion of the merger, Cylink will continue as the surviving corporation and will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of
SafeNet. The merger is expected to be accounted for as a purchase transaction for accounting and financial reporting purposes and is intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code for federal income tax purposes. 

        The Completion of the Merger.
    The merger will be completed and become effective when the agreement of
merger is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of California or at such other time as specified in the agreement of merger. SafeNet and Cylink anticipate that the merger will be completed no
later than the second business day after all of the conditions to the merger contained in the merger agreement are satisfied or, where permissible, waived. 

        Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.
    The articles of incorporation of
Sapphire Acquisition Corp., as amended by the agreement of merger, will become the articles of incorporation of Cylink after the merger. The bylaws of Sapphire Acquisition Corp. will become the bylaws
of Cylink after the merger. 

        Directors and Officers of Cylink after the Merger.
    The Directors and officers of Sapphire Acquisition
Corp. will be the initial Directors and officers of Cylink as the surviving corporation of the merger, and will serve until their successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified, or until
their earlier death, resignation or removal. 

        Manner and Basis of Converting Shares of Cylink Common Stock into SafeNet Common Stock in the Merger.

    Under the terms of the merger agreement, upon completion of the merger, each share of Cylink common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.05 of a share of SafeNet common
stock as described in "
The MergerGeneral Description of the Merger and Conversion of Cylink Common Stock
" beginning on page 53 of this
proxy statement/prospectus. The merger consideration will not be payable in respect of shares of Cylink common stock held by Cylink as treasury stock immediately prior to completion of the merger or
shares of Cylink common stock owned by SafeNet immediately prior to the completion of the merger. 

        SafeNet
will not issue certificates representing fractional shares of its common stock in the merger. Instead, each former Cylink shareholder who would otherwise be entitled to a
fractional share of SafeNet common stock by virtue of the merger (after aggregating all fractional shares of SafeNet common stock that otherwise would be received by the shareholder) will receive cash
(rounded to the nearest whole cent), without interest, equal to the product obtained by multiplying: 


That
fraction of a share of SafeNet common stock to which such shareholder is entitled by virtue of the merger (after aggregating all fractional shares of
SafeNet common stock that otherwise would be received by such shareholder), by 


The
closing sale price of one share of SafeNet common stock on the Nasdaq National Market (as reported in the Wall Street Journal or, if not reported
therein, any other authoritative source) on the trading day immediately preceding the date of completion of the merger. 

        The
merger agreement provides that, within one business day after the date of completion of the merger, the exchange agent will mail to each record holder of a certificate or
certificates, that, immediately prior to the completion of the merger represented outstanding shares of Cylink common stock, a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in exchanging Cylink
common stock certificates for the SafeNet common stock certificates and any cash payable in lieu of a fractional share of SafeNet common stock. In addition, the merger agreement contemplates that, as
soon as reasonably practicable after the exchange agent receives back from the record holder of shares of Cylink common stock the Cylink common stock certificate, the letter of transmittal and any
other documents that are required by the letter of transmittal, the exchange agent will mail to the record holder a certificate or certificates representing the appropriate number of shares of SafeNet
common stock together with the amount of any cash payable in lieu of a fractional share. Additionally, record holders of Cylink common stock may, at their option after the completion of the merger,
physically surrender their Cylink common
stock certificates in person at the offices of the exchange agent listed on the back of this proxy statement/prospectus for the SafeNet common stock certificates and any cash payable in lieu of a
fractional share of SafeNet common stock. 

        After
the completion of the merger, until it is surrendered and exchanged, each certificate that previously evidenced Cylink common stock will be deemed to evidence the right to receive
shares of SafeNet common stock and any cash payable in lieu of a fractional share of SafeNet common stock. SafeNet will not pay dividends or other distributions on any shares of SafeNet common stock
to be issued in exchange for any Cylink common stock certificate that is not surrendered until the Cylink common stock certificate is properly surrendered, as provided in the merger agreement. No
interest will be paid on any cash to be paid upon the surrender and exchange of certificates of Cylink common stock. 

Treatment of Cylink Stock Options, Warrants and Cylink Stock Purchase Rights.  

        At the effective time of the merger, SafeNet will assume certain options and warrants to purchase Cylink common stock as follows: 


SafeNet
will assume all outstanding options to purchase Cylink common stock that are vested and held by individuals who are employees (including officers) of
Cylink at any time within 30 days of the effective time of the merger and would have, if then exchanged in the merger on the terms described below, an exercise price equal to or less than the
greater of (1) the average of the closing sales prices of the SafeNet common stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the fifth business day prior to the date of the Cylink
shareholders meeting or (2) $12.50, which, based on the exchange ratio of 0.05; assuming an average closing price per share of SafeNet common stock of $12.50 or higher, such options would be
converted into options to acquire approximately 171,804 shares of SafeNet common stock at the closing of the merger;


SafeNet
will assume options issued under the Cylink/ARL 1997 Stock Option Plan to purchase 119,784 shares of Cylink common stock, which, based on the
exchange ratio of 0.05, would be converted into options to acquire 5,989 shares of SafeNet common stock at the closing of the merger; and


SafeNet
will assume a warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of Cylink common stock, which, based on the exchange ratio of 0.05, would be converted into a
warrant to purchase 25,000 shares of SafeNet common stock at the closing of the merger. 

        All
remaining options to purchase Cylink common stock shall terminate as of the closing of the merger and shall not be assumed by SafeNet. 

        Each
assumed Cylink option or warrant will be converted into an option or warrant to purchase shares of SafeNet common stock equal to the number of shares of Cylink common stock subject
to the option or warrant multiplied by 0.05, rounded down to the nearest whole share. The exercise price per share of SafeNet common stock issuable under the assumed options and warrant will equal the
exercise price per share of Cylink stock issuable under the applicable option or warrant immediately before the effective time of the merger, divided by 0.05, then rounded up to the nearest cent.
Except for the number of shares issuable and the exercise price for each assumed option and warrant and the vesting of certain assumed options described below, the assumed options and warrant will
remain subject to the same terms and conditions that were in effect before the merger. All assumed options held by persons who are offered and accept employment with SafeNet or Cylink effective after
the closing of the merger and who execute SafeNet's nondisclosure agreement shall be 100% vested immediately prior to the effective time of the merger notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any
Cylink stock option plan or stock option agreement. Additionally, certain options to purchase Cylink common stock, by their terms, provide for acceleration of vesting upon the closing of the merger. 

        SafeNet
will not assume any Cylink stock purchase rights in the merger. Under the terms of the merger agreement, each outstanding Cylink stock purchase right that has been issued
pursuant to Cylink's employee stock purchase plan will be exercised upon the next scheduled purchase date under the plan prior to the Cylink shareholder meeting and the Cylink employee stock purchase
plan will be terminated immediately thereafter. 

Representations and Warranties.  

        SafeNet and Cylink each made a number of customary representations and warranties in the merger agreement, relating to, among other things, aspects of their
respective businesses, assets, financial condition, structure and their ability to complete the merger. The representations and warranties of each party will expire upon completion of the merger. 

        Representations and Warranties of Cylink.
    The representations given by Cylink cover the following
topics, among others, as they relate to Cylink and its subsidiaries: 


Corporate
organization and its subsidiaries;


Capitalization
of Cylink and its subsidiaries;


Authorization
and binding nature of the merger agreement;


Securities
and Exchange Commission filings and financial statements;


The
absence of material changes, events or effects;


Proprietary
assets;


Material
contracts;


The
absence of material liabilities;


Compliance
with legal requirements;


Governmental
authorizations;


Tax
matters;


Employee
and labor matters, and Cylink benefit plans;


Environmental
matters and applicable environmental laws;


Legal
proceedings and orders;


Required
shareholder vote; 


Merger
will not result in a violation of Cylink's organizational documents, laws or material contracts;


Material
third party consents necessary to complete the merger;


Fairness
opinion rendered by Cylink's financial advisors;


Financial
advisor and brokers' and finders' fees;


Takeover
laws;


Competing
proposals or offers;


Information
to be supplied for registration statement;


Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act; and


Disclosures
in registration statement. 

        Representations and Warranties of SafeNet.
    The representations given by SafeNet cover the following
topics, among others, as they relate to SafeNet and its subsidiaries, including Sapphire Acquisition Corp.: 


Corporate
organization and its subsidiaries;


Capitalization
of SafeNet and Sapphire Acquisition Corp.;


Authorization
and binding nature of the merger agreement;


Securities
and Exchange Commission filings and financial statements;


The
absence of material liabilities;


Merger
will not result in a violation of SafeNet's or Sapphire Acquisition Corp.'s organizational documents or laws;


Interim
operations of Sapphire Acquisition Corp.;


Information
to be supplied for registration statement;


Legal
proceedings and orders;


Required
stockholder vote; and


Disclosures
in registration statement. 

        The
representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read sections 2 and 3 of the merger agreement titled
"
Representations and Warranties of the Company
" and "
Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger
Sub
." 

        Any
reference to a "material adverse effect" on Cylink means any event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or other matter that is materially adverse to (1) the business,
condition, capitalization, assets, liabilities, operations or financial performance of Cylink taken as a whole, or (2) the ability of Cylink consummate the merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or to perform any of its obligations under the merger agreement prior to the termination of the merger agreement; provided, however, that none of the
following shall be taken in account in determining whether there has been or will be a material adverse effect on Cylink: (a) any change in the market price or trading volume of Cylink's common
stock after October 30, 2002; (b) the delisting of Cylink from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market of Nasdaq; (c) any adverse change attributable to conditions
affecting the industries as a whole in which Cylink has material operations, the U.S. economy as a whole or the foreign economies as a whole in any locations where Cylink has material operations; or 

(d) any adverse change due to compliance with the terms of, or the taking of any action required by, the merger agreement. 

        Any
reference to a "material adverse effect" on SafeNet means an event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or other matter that is materially adverse to (1) the business,
condition, capitalization, assets, liabilities, operations or financial performance of SafeNet and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (2) the ability of SafeNet to consummate the merger or
any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or to perform any of its obligations under the merger agreement prior to the termination of the merger agreement provided, however,
that none of the following shall be taken in account in determining whether there has been or will be a material adverse effect on SafeNet and its subsidiaries: (a) any change in the market
price or trading volume of SafeNet's common stock after October 30, 2002; or (b) any adverse change attributable to conditions affecting the industries as a whole in which SafeNet and
its subsidiaries have material operations, the U.S. economy as a whole or the foreign economies as a whole in any locations where any of the SafeNet and its subsidiaries has material operations. 

Conduct of Cylink's Business before Completion of the Merger.  

        Cylink has agreed until the earlier of the completion of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement, or unless SafeNet consents in writing, to carry on
its business in the ordinary course consistent past practices and in material compliance with legal and contractual terms. Cylink has further agreed to use all reasonable efforts consistent with past
practice and policies to preserve intact its present business organizations, to keep available the services of its present officers and employees and to preserve its relationships and good will with
customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees and others having business dealings with it. Additionally, Cylink has agreed to (1) promptly notify SafeNet of any event or occurrence
not in the ordinary course of its business, and of any event which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the intellectual property of Cylink; and (2) keep in full
force and effect all insurance policies in effect as of October 30, 2002. 

        Cylink
has also agreed that until the earlier of the completion of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement, or unless SafeNet consents in advance in writing, Cylink and its
subsidiaries will not do any of the following: 


Declare,
accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other distribution in respect of any shares of capital stock or repurchase, redeem or otherwise
reacquire any shares of capital stock or other securities;


Sell,
issue, grant or authorize the issuance or grant of any capital stock, option, call, warrant, right, instrument or obligation that is or may become
convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock or other securities of Cylink (except that, prior to the completion of the merger, Cylink may issue shares of common stock pursuant to
Cylink stock options or Cylink stock purchase rights outstanding);


Amend
or waive any of its rights under, or accelerate the vesting under, any provision of any outstanding option, warrant or restricted stock purchase
agreement or otherwise modify any of the terms of any outstanding option, warrant, or other security or related contract;


Amend
or permit the adoption of any amendment to its articles of incorporation, bylaws or similar organizational documents, or effect or become a party to
any acquisition transaction, recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock split, reverse stock split, or similar transaction;


Form
any subsidiary or acquire any equity interest or other interest in any other entity;


Make
any capital expenditure to the extent such new capital expenditures exceed $200,000 in the aggregate; 


Enter
into or become bound by, or permit any of the assets owned or used by it to become bound by, any contract with obligations in excess of $100,000, or
waive, release, or assign any rights or claims, or modify or terminate any contract with obligations in excess of $100,000, except for standard purchase agreements with no minimum quantity
requirements entered into in the ordinary course of business;


Acquire,
or agree to acquire by merger, consolidation or purchase of assets or equity or otherwise, any business or any corporation, partnership, association
or other business organization or division thereof, or any assets of any other person, other than the purchase of assets from suppliers or vendors in the ordinary course of business;


Sell,
lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or otherwise encumber or dispose of any assets outside the ordinary course of business;


Incur
any indebtedness or guarantee any indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt
securities, guarantee any debt securities of
another person, enter into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any financial statement condition of another person or enter into any agreement having the economic effect of any of the
foregoing, except for borrowings incurred in the ordinary course of business, or make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person other than travel and payroll
advances made to employees in the ordinary course of business;


Pay,
discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations, other than payments, discharges or satisfactions of less than $75,000 or payments,
discharges or satisfactions in the ordinary course of business of liabilities reflected in Cylink's financial statements;


Waive
any material benefits of, or agree to modify in any respect, and confidentiality, standstill or similar agreements to which Cylink or any subsidiary is
a party;


Except
as expressly permitted in the merger agreement, increase in any manner the compensation or fringe benefits of, or pay any bonus to, any director,
officer or employee;


Enter
into, amend or change in any way, or make any severance or termination payments under, any agreement or other arrangement not in existence as of the
date of the merger agreement;


Establish,
adopt, enter into or amend any employee benefit plan or collective bargaining agreement, except as required by law;


Pay
or make available any benefit not provided for under any Cylink benefit plan or other arrangement;


Grant
any awards under any bonus, incentive, performance or other compensation plan or arrangement or other benefit plan or arrangement, including the grant
of stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock-based or stock-related performance awards, or remove any existing restrictions in any existing Cylink benefit plan or other arrangement or award;


Take
any action to fund prior to when due or otherwise secure the payment of any compensation or benefits under any agreement;


Hire
or promote any director, officer or employee, or fire any employee without first giving SafeNet twenty-four hours prior notice and an
opportunity to discuss the termination with Cylink;


Change
any methods of accounting or accounting practices in any respect, except as required by generally accepted accounting principles;


Make
any material tax election;


Commence
or settle any material action, suit or legal proceeding; 


Take
any other material action outside the ordinary course of business or inconsistent with past practices;


Except
as provided in the merger agreement, take, or permit the taking of any action, which could reasonably be expected to cause the vesting of any Cylink
stock options to be accelerated in accordance with the terms of any of Cylink's stock option plans;


Take,
agree to take, or omit to take any action that would cause Cylink not to be able to satisfy any of the conditions set forth in the merger agreement
prior to the termination of the merger agreement; or


Agree
or commit to take any of the above actions except as otherwise permitted by the merger agreement. 

        The
agreements in the merger agreement related to the conduct of Cylink's business before the completion of the merger are complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to
carefully read section 4.2 of the merger agreement titled "
Operation of the Company's Business
." 

Reasonable Efforts to Complete the Merger.  

        SafeNet and Cylink are required to use reasonable best efforts to take all actions necessary to complete the merger. 

Limitation on Cylink's Ability to Consider Other Acquisition Proposals.  

        Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated, Cylink has agreed that, subject to certain exceptions, neither it nor any of its subsidiaries
and the officers, directors, employees or other agents of Cylink and its subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly: 


Solicit,
initiate, induce or facilitate the making, submission or announcement of any "acquisition proposal" (as defined below);


Furnish
any nonpublic information regarding Cylink or its subsidiaries to any person (other than SafeNet or any designees of SafeNet) in connection with or
in response to any acquisition proposal or an inquiry or indication of interest that Cylink reasonably believes could lead to an acquisition proposal;


Engage
in discussions or negotiations with any person (other than SafeNet or any designees of SafeNet) with respect to an acquisition proposal;


Approve,
endorse or recommend any acquisition proposal; or


Enter
into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any acquisition proposal. 

        However,
Cylink or Cylink's Board of Directors may furnish nonpublic information regarding Cylink or any subsidiary of Cylink to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, any
person in response to a "superior offer" (as defined below) if: 


Cylink
receives an unsolicited bona fide written superior offer that is not withdrawn;


Cylink's
Board of Directors concludes in good faith, after consultation with Cylink's outside legal counsel, that such action is required in order for
Cylink's Board of Directors to comply with its fiduciary obligations to Cylink's shareholders under applicable law;


Within
twenty-four hours after receipt of the superior offer, Cylink gives SafeNet written notice of the identity of the party making the
superior offer and of Cylink's intention to furnish nonpublic information to, or enter into discussions with, such party; 


At
substantially the same as furnishing any nonpublic information to the party making the superior offer, Cylink furnishes such nonpublic information to
SafeNet (to the extent such nonpublic information has not been previously furnished by Cylink to SafeNet); and


SafeNet
receives from such party an executed confidentiality agreement containing customary limitations on the use and disclosure of all nonpublic written
and oral information furnished to such party by or on behalf of Cylink. 

        Cylink
must promptly, and in any event within twenty-four hours after receipt of any acquisition proposal, inquiry or indication of interest that could lead to an acquisition
proposal or request for nonpublic information, advise SafeNet orally and in writing of the proposal, inquiry or request, the identity of the person making the proposal, inquiry or request and the
terms thereof. Cylink must keep SafeNet fully informed as to the status of any such acquisition proposal, inquiry, indication of interest or request and any modification or proposed modification
thereto. 

        Under
the terms of the merger agreement, as of October 30, 2002 Cylink has agreed to cease and cause to be terminated any existing discussions with any person that related to any
acquisition proposal. 

        In
addition, at any time prior to the completion of the merger, Cylink's Board of Directors may withhold, withdraw or modify its recommendations that Cylink shareholders adopt the merger
agreement and approve the merger if: 


An
unsolicited, bona fide written offer is made to Cylink by a third party for an "acquisition transaction" (as defined below) and such offer is not
withdrawn;


Cylink's
Board of Directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisor, that such offer constitutes a superior offer;


Following
consultation with Cylink's outside legal counsel, Cylink's Board of Directors determines that the withdrawal or modification of the recommendations
is required in order for Cylink's Board of Directors to comply with its fiduciary obligations to Cylink's shareholders under applicable law;


The
recommendations are not withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to SafeNet at any time prior to three business days after SafeNet receives written
notice from Cylink confirming that Cylink's Board of Directors has determined that such offer is a superior offer; and


For
a period of three business days after providing written notice to SafeNet of Cylink's Board of Directors' determination, Cylink, if requested by SafeNet,
must negotiate in good faith with SafeNet to make adjustments to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement as would enable the Cylink Board of Directors to continue to recommend the merger with
SafeNet on those adjusted terms. 

        Pursuant
to the merger agreement, except with respect to the execution of a definitive agreement in connection with a superior offer, Cylink has agreed not to release any person (other
than SafeNet) from, or waive any provision of any confidentiality, "standstill" or similar agreement to which Cylink is a party and to use its reasonable best efforts to enforce each such agreement at
the request of SafeNet. 

        An
"acquisition proposal" means any bona fide offer, proposal, or indication of interest received from a third party (other than an offer, proposal, inquiry or indication of interest by
SafeNet) contemplating or otherwise relating to any acquisition transaction. 

        A
"superior offer" means an acquisition proposal on terms that the Cylink Board of Directors determines, in good faith, after consultation with Cylink's outside legal counsel and
independent financial advisor, if accepted, is reasonably likely to be consummated, taking into account all legal, financial and regulatory aspects of the offer and the person making the offer, and
would, if consummated, be in the best interests of Cylink when compared to the transactions contemplated by 

the merger agreement. However, any such offer shall not be deemed to be a "superior offer" if any financing required to consummate the transaction contemplated by such offer is not committed or is
not, in the good faith judgment of Cylink, reasonably capable of being obtained by such third party on a timely basis. 

        An
"acquisition transaction" means any transaction or series of transactions involving: 


Any
merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, issuance of securities, direct or indirect acquisition of securities, tender offer, exchange
offer or other similar transaction in which Cylink or any subsidiary of Cylink is a constituent corporation, any person or "group" (as defined in the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder) of persons directly or indirectly acquires beneficial or record ownership of securities representing more than 20% of
the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of Cylink or any subsidiary of Cylink, or Cylink, or any subsidiary of Cylink, issues securities representing more than 20% of the
outstanding securities of any class of its voting securities;


Any
direct or indirect sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition or disposition of any business or businesses or of assets or rights that
constitute or account for 20% or more of the consolidated net revenues, net income or assets of Cylink or any subsidiary of Cylink; or


Any
liquidation or dissolution of Cylink or any subsidiary of Cylink. 

        The
terms of the merger agreement do not prohibit Cylink or Cylink's Board of Directors from taking and disclosing to Cylink shareholders a position with respect to a tender offer or an
exchange offer by a third party, or from making any disclosure required by applicable law. However, in connection with any acquisition proposal, Cylink's Board of Directors may not withhold, withdraw,
modify or change in a manner adverse to SafeNet, or fail to make, a recommendation that Cylink shareholders adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger, and Cylink's Board of Directors may not
approve, endorse or recommend any acquisition proposal, unless the conditions described above under the caption "
Limitation on Cylink's Ability to Consider Other Acquisition
Proposals
" beginning on page 97 are satisfied. 

Employee Benefits.  

        If requested by SafeNet, Cylink shall, immediately prior to the closing of the merger, terminate its employee benefit plans and no further contributions shall be
made to such plans. SafeNet or any of its subsidiaries, including Cylink as the surviving corporation after the completion of the merger, shall provide or cause to be provided that under each employee
benefit plan, policy, program or arrangement where service is relevant to a determination of an employee's eligibility to participate, vesting, or level or amount of benefits (other than benefit
accruals under a pension plan), employees of Cylink who become employees of SafeNet or any of its subsidiaries shall be credited with their period of service with Cylink prior to the closing of the
merger, to the extent permitted by applicable law and applicable tax qualification requirements, and subject to any generally applicable break in service or similar rules. Subject to the approval of
any insurance carrier and to the extent consistent with applicable law and applicable tax qualification requirements, SafeNet or any of its subsidiaries shall make available to those employees of
Cylink who become employees of SafeNet or any of its subsidiaries employee benefit plans and programs, without regard to any preexisting condition limitation, actively-at-work
requirement or similar limitation, provided, and only to the extent, that any analogous restriction applied to such employee under an analogous plan of Cylink had been satisfied as of the closing of
the merger. 

Indemnification.  

        Following the merger, Cylink, as the surviving corporation, will indemnify (1) each named current or former director and officer of Cylink or any of its
subsidiaries as an insured party in Cylink's directors' and officers' liability insurance policies as of October 30, 2002 and (2) those persons covered by indemnification agreements
effective as October 30, 2002 to the extent provided in Cylink's current articles of incorporation, bylaws or existing indemnification agreements. The surviving corporation also will provide,
for a period of six years after the effective time of the merger, directors' and officers' liability insurance for acts and omissions occurring on or prior to the effective time of the merger. See
"
The MergerInterests of Cylink's Officers and Directors in the MergerIndemnification and Directors' and Officers' Insurance
"
on page 81 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

Conditions to Completion of the Merger.  

        Conditions to SafeNet's and Cylink's Obligation to Complete the Merger.
    The obligations of SafeNet
and Cylink to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions before the completion of the merger: 


The
merger agreement, the agreement of merger and the merger must have been adopted and approved by Cylink shareholders and the merger agreement, the merger
and the issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the merger must have been adopted and approved by SafeNet stockholders;


No
provision of any applicable law or regulation and no judgment, injunction, order or decree prohibits the completion of the merger or the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;


The
registration statement on Form S-4 relating to the merger must have become effective and must not be the subject of any stop order or
proceedings seeking a stop order, and any material "blue sky" or
other state securities laws applicable to the registration and qualification of shares of SafeNet's common stock must have been complied with;


The
SafeNet common stock to be issued in the merger must be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of issuance; and


SafeNet,
Sapphire Acquisition Corp. and Cylink must have timely obtained from each governmental body all approvals, waivers and consents, if any, necessary
for completion of the merger and any material transaction contemplated by the merger agreement. 

        Conditions to SafeNet's Obligation to Complete the Merger.
    The obligations of SafeNet to complete the
merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions before the completion of the merger: 


There
must not be pending or threatened any legal proceeding in which a governmental body is:

(1)
Challenging
or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the merger or any other material transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

(2)
Seeking
to prohibit or limit in any material respect SafeNet's or any subsidiary of SafeNet's ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights
with respect to the stock of the surviving corporation;

(3)
Seeking
to materially and adversely affect the right of SafeNet, the surviving corporation or any of their respective subsidiaries to own the assets or operate the business of Cylink
or any subsidiary of Cylink; or 

(4)
Seeking
to compel Cylink, SafeNet or any of their respective subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate any material assets as a result of the merger or any of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement; 


Cylink
must have performed or complied in all material respects with its covenants, obligations or agreements required to be performed or complied with under
the merger agreement prior to the effective time of the merger;


The
representations and warranties of Cylink contained in the merger agreement must have been accurate as of October 30, 2002 and must be accurate on
and as of the effective date of the merger, except:

(1)
Where
the failure to be accurate has not had, and is not reasonably expected to have, a material adverse effect on Cylink;

(2)
For
changes contemplated by the merger agreement; and

(3)
For
those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date, which representations must have been true (subject to the material adverse effect
qualifications and limitations described above) as of such particular date; 


There
must not have been a material adverse effect on Cylink or any of its subsidiaries;


Holders
of less than 10% in the aggregate of Cylink common stock shall have filed demands for payment under Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code or
shall otherwise continue to have dissenters' rights under Chapter 13 of the California Corporations Code;


SafeNet
must have received an opinion from Venable, Baetjer and Howard, LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to SafeNet, to the effect that the
merger will be a "reorganization" for federal income tax purposes, and the opinion must not have been subsequently rescinded;


Cylink
and the plaintiffs in a class action securities suit involving Cylink must have entered into a stipulation and settlement agreement substantially in
the form attached to the merger agreement; and


The
amendment to a certain lease to which Cylink is a party and the warrant to be issued by Cylink in connection with such lease amendment must have been
approved by all required parties on terms and conditions no less favorable to Cylink than set forth in the draft amendment and warrant provided to SafeNet prior to the execution of the merger
agreement. 

As
of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, Cylink has satisfied certain of the above closing conditions to SafeNet's obligation to complete the merger. 


Specifically,
on October 16, 2002, Cylink entered into an agreement with all plaintiffs to settle the several securities class action complaints that
were filed against Cylink and certain of its current and former Directors and officers in federal courts in California for $6.2 million. The securities class action lawsuits were ordered
consolidated into a single action pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned In Re Cylink Securities Litigation, No. C98-4292 (VRW). The
settlement amount will be paid entirely from insurance proceeds under insurance policies held by Cylink. The settlement agreement is subject to approval by the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California. The court preliminarily approved the settlement agreement on November 12, 2002 and Cylink expects that the settlement agreement will receive final approval in
March 2003. For more information on this lawsuit and the settlement, see Part II, Item 1. "
Legal Proceedings.
" in Cylink's Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-Q/A for the period ended September 29, 2002 which Quarterly Reports are incorporated by reference herein and are attached as 

 Exhibit 13.3
 and 
Exhibit 13.4
 to this proxy statement/prospectus. The Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement
filed on November 5, 2002 in the referenced action is attached as an exhibit to Cylink's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 29, 2002. 


Also,
on October 30, 2002, Cylink entered into a lease modification agreement with its landlord for its Santa Clara headquarters and manufacturing
facility to terminate its lease obligations on approximately 46,724 square feet effective November 1, 2002, and another 49,104 square feet effective March 1, 2003 in exchange for the
payment of $3.2 million, $1.0 million to come from an existing security deposit held by the landlord, and a warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of Cylink common stock at a price of
$0.3838 per share (the average closing price of Cylink's common stock for the 15 business days prior to the effective date of the lease modification agreement). Cylink will continue to lease
approximately 46,724 square feet as its headquarters and manufacturing facility from the existing landlord at the previous rates set forth in its lease agreement. The Second Amendment to Lease and
Partial Termination Agreement, Assignment of Sublease; Consent of Landlord and Warrant effecting the above are attached as exhibits to Cylink's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 29, 2002. 

        Conditions to Cylink's Obligation to Complete the Merger.
    The obligations of Cylink to complete the
merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions before the completion of the merger: 


Each
of SafeNet and Sapphire Acquisition Corp. must have performed or complied in all material respects with its covenants, obligations or agreements
required to be performed or complied with under the merger agreement prior to the effective time of the merger;


The
representations and warranties of each of SafeNet and Sapphire Acquisition Corp. contained in the merger agreement must have been accurate as of
October 30, 2002 and must be accurate on and as of the effective date of the merger, except:

(1)
Where
the failure to be accurate has not had, and is not reasonably expected to have, a material adverse effect on SafeNet;

(2)
For
changes contemplated by the merger agreement; and

(3)
For
those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date, which representations must have been true (subject to the material adverse effect
qualifications and limitations described above) as of such particular date; 


There
must not have been a material adverse effect on SafeNet; and


Cylink
must have received an opinion from Morrison & Foerster LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Cylink, to the effect that the
merger will be a "reorganization" for federal income tax purposes, and the opinion must not have been subsequently rescinded. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement.  

        Termination by Mutual Agreement.
    SafeNet and Cylink may terminate the merger agreement at any time
prior to the completion of the merger by mutual written consent. 

        Termination by either SafeNet or Cylink.
    Either SafeNet or Cylink may terminate the merger agreement
at any time prior to the effective time of the merger if: 


The
merger has not been completed on or before March 29, 2003, or a later date agreed upon by written mutual consent of both SafeNet and Cylink,
except that the right to terminate the merger agreement for this reason is not available to any party whose action or failure to act has been the cause of the failure of the merger to have been
completed on or before such date and the action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the merger agreement; 


Holders
of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Cylink common stock do not vote to adopt and approve the merger agreement and merger at the
Cylink special meeting;


Holders
of at least a majority of the shares of SafeNet common stock present in person or by proxy at the SafeNet special meeting do not vote to approve the
issuance of shares of SafeNet common stock pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement; or


A
court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental body issues a final and nonappealable order, decree or ruling, or takes any other action, having the
effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or other prohibiting the merger. 

        Termination by SafeNet.
    SafeNet may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to the effective
time of the merger, if any of the following "triggering events" occurs: 


Cylink's
Board of Directors fails to recommend that Cylink shareholders vote to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger;


Cylink's
Board of Directors withdraws or modifies in a manner adverse to SafeNet its recommendation that Cylink shareholders adopt and approve the merger
agreement and the merger;


Cylink
fails to include its recommendation that Cylink shareholders adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger in this proxy statement/prospectus;


Cylink's
Board of Directors approves, endorsers or recommends, or resolves or announces an intention to approve, endorse or recommend, any acquisition
proposal;


Cylink
enters into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract relating to any acquisition proposal;


Any
tender offer or exchange offer relating to securities of Cylink is commenced and either (1) Cylink recommends acceptance of the tender offer or
exchange offer, (2) Cylink does not send to its securityholders, within 10 business days of the commencement of the tender offer or exchange offer, a statement recommending rejection of such
tender offer or exchange offer, or (3) Cylink's Board of Directors fails to reaffirm in writing, within five business days after a written request from SafeNet, the recommendation that Cylink
shareholders adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger;


An
acquisition proposal is publicly announced, and Cylink either (1) fails to issue a press release announcing its opposition to such acquisition
proposal within five business days after such acquisition proposal is announced, or (2) Cylink's Board of Directors fails to reaffirm in writing, within five business days after a written
request from SafeNet, the recommendation that Cylink shareholders adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger; or


Cylink
breaches its obligations described in the section titled "
Terms of the Merger AgreementLimitation on Cylink's
Ability to Consider Other Acquisition Proposals
" beginning on page 97 of this proxy statement/prospectus, except for any inadvertent breach of any notice provision that is
cured within forty-eight hours of its occurrence. 

        In
addition, SafeNet may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to the effective time of the merger if: 


Any
of the representations and warranties of Cylink contained in the merger agreement were inaccurate as of October 30, 2002 or have become inaccurate
after such date, provided that:

(1)
Such
inaccuracy is not the result of changes contemplated by the merger agreement and has had, or is reasonably expected to have, a material adverse effect on Cylink; 

(2)
Cylink
does not cure such inaccuracy within 20 days after it receives written notice of such inaccuracy; and

(3)
SafeNet
is not in breach of the merger agreement; 


Cylink
is in breach of any of its covenants, obligations or agreements required to be performed or complied with under the merger agreement prior to the
effective time of the merger, provided that:

(1)
Cylink
does not cure such breach within 20 days after it receives written notice of such breach (other than any breach of it obligations described in the section titled
"
Terms of the Merger AgreementLimitation on Cylink's Ability to Consider Other Acquisition Proposals
" beginning on page 97 of this proxy
statement/prospectus or its obligations under the merger agreement with respect to public statements regarding the merger, which obligations cannot be cured); and

(2)
SafeNet
is not in breach of the merger agreement; or 


There
has been a material adverse effect on Cylink or any of its subsidiaries. 

        Termination by Cylink.
    Cylink may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to the effective
time of the merger if: 


Any
of the representations and warranties of SafeNet contained in the merger agreement were inaccurate as of October 30, 2002 or have become
inaccurate after such date, provided that:

(1)
Such
inaccuracy is not the result of changes contemplated by the merger agreement and has had, or is reasonably expected to have, a material adverse effect on SafeNet;

(2)
SafeNet
does not cure such inaccuracy within 20 days after it receives written notice of such inaccuracy; and

(3)
Cylink
is not in breach of the merger agreement; 


SafeNet
is in breach of any of its covenants, obligations or agreements required to be performed or complied with under the merger agreement prior to the
effective time of the merger, provided that:

(1)
SafeNet
does not cure such breach within 20 days after it receives written notice of such breach (other than any breach of it obligations under the merger agreement with
respect to public statements regarding the merger, which obligations cannot be cured); and

(2)
Cylink
is not in breach of the merger agreement; or 


There
has been a material adverse effect on SafeNet. 

        If
the merger agreement is terminated pursuant to any of the provisions described above in this section, the merger agreement will become void and of no effect, with no liability on the
part of SafeNet or Cylink, except as described below under the caption titled "
Terms of the Merger AgreementTermination Fee; Expenses.
" The
agreements in the merger agreement related to SafeNet's and Cylink's ability to terminate the merger agreement are complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read sections 7.1
and 7.2 of the merger agreement titled 
"Termination"
 and 
"Effect of Termination,"
 respectively. 

Termination Fee; Expenses.  

        Termination Fee.
    Cylink has agreed to pay to SafeNet a termination fee in cash if the merger
agreement is terminated and any of the following additional circumstances exist: 


The
merger agreement is terminated by SafeNet because a triggering event has occurred; or


The
merger agreement is terminated by either SafeNet or Cylink because (1) the merger has not been completed on or before March 29, 2003 (or a
later date agreed upon by SafeNet and Cylink), or (2) Cylink shareholders do not vote at the Cylink special meeting to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the merger, and:

(1)
At
or prior to the termination of the merger agreement, an acquisition proposal is disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted or made; and

(2)
Within
nine months following the termination of the merger agreement, Cylink enters into a definitive agreement related to, or consummates, an Acquisition Transaction with any person. 

        The
amount of the termination fee will equal the product determined by multiplying: 


0.05;
by


The
product determined by multiplying $19.02, the closing sale price of SafeNet common stock on October 29, 2002, by the total number of shares of
SafeNet common stock issued pursuant to the merger. 

        Based
on the number of shares of Cylink common stock outstanding on November 25, 2002, the termination fee would be $1,572,260. 

        Expenses.
    The merger agreement provides that all expenses, other than any termination fee, incurred
in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are to be paid by the party incurring such expenses, except that if: 


The
merger agreement is terminated by SafeNet because Cylink has breached any of its representations and warranties or any of its covenants, obligations or
agreements under the merger agreement, or there has been a material adverse effect on Cylink or any of its subsidiaries; or


The
merger agreement is terminated by Cylink because SafeNet has breached any of its representations and warranties or any of its covenants, obligations or
agreements under the merger agreement, or there has been a material adverse effect on SafeNet; 

the
terminating party will be entitled to reimbursement within two (2) business days after the breaching party receives termination notice for all of the actual, documented, reasonable costs
and expenses incurred by such party in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated under the merger agreement and to seek recovery for any actual damages incurred. 

Amendments to the Merger Agreement; Waiver.  

        Amendments.
    The merger agreement may be amended by SafeNet's or Cylink's Boards of Directors at any time (whether before or
after adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the merger by Cylink shareholders) if the amendment is in writing and signed by SafeNet and Cylink. However, after the adoption and approval of
the merger agreement and the merger by the Cylink shareholders, no amendment shall be made which by law requires further approval of Cylink shareholders without the further approval of Cylink
shareholders. 

        Waiver.
    At any time prior to the closing date of the merger, SafeNet or Cylink may waive any inaccuracy in the
representations and warranties in the merger agreement or waive compliance by the other party with any agreement or condition contained in the merger agreement if such waiver is in writing and signed
by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. 

Restrictions on the Ability of Affiliates of Cylink to Sell SafeNet Stock.  

        Under the merger agreement, SafeNet will be entitled to place appropriate legends on the certificates evidencing any SafeNet common stock to be received by
affiliates of Cylink. In addition, affiliates of Cylink have also acknowledged the resale restrictions imposed by Rule 145 under the Securities Act on shares of SafeNet common stock to be
received by them in the merger. All shares of SafeNet common stock received by you in connection with the merger will be freely transferable unless you are considered an affiliate of either SafeNet or
Cylink under the federal securities laws. Shares of SafeNet common stock held by affiliates of SafeNet may only be sold pursuant to a registration statement or exemption under the Securities Act, or
as permitted under the rules of the Securities Act. 

Operations After the Merger.  

        Following the merger, Cylink will continue its operations as a wholly-owned subsidiary of SafeNet. Some officers of SafeNet may serve as officers of Cylink Some
of the executives of Cylink may assume certain roles and positions with either the surviving corporation or SafeNet as described under "
The MergerInterests of
Cylink's Officers and Directors in the Merger
" beginning on page 78 of this proxy statement/prospectus. The shareholders of Cylink will become stockholders of SafeNet, and
their rights as stockholders of SafeNet will be governed by the SafeNet certificate of incorporation, as currently in effect, the SafeNet bylaws and the laws of the State of Delaware. See
"
Comparative Rights of SafeNet Stockholders and Cylink Shareholders
" beginning on page 119 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

THE VOTING AGREEMENTS    

        On October 30, 2002, as an essential condition and inducement to SafeNet and Sapphire Acquisition Corp. entering into the merger agreement, SafeNet,
Sapphire Acquisition Corp., all of the Directors and executive officers and certain affiliates of Cylink and the Cylink Directors, referred to herein as the Cylink Principal Shareholders, entered into
a voting agreement. Also on October 30, 2002, as an essential condition and inducement to Cylink entering into the merger agreement, Anthony A. Caputo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer of SafeNet, entered into a voting agreement. 

The following is a description of the material terms of these voting agreements. Complete forms of these voting agreements are attached as  
Annex B-1
 and 
Annex B-2
, respectively, to this proxy statement/prospectus and
are incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference. All Cylink shareholders and SafeNet stockholders are urged to read the forms of these voting agreements carefully and in their
entirety.

Cylink Principal Shareholders Voting Agreement.  

        Under the Cylink Principal Shareholders voting agreement, the Cylink Principal Shareholders have agreed to vote, or cause the record holders of their Cylink
securities to vote, the Cylink common stock beneficially owned by them as of October 30, 2002, and any other voting interests in Cylink acquired by them after October 30, 2002, in the
following manner: 


In
favor of the merger and the adoption of the merger agreement and any other actions contemplated by the merger agreement in connection with any meeting of,
or solicitation of consents from, Cylink shareholders where such matters are submitted to a vote of Cylink shareholders;


Against
any action or agreement that would result in a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Cylink under the merger agreement;


Against
any action or agreement that would cause any of the conditions to the merger under the merger agreement to not be satisfied;


Against
approval or adoption of any extraordinary corporate transaction (other than the merger);


Against
any Acquisition Proposal (other than the merger);


Against
any change in a majority of the members of the Cylink Board of Directors; and


Against
any other action that is intended to, or could reasonably be expected to, impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect the
completion of the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the voting agreement. 

        The
Cylink common stock beneficially owned by the Cylink Principal Shareholders represented approximately 23% of the shares of Cylink common stock outstanding as of October 30,
2002. The Cylink Principal Stockholders consist of the following persons: 


Leo
A. Guthart;


Topspin
Associates L.P.;


Topspin
Partners, L.P.;


James
H. Simons;


Shining
Sea Limited;


William
P. Crowell; 


Paul
Gauvreau;


Regis
McKenna;


Howard
Morgan;


William
Harris;


Robert
B. Fougner;


R.
Christopher Chillingworth;


Richard
Walsh;


Philip
Breeden;


Patrick
K. Reilly; and


Pamela
Drew. 

        Under
the voting agreements, each Cylink Principal Shareholder delivered an irrevocable proxy to SafeNet to vote the Cylink shares of such Cylink Principal Shareholder in favor of the
merger, as described under "
Irrevocable Proxies
" below. 

        Pursuant
to the voting agreements, each of the Cylink Principal Shareholders has agreed not to take any of the following actions until the effective time of the merger or the valid
termination of the merger agreement: 


Cause
or permit any transfer or other disposition of any shares of Cylink capital stock beneficially owned by such Cylink Principal Shareholder;


Tender
any shares of Cylink capital stock beneficially owned by such Cylink Principal Shareholder to any person;


Create
or permit to exist any encumbrance with respect to any shares of Cylink capital stock beneficially owned by such Cylink Principal Shareholder;


Deposit
any shares of Cylink capital stock beneficially owned by such Cylink Principal Shareholder into a voting trust with instructions inconsistent with
the provisions of the voting agreement; or


Grant
any other proxy or enter into any other voting arrangements with respect to any shares of Cylink capital stock beneficially owned by such Cylink
Principal Shareholder. 

        The
voting agreements will terminate on the earlier to occur of the effective time of the merger or on the date the merger agreement is validly terminated. 

        Irrevocable Proxies.
    Under the voting agreements, and as a condition and inducement to SafeNet
entering into the merger agreement, each Cylink Principal Shareholder granted an irrevocable proxy dated October 30, 2002 to SafeNet, with power of substitution and resubstitution. Under the
terms of each proxy, SafeNet has the authority to vote the Cylink common stock owned by the applicable Cylink Principal Shareholder as of October 30, 2002, together with all other shares of
Cylink capital stock the Cylink Principal Shareholder acquires after October 30, 2002, in favor of the adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. Each proxy authorizes SafeNet to vote these shares at any meeting of shareholders of Cylink, or in connection with any solicitation of written consents from
shareholders of Cylink, called or solicited for the purpose of voting on the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Each proxy is coupled with an
interest and is irrevocable. The proxy and the rights contained in it will terminate upon the termination of the voting agreements. 

Anthony A. Caputo Voting Agreement.  

        Under Mr. Caputo's voting agreement, Mr. Caputo have agreed to vote, or cause the record holders of his SafeNet securities to vote, the SafeNet
common stock beneficially owned by him as of October 30, 2002, and any other voting interests in SafeNet acquired by him after October 30, 2002, in favor of the merger and the adoption
of the merger agreement and any other actions contemplated by the merger
agreement in connection with any meeting of, or solicitation of consents from, SafeNet stockholders where such matters are submitted to a vote of SafeNet stockholders. 

        Under
the voting agreement, Mr. Caputo delivered an irrevocable proxy to Cylink to vote his SafeNet shares in favor of the merger, as described under
"
Irrevocable Proxy
" below. 

        Pursuant
to the voting agreement, Mr. Caputo has agreed not to take any of the following actions until the effective time of the merger or the valid termination of the merger
agreement: 


Cause
or permit any transfer or other disposition of any shares of SafeNet capital stock beneficially owned by him;


Tender
any shares of SafeNet capital stock beneficially owned by him to any person;


Create
or permit to exist any encumbrance with respect to any shares of SafeNet capital stock beneficially owned by him;


Deposit
any shares of SafeNet capital stock beneficially owned by him into a voting trust with instructions inconsistent with the provisions of the voting
agreement; or


Grant
any other proxy or enter into any other voting arrangements with respect to any shares of SafeNet capital stock beneficially owned by him. 

        The
voting agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of the effective time of the merger or on the date the merger agreement is validly terminated. 

        Irrevocable Proxy.
    Under the voting agreement, and as a condition and inducement to Cylink entering
into the merger agreement, Mr. Caputo granted an irrevocable proxy dated October 30, 2002 to Cylink, with power of substitution and resubstitution. Under the terms of the proxy, Cylink
has the authority to vote the SafeNet common stock owned by Mr. Caputo as of October 30, 2002, together with all other shares of SafeNet capital stock Mr. Caputo acquires after
October 30, 2002, in favor of the adoption and approval of the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The proxy authorizes Cylink to vote
these shares at any meeting of stockholders of SafeNet, or in connection with any solicitation of written consents from stockholders of SafeNet, called or solicited for the purpose of voting on the
merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. The proxy is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. The proxy and the rights contained in it will terminate upon the termination of the voting agreements. 

INFORMATION RELATING TO CYLINK    

        Cylink has elected to deliver this proxy statement/prospectus together with a copy of its latest Form 10-K filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) or
15(d) of the Exchange Act. This proxy statement/prospectus is accompanied by a copy of Cylink's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001 and Cylink's
Amended Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. Copies of Cylink's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001 and
Cylink's Amended Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001 are attached as 
Exhibits 13.1 and 13.2
, respectively, to this
proxy statement/prospectus. 

        Cylink
has also elected to provide financial and other information with respect to Cylink in the form required by Part I of Form 10-Q as of the end of its most
recent fiscal quarter which ended after the end of its 2001 fiscal year for which audited financial statements were included in Cylink's Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2001 by providing without charge to each person to whom this proxy statement/prospectus is delivered a copy of Cylink's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 29, 2002, and a copy of Cylink's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended September 29, 2002. A copy of Cylink's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended September 29, 2002 and a copy of Cylink's Amended Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the period ended September 29, 2002 are
attached as 
Exhibit 13.3
 and 
Exhibit 13.4
, respectively, to this proxy
statement/prospectus. 

        There
have been no material changes in Cylink's affairs which have occurred since the end of the latest fiscal year for which audited financial statements were included in its latest
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001 and that were not described in Cylink's Form 10-Q and Form 10-Q/A for the period ended
September 29, 2002. 

        With
respect to the above disclosures, the following documents are hereby incorporated by reference and are attached as exhibits to this proxy statement/prospectus: 



As Cylink has elected to deliver its latest annual report to security holders, the information furnished in accordance with the following:



Item 101(b), (c)(1)(i) and (d) of Regulation S-K, segments, classes of similar products or services, foreign and domestic operations and export sales;



Item 201 of Regulation S-K, market price of and dividends on the registrant's common equity and related stockholder matters;



Item 301 of Regulation S-K, selected financial data;



Item 302 of Regulation S-K, supplementary financial information;



Item 303 of Regulation S-K, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations;



Item 304 of Regulation S-K, disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure; and



Item 305 of Regulation S-K, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.



As Cylink has elected to provide a copy of its latest quarterly report which was delivered to security holders, the financial information equivalent to that required to be presented in Part I of Form 10-Q.

        The
copies of Cylink's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, Cylink's Amended Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2001, Cylink's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 29, 2002 and Cylink's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the period
ended September 29, 2002 attached to this proxy statement/prospectus do not contain copies of the exhibits that Cylink filed with such reports. For more information on how to receive copies of
these exhibits, please see the section entitled 
"Where You Can Find More Information"
 beginning on page 131 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA    

        The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statements of Operations combine the historical consolidated statements of operations of SafeNet and Cylink as if the
merger had occurred on January 1, 2001. The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 also includes the effect of SafeNet's
previous acquisition of Pijnenburg Securealink, Inc. (Securealink), which occurred on January 2, 2002. The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Balance Sheet combines the historical
consolidated balance sheet of SafeNet and the historical consolidated balance sheet of Cylink, giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred on September 30, 2002. SafeNet has adjusted the
historical consolidated financial information to give effect to pro forma events that are (1) directly attributable to the merger, (2) factually supportable, and (3) with respect
to the statements of operations, expected to have a continuing impact on the combined results. You should read this information in conjunction with the: 


Accompanying
notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Data;


Separate
historical unaudited financial statements of SafeNet as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2002 included in SafeNet's Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the nine month period ended September 30, 2002, which is incorporated by reference into this document;


Separate
historical financial statements of SafeNet as of and for the year ended December 31, 2001 included in SafeNet's Current Report on
Form 8-K dated May 7, 2002 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2002, which is incorporated by reference into this document;


Separate
pro forma financial statements of SafeNet for the year ended December 31, 2001 to reflect the acquisition of Securealink as if it occurred on
January 1, 2001, included in SafeNet's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 2, 2002 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2002,
which is incorporated by reference into this document;


Separate
historical unaudited financial statements of Cylink as of and for the nine months ended September 29, 2002 included in Cylink's Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q/A for the nine month period ended September 29, 2002, which is incorporated by reference into this document;


Separate
historical financial statements of Cylink as of and for the year ended December 31, 2001 included in Cylink's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, which is incorporated by reference into this document; 

        The
unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information is presented for informational purposes only. The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of what the
financial position or results of operations actually would have been had the mergers been completed at the dates indicated. In addition, the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
information does not purport to project the future financial position or operating results of the combined company. 

        The
unaudited combined condensed financial information was prepared using the purchase method of accounting with SafeNet treated as the acquiror. Accordingly, SafeNet's cost to acquire
Cylink will be allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. The allocation is dependent upon certain valuations
and other studies that have not progressed to a stage where there is sufficient information to make a definitive allocation. Accordingly, the purchase price allocation pro forma adjustments have been
made solely for the purpose of providing unaudited combined condensed financial information. A final determination of the fair values of Cylink's assets and liabilities will be based on the actual net
tangible and intangible assets of Cylink that exist as of the date of completion of the merger and such valuations could change significantly upon the completion of further analyses and asset
valuations from those used in the pro forma combined financial data presented below. 

SAFENET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
  UNAUDITED COMBINED CONDENSED
  PRO FORMA STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001
  (in thousands, except per share amounts)    

Historical

SafeNet

Historical

Securealink

Pro Forma

Adjustments

Pro Forma

SafeNet

Historical

Cylink

Pro Forma

Adjustments

Combined

Pro Forma

Revenues

$

16,462

$

6,883

$



$

23,345

$

48,566

$



$

71,911

Cost of revenues

4,525

4,960

  (1)

9,621

18,637



28,258

Gross profit

11,937

1,923

(136

)

13,724

29,929



43,653

Research and development expenses

6,119

1,996



8,115

16,961



25,076

Sales and marketing expenses

5,060

1,935



6,995

16,288



23,283

General and administrative expense

2,203



2,848

10,528



13,376

Amortization of acquired intangible assets





1,267

  (2)

1,267

3,215

  (h)(j)

5,004

Loss from divestiture









2,661



2,661

Restructuring charges









1,992



1,992

Total operating expenses

13,382

4,576

1,267

19,225

51,645

71,392

Operating loss

(1,445

)

(2,653

)

(1,403

)

(5,501

)

(21,716

)

(522

)

(27,739

)

Interest and other income, net

1,336

(108

)

(100

)(3)

1,128



1,675

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes

(109

)

(2,761

)

(1,503

)

(4,373

)

(21,169

)

(522

)

(26,064

)

Income tax benefit









(1,119

)



(1,119

)

Loss from continuing operations

$

(109

)

$

(2,761

)

$

(1,503

)

$

(4,373

)

$

(20,050

)

$

(522

)

$

(24,945

)

Loss from continuing operations per common share

Basic

$

(0.02

)

$

(0.57

)

$

(0.62

)

$

(2.69

)

Diluted

$

(0.02

)

$

(0.57

)

$

(0.62

)

$

(2.69

)

Shares used in computation

Basic

7,057

7,632

32,534

9,266

Diluted

7,057

7,632

32,534

9,266

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

SAFENET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
  UNAUDITED COMBINED CONDENSED
  PRO FORMA STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2002
  (in thousands, except per share amounts)    

Historical

SafeNet

Historical

Cylink

Pro Forma

Adjustments

Combined

Pro Forma

Revenues

$

22,409

$

21,572

$



$

43,981

Cost of revenues

6,594

7,552



14,146

Gross profit

15,815

14,020



29,835

Research and development expenses

6,546

8,305



14,851

Sales and marketing expenses

5,198

8,038



13,236

General and administrative expense

2,634

5,149



7,783

Write-off of acquired in-process research and development costs

3,375





3,375

Amortization of acquired intangible assets

1,102

1,431

1,371

 (h)(j)

3,904

Impairment of goodwill



6,193

(6,193

)(i)



Restructuring charges



2,043



2,043

Total operating expenses

18,855

31,159

(4,822

)

45,192

Operating loss

(3,040

)

(17,139

)

(4,822

)

(15,357

)

Interest and other income, net



Loss from continuing operations before income taxes

(2,619

)

(16,760

)

(4,822

)

(14,557

)

Income tax benefit



(334

)



(334

)

Loss from continuing operations

$

(2,619

)

$

(16,426

)

$

(4,822

)

$

(14,223

)

Loss from continuing operations per common share

Basic

$

(0.34

)

$

(0.50

)



$

(1.52

)

Diluted

$

(0.34

)

$

(0.50

)



$

(1.52

)

Shares used in computation

Basic

7,701

32,912

9,345

Diluted

7,701

32,912

9,345

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

SAFENET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
  UNAUDITED COMBINED CONDENSED
  PRO FORMA BALANCE SHEET
  AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2002
  (dollars in thousands)    

Historical

SafeNet

Historical

Cylink

Pro Forma

Adjustments

Combined

Pro Forma

Assets

Current Assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

5,382

$

8,175

$



$

13,557

Short-term investments

22,448





22,448

Accounts receivable, net

3,934

5,425



9,359

Income tax receivable





Insurance claim receivable



6,200



6,200

Inventories, net

1,219

3,565



4,784

Other current assets

1,012

1,171



2,183

Current assets of discontinued operations





Total current assets

34,013

25,011



59,024

Restricted cash



1,400



1,400

Equipment and leasehold improvements, net

1,500

4,553



6,053

Computer software development costs, net





Goodwill and other intangible assets, net

12,413

8,996

15,919

  (a)(b)(d)(e)(f)

37,328

Note receivable, employee



1,074

(1,074

)(g)



Other assets

(155

)(d)

1,396

$

49,432

$

41,586

$

14,690

$

105,708

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity

Current liabilities:

Short-term borrowings

$



$

$



$

Accounts payable

1,833

1,583



3,416

Accrued salaries and commissions

1,545





1,545

Other accrued expenses

6,808

6,951

  (c)(d)(e)

14,722

Legal settlement payable



6,200



6,200

Income taxes payable





Advance payments and deferred revenue

1,112

1,824

(1,140

)(f)

1,796

Current liabilities of discontinued operations





Total current liabilities

6,021

16,860

5,811

28,692

Restructuring accruals



1,140



1,140

Deferred revenue, less current portion



(6

)(f)

Stockholders' equity:

Common stock

(314

)(a)(b)

Additional paid-in capital

63,944

158,449

(126,004

)(a)(b)(c)

96,389

Accumulated deficit

(22,171

)

(135,208

)

135,208

  (b)

(22,171

)

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

1,560

(5

)(b)

1,560

Net stockholders' equity

43,411

23,577

8,885

75,873

$

49,432

$

41,586

$

14,690

$

105,708

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)    

Note 1    
The Merger with Cylink  

        The merger agreement requires SafeNet to issue to the Cylink shareholders 0.05 of a share of SafeNet common stock for each share of Cylink common stock
outstanding when the merger closes. SafeNet will not issue fractional shares in the merger. As a result, the total number of shares of SafeNet common stock that each Cylink shareholder will receive in
the merger will be rounded down to the nearest whole number, and each Cylink shareholder will receive a cash payment for the remaining fraction of a share of SafeNet common stock that he or she would
otherwise receive, if any, based on the market value of SafeNet common stock at the close of business at the date the merger becomes effective. 

        SafeNet
will also assume certain outstanding vested stock options held by certain Cylink employees and outstanding vested warrants to purchase Cylink common stock. The merger will be
treated as a purchase by SafeNet under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Under the purchase method, the purchase price for accounting purposes is calculated using the fair
market value of the SafeNet common stock issued to Cylink shareholders, plus the value of Cylink's stock options and warrants assumed by SafeNet and estimated acquisition related costs. A preliminary
estimate of the purchase price for Cylink is as follows: 

Number of shares of Cylink common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2002

33,002

Exchange ratio

0.05

Number of shares of SafeNet common stock to be issued

1,650.1

Multiplied by SafeNet's average stock price for the period three days before through three days after the signing of the merger agreement

$

18.59

Estimated fair value of SafeNet's common stock to be issued

$

30,675

Estimated fair value of Cylink's stock options and warrants to be assumed by SafeNet

2,102

Estimated acquisition related costs to be incurred by SafeNet

Estimated purchase price

$

32,777

        The
stock options to be issued in conjunction with the merger with Cylink were valued using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model, a generally accepted option valuation methodology,
with the following assumptions: 

Stock price on date of grant

$

18.59

Expected price volatility

1.14-1.53

Risk free interest rate

3.61%-4.66%

Weighted-average exercise price

$

8.49

Expected dividend yield

0%

Expected life

1-3 Years

        The
stock price on the date of grant was calculated using the average closing price of SafeNet's stock for the three days before through the three days after the signing of the merger
agreement. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the above assumptions calculated a weighted-average value of $10.40 per share. This value was assigned to the 172 stock options expected to be
assumed by SafeNet as of September 30, 2002 to determine a fair value of approximately $1,787. The value of the warrants 

of $316 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with assumptions similar to the common stock options. 

        The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet and statements of operations are not necessarily indicative of the financial position and operating results that would have been
achieved had the merger been completed as of the beginning of the earliest periods presented. They should not be construed as being a representation of financial position or future operating results
of the combined companies. Management does not expect significant changes to the preliminary valuation of the transaction. However, the final purchase price allocation could be significantly different
from the amounts reflected in the unaudited pro forma combined condensed information. In addition, the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information gives effect only to the adjustments
set forth in the accompanying notes and does not reflect any integration or merger related costs, or any potential cost savings or other synergies that management expects to realize as a result of the
merger. 

Note 2    
The Merger with Securealink  

        On January 2, 2002, SafeNet acquired 100% of the outstanding common shares of Pijnenburg Securealink, Inc. (Securealink) in accordance with an
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated December 14, 2001. The purchase price the Company paid to the stockholders of Securealink in connection with the acquisition totaled $14,780 and
consisted of the following: 

Number of SafeNet shares of common stock

Multiplied by SafeNet's average stock price for the period three days before through three days after the closing of the transaction

$

18.50

Estimated fair value of SafeNet's common stock to be issued

10,638

Cash paid to sellers

2,000

Contingent convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million, the resolution and payment of which were satisfied on May 16, 2002 in the aggregate amount of $1.6 million

1,617

Estimated acquisition related costs to be incurred by SafeNet

Estimated purchase price

$

14,780

        For
more information on the merger with Securealink, refer to SafeNet's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 2, 2002 and filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 18, 2002, which is incorporated by reference into this document. 

Note 3    
Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements  

        The adjustments to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of September 30, 2002 and the pro forma condensed combined statements of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2002 in connection with the proposed merger with Cylink and the completed merger with
Securealink are presented below: 

 Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2002  

        (a) The fair values of Cylink's net assets have been estimated for the purpose of allocating the purchase price and determining the pro forma effect of the
acquisition on the combined financial 

statements. The estimated purchase price of $32,777 has been assigned to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows: 

Current and other assets at September 30, 2002

$

31,676

Goodwill and other intangibles

24,915

$

56,591

Less liabilities assumed and acrued by SafeNet as of September 30, 2002

(23,814

)

$

32,777

        (b)
This adjustment is to eliminate the common stock ($331), additional paid in capital ($158,449), accumulated deficit ($135,208), and accumulated other comprehensive loss ($5) of
Cylink. 

        (c)
This adjustment is an estimate of the costs to register the securities to be issued to Cylink's stockholders totaling $315. 

        (d)
This adjustment is an estimate of the acquisition costs to complete the merger. This adjustment includes SafeNet's estimated costs totaling $975, of which $155 has been accrued and
deferred in the September 30, 2002 balance sheet. This adjustment also includes Cylink's estimated costs to be incurred subsequent to September 30, 2002 of $967. 

        (e)
This adjustment is an estimate of the liabilities to be accrued in connection with the purchase business combination, consisting primarily of severance and employee relocation costs
and totaling $4,849. 

        (f)
This adjustment is to recognize the fair value of deferred revenue for maintenance contracts. The fair value of the deferred revenue was based on an estimate of the underlying costs
to satisfy the underlying maintenance contracts, plus an estimated market-based profit margin of 25%. 

        (g)
This adjustment is to eliminate the note receivable from a Cylink employee that will be forgiven concurrent with the merger. 

 Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Statements of Operations for Cylink Merger  

        (h) This adjustment is to eliminate amortization expense recorded by Cylink related to goodwill recorded on previous acquisitions and other intangible assets of
$3,215 in 2001 and $1,431 in the nine month period ended September 30, 2002. 

        (i)
This adjustment is to eliminate the charge for the impairment of goodwill that was recorded by Cylink during the nine month period ended September 30, 2002. Assuming the
acquisition occurred on January 1, 2001, goodwill is adjusted to the fair value determined in connection with the purchase price allocation described in (a). 

        (j)
This adjustment is to record amortization expense related to the estimated fair value of acquired identifiable intangible asset from the purchase price allocation, which are being
amortized over their estimated useful lives of 2 years, of approximately $3,737 in 2001 and $2,802 in the nine month period ended September 30, 2002. For purposes of calculating pro
forma amortization expense, we have estimated that the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of tangible net assets acquired of $24,915 will be allocated to identifiable intangible assets
totaling $7.5 million and the remaining $17.4 million will represent goodwill, which is not amortized under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. As previously
stated, for thie purpose of this pro forma analysis, the above allocation is based on a preliminary estimate of the fair value of the acquired identifiable intangible assets. Upon the completion of
the merger, we will perform a formal valuation of the acquired assets and we will adjust these amounts to the amounts determined by the valuation. We 

believe that the identifiable intangible assets will include: completed technology, core technology including patents, trademark and brand names, and customer related intangibles. 

 Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 for Securealink Merger  

        (1) This adjustment is to record amortization expense for the fair value of the acquired identified intangible asset of customer backlog and purchase orders. This
asset is being amortized over its useful life of one year. 

        (2)
This adjustment is to record amortization expense for the fair value of all other acquired identified intangible assets of $2,100, including patents, core technology, and developed
technology. These assets are being amortized over useful lives ranging from one to five years. 

        (3)
This adjustment is to record estimated interest expense related to the promissory notes issued to the sellers at the date of the merger at an average interest rate of 5%. 

Note 4    
Items Not Adjusted  

        The pro forma statements do not reflect any effect of operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits anticipated by SafeNet's management as a result of
the merger. Additionally, certain integration costs may be recorded subsequent to the merger that, under purchase accounting, will not be treated as part of the Cylink purchase price. These costs,
estimated to range between $4,000 and $5,000, have not been reflected in these unaudited pro forma condensed statements of operations because they are not expected to have a continuing impact on the
combined results. 

Note 5    
Pro Forma Net Loss Per Share  

        The pro forma basic and diluted loss from continuing operations per share is computed by dividing the pro forma loss from continuing operations by the pro forma
basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding, assuming SafeNet, Securealink and Cylink had merged at the beginning of the earliest period presented. The pro forma weighted average
basic and diluted number of shares outstanding is calculated as follows for the year ended December 31, 2001 and the nine months ended September 30, 2002: 

Basic and Diluted

For the year ended December 31, 2001:

Cylink's common shares outstanding on January 1, 2001

32,681

Multiplied by

0.05

Equivalent SafeNet shares issued to Cylink shareholders

1,634

Add SafeNet shares issued to Securealink stockholders

Add SafeNet weighted average common shares outstanding

7,057

Pro forma combined weighted average shares outstanding

9,266

For the nine months ended September 30, 2002:

Cylink's common shares outstanding on January 1, 2002

32,872

Multiplied by

0.05

Equivalent SafeNet shares issued to Cylink shareholders

1,644

Add SafeNet weighted average common shares outstanding

7,701

Pro forma combined weighted average shares outstanding

9,345

        The
pro forma diluted loss from continuing operations per share for the year ended December 31, 2001 and the nine months ended September 30, 2002 do not include the common
shares to be issued upon the exercise of the Cylink common stock options and warrants assumed in the merger since the impact of these potential common shares would be anti-dilutive. 

COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF SAFENET STOCKHOLDERS AND CYLINK SHAREHOLDERS    

        Cylink is a California corporation and a public company, and the rights of Cylink's shareholders are governed by the California Corporations Code and Cylink's
amended and restated articles of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, as amended. Following the merger, Cylink shareholders will be stockholders of SafeNet, which is a Delaware corporation and a
public company, and their rights as SafeNet stockholders will be governed by the Delaware General Corporation Law and SafeNet's restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended. 

The following discussion of certain similarities and significant differences, which SafeNet and Cylink believe are all the material differences, between the
rights of SafeNet stockholders under SafeNet's restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended, and Cylink shareholders under Cylink's amended and restated articles of incorporation, as
amended, and bylaws, as amended. The summary below also includes discussion of some of the material differences between the rights of a stockholder under Delaware law and the rights of a shareholder
under California law. This summary is not an exhaustive or complete description of the similarities and differences, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Delaware General Corporation
Law and the California Corporations Code, the common law thereunder and the full text of SafeNet's restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended, and Cylink's amended and restated
articles of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, as amended. While SafeNet and Cylink believe the description covers the material differences between the two, this summary may not contain all the
information that is important to you. You should carefully review this entire document and the other documents referred to for a more complete understanding of the differences between being a
stockholder of SafeNet and being a shareholder of Cylink. Copies of these documents may be obtained as described under "Where You Can Find More Information" beginning on page 131 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Authorized Shares of Capital Stock.  

        SafeNet.
    SafeNet's authorized capital stock currently consists of 50,000,000 shares of common stock,
par value $.01 per share, and 500,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. Under SafeNet's certificate of incorporation, SafeNet's Board of Directors currently has the authority,
without further action by SafeNet stockholders, to issue all of the authorized shares of SafeNet preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the voting powers, designations, preferences and the
relative participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations and restrictions of each series, including
dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series. 

        Cylink.
    Cylink's authorized capital stock currently consists of 55,000,000 shares of common stock,
par value $.01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. Under Cylink's articles of incorporation, Cylink's Board of Directors currently has the authority, without
further action by Cylink shareholders, to issue all of the authorized shares of Cylink preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the voting powers, designations, preferences and the relative
participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations and restrictions of each series, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption,
liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series. 

Voting Rights.  

        SafeNet.
    Each outstanding share of SafeNet common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter
submitted to a vote of the stockholders of SafeNet. Shares of SafeNet common stock are not entitled to any cumulative voting rights. 

        Cylink.
    Each outstanding share of Cylink common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter
submitted to a vote of the shareholders of Cylink. Shares of Cylink common stock are not entitled to any cumulative voting rights. 

Preemptive Rights.  

        SafeNet.
    SafeNet common stock has no preemptive rights enabling a holder to subscribe for or receive
shares of any class of stock of SafeNet or any other securities convertible into shares of any class of stock of SafeNet under SafeNet's certificate of incorporation. 

        Cylink.
    Cylink common stock has no preemptive rights enabling a holder to subscribe to any or all
issuances of shares of any class of stock of Cylink or any other securities convertible into shares of any class of stock of Cylink under Cylink's articles of incorporation. 

Business Combinations; Supermajority Voting Requirements.  

        SafeNet.
    SafeNet is subje