URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1093691/000095016803000084/0000950168-03-000084.txt

SHAKER ROAD
		CITY:			LATHAM
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5187827700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		968 ALBANY-SHAKER ROAD
		CITY:			LATHAM
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12110

S-4/A

ds4a.htm

FORM S-4/A

FORM S-4/A



As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 10, 2003 

Registration No. 333-101567 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

PRE-EFFECTIVE

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 

FORM S-4 

REGISTRATION STATEMENT 

UNDER 

THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 

PLUG POWER INC. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

22-3672377

(State or Other Jurisdiction of
Incorporation or Organization)

(Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Code Number)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification
Number)

968 Albany-Shaker Road 

Latham, New York 12110 

(518) 782-7700 

(Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrants Principal Executive Offices) 

Roger Saillant 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Plug Power Inc. 

968 Albany-Shaker Road 

Latham, New York 12110 

(518) 782-7700 

(Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent For Service) 

Copies to: 

Stuart M. Cable, P.C.

Robert P.
Whalen, Jr., P.C.

Goodwin Procter LLP

Exchange
Place

Boston, Massachusetts 02109

(617)
570-1000

Merrill M. Kraines, Esq.

Fulbright & Jaworski, L.L.P.

666 Fifth Avenue

New York, NY 10103

(212) 318-3000

Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as possible after
the effective date of this registration statement and the consummation of the merger described in this registration statement. 

If the
securities being registered on this form are being offered in connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with General Instruction G, check the following box. 
 

If this form is filed to register additional
securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement number for the same offering.

 

If this form
is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.

 

The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file
a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until this registration statement shall become effective
on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. 



[PLUG POWER LOGO] 

[H POWER LOGO] 

The
boards of directors of Plug Power Inc. and H Power Corp. have each approved an agreement and plan of merger that would result in H Power becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Plug Power. 

The board of directors of each company believes that the merger is advisable and in the best interests of its stockholders. The board of directors of H Power unanimously
recommends that its stockholders vote to adopt and approve the merger agreement and approve the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and the board of directors of Plug Power unanimously recommends that its stockholders vote to approve
the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement. 

If the merger agreement
is adopted and approved and the merger is subsequently completed, and you are an H Power stockholder, it is estimated that you will receive approximately .89 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock you own. This
amount, however, is an estimate and the actual amount of shares of Plug Power common stock you will receive in the merger will depend upon certain factors described in the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. You will also receive cash,
without interest, rather than a fractional share of Plug Power common stock that you otherwise would be entitled to receive in the merger. Plug Power common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol PLUG. At your
stockholders meeting, you will be asked to vote on the merger agreement, the merger and the other matters and transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 

If you are a Plug Power stockholder, after the merger you will continue to own your existing shares of Plug Power common stock. At your stockholders meeting, you will be
asked to vote on the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock in the merger. 

Stockholders of Plug Power are
also being asked to vote upon a proposal to permit Plug Powers employees to exchange options to purchase shares of Plug Power common stock held by them for shares of restricted common stock of Plug Power, in accordance with the terms and
conditions described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus. The board of directors of Plug Power believes that the proposed stock option exchange is advisable and in the best interests of its stockholders and unanimously recommends
that Plug Power stockholders vote to approve the stock option exchange. 

Your Vote is Very
Important.
    Whether or not you plan to attend your companys stockholders meeting, please take the time to vote on the proposal(s) submitted for your companys meeting by completing and mailing the enclosed
proxy card to us. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote in favor of the proposal(s) submitted at your meeting. If you are an H Power stockholder, failure to return or
sign your proxy card will have the effect of a vote against the merger agreement and the merger, unless you attend your stockholders meeting and vote in person. If you are a Plug Power stockholder, failure to return or sign your proxy card will have
no effect on the proposal to issue shares of Plug Power common stock in the merger and no effect on the proposal to exchange Plug Power options for shares of restricted stock of Plug Power. 

The dates, times and places of the stockholders meetings are as follows: 

For 
Plug Power Inc.
 stockholders:              , 2003 at              a.m.
local time, at the Albany Marriott, 189 Wolf Road, Albany, New York. 

For 
H Power Corp.
 stockholders:
                , 2003 at              local time at
                        . 

Following this letter you will find a formal notice of the special meeting of each companys stockholders and a joint proxy statement/prospectus. The joint proxy statement/prospectus provides you
with detailed information concerning the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement, the proposed stock option exchange and Plug Power and H Power. You may also obtain more
information about Plug Power and H Power from documents that each company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Dr. Roger B. Saillant

Dr. H. Frank Gibbard

President and Chief Executive Officer of Plug Power Inc.

Chief Executive Officer of H Power Corp.

Please give all of the information contained or incorporated by
reference in the joint proxy statement/prospectus your careful attention. In particular, you should carefully consider the discussion in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 26 of the joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the shares to be issued under, or passed upon the adequacy of, this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense. 

The accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated
            , 2003 and was first mailed to stockholders of Plug Power and H Power on or about             , 2003.



PLUG POWER INC. 

968 Albany-Shaker Road 

Latham, NY 12110 

(518) 782-7700 

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 

to be held on
                    , 2003 

To the Stockholders of Plug Power Inc.: 

A special meeting of stockholders of Plug Power Inc. will be held on                     , 2003 at
                     a.m., local time, at the Albany Marriott, 189 Wolf Road, Albany, New York. The board of directors asks you to attend this
meeting (in person or by proxy) for the following purposes: 

1.

To consider and vote on a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of common stock of Plug Power Inc. pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as
of November 11, 2002, by and among Plug Power Inc., a Delaware corporation, Monmouth Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Plug Power Inc., and H Power Corp., a Delaware corporation, as amended, a copy of which
is attached as Annex A to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

2.

To consider and vote on a proposal to exchange options to purchase shares of common stock of Plug Power Inc. held by its employees for shares of restricted
common stock of Plug Power Inc., in accordance with the terms and conditions described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

3.

To transact any other business as may properly come before the special meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting. 

Only stockholders of record of Plug Power Inc. as of the close of business on February 7, 2003 are
entitled to notice of, and will be entitled to vote at, the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Approval of each of the proposals will require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Plug Power
common stock present in person or by proxy at the special meeting. 

We invite you to attend the special
meeting because it is important that your shares be represented at the meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying postage-paid envelope. Please note that,
by delivering a proxy to vote at the special meeting, you are also granting a proxy to vote at any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting. If you attend the meeting, you may vote in person, which will revoke a signed proxy if you have
already sent one in. You may also revoke your proxy at any time before the meeting in the manner described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

BY THE ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, 

Roger Saillant, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Latham, New York 

                        , 2003 



H POWER CORP. 

60 Montgomery Street 

Belleville, New Jersey 07109 

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 

to be held on                     , 2003 

To the Stockholders of H Power Corp.: 

A special meeting of stockholders of H Power will be held on                 , 2003, at
             a.m., local time, at             , for the following purposes: 

1.

To consider and vote on a proposal to adopt and approve the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 11, 2002, by and among Plug Power Inc., a
Delaware corporation, Monmouth Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Plug Power, and H Power Corp., a Delaware corporation, as amended, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to the accompanying joint proxy
statement/prospectus, and to approve the merger as contemplated by the merger agreement. 

2.

To transact any other business that may properly come before the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. 

Only stockholders of record of H Power common stock at the close of business on February 7, 2003 are
entitled to notice of, and will be entitled to vote at, the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Approval of the merger agreement will require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of H Power common
stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. 

Your vote is important. To ensure that your shares are
represented at the special meeting, you are urged to complete, date and sign the enclosed proxy card and mail it promptly in the postage-prepaid envelope provided, whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting in person. You may revoke your
proxy in the manner described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus at any time before it has been voted at the special meeting. If you attend the special meeting, you may vote in person even if you returned a proxy. 

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Dr. H. Frank Gibbard 

Chief Executive
Officer 

Belleville, New Jersey 

                    , 2003 

Please do not send your stock certificates at this time. If the merger is completed, you will be sent instructions regarding the surrender of your stock certificates. 



ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about Plug Power from other documents that are not included in or
delivered with this document. We have listed the documents containing this information on page 166. This information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral request. You can obtain those documents relating to Plug Power, which
are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, or any documents referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to H Power by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate company at the
following addresses and telephone numbers: 

Plug Power Inc.

H Power Corp.

968 Albany-Shaker Road

60 Montgomery Street

Latham, New York 12110

Belleville, NJ 07109

Attn: W. Mark Schmitz

Chief Financial
Officer

Attn: William Zang

Chief Financial
Officer

(518) 782-7700

(973) 450-4400

If you would like to request documents, you must do so by
January     , 2003 in order to receive them before the special meeting of your companys stockholders. You will not be charged for any of these documents that you request. 

For additional information regarding where you can find information about Plug Power and H Power, please see the section entitled
Where You Can Find Additional Information beginning on page 165 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus with respect to H Power and its subsidiaries was provided by H
Power and the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus with respect to Plug Power and its subsidiaries was provided by Plug Power. 



 

Page

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

SUMMARY

PLUG POWER SUMMARY SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

H POWER SUMMARY SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

SELECTED COMBINED COMPANY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
INFORMATION

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS IN THIS 
JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

RISK FACTORS

Risks Related to the Merger

Risks Related to Plug Power and the Combined Company

Risks Related to H Power

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF PLUG POWERS STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place of Meeting

Purpose of the Special Meeting

Record Date 

Votes Required for Approval of the Issuance of Shares of Common Stock of Plug Power 

Quorum, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

Voting of Proxies at the Special Meeting and Revocation of Proxies

No Appraisal Rights

Other Matters to be Voted on

Recommendation of Plug Powers Board of Directors 

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF H POWERS STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place of Meeting

Purpose of the Special Meeting 

Record Date

Votes Required for Adoption and Approval of the Merger Agreement and Approval of the Merger

Quorum, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

Voting of Proxies at the Special Meeting and Revocation of Proxies 

No Appraisal Rights

Other Matters to be Voted On

Recommendation of H Powers Board of Directors

THE MERGER AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Background of the Merger 

Consideration of the Merger by H Powers Board of Directors

Interests of H Powers Directors and Officers in the Merger

Consideration of the Merger by Plug Powers Board of Directors

The Merger Agreement 

Other Material Agreements Relating to the Merger

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

(i) 



Page

Post-Closing Capitalization

Regulatory Filings and Approvals Required to Complete the Merger

Restrictions on Sales of Plug Power Common Stock by Affiliates of H Power

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Plug Power Common Stock to be Issued in the Merger

Delisting and Deregistration of H Power Common Stock after the Merger

Dissenters Rights of Appraisal

Operations After the Merger 

Director to be Appointed in Connection with the Merger

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet 

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

ADDITIONAL PROPOSAL TO BE ACTED ON BY PLUG POWER STOCKHOLDERS

Background and Description of the Exchange 

Recommendation and Reasons for the Exchange 

Required Vote 

Benefits of the Exchange 

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Exchange 

Summary of the Stock Option and Incentive Plans 

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of Transactions Under the Plan 

Executive Compensation

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS RELATING TO PLUG POWER

INFORMATION ABOUT H POWER

H POWER MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

H POWER PRINCIPAL AND MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDERS

PLUG POWER PRINCIPAL AND MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDERS

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF PLUG POWER COMMON STOCK AND
H POWER COMMON STOCK

DESCRIPTION OF PLUG POWER CAPITAL STOCK

LEGAL MATTERS

EXPERTS

PLUG POWER STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

H POWER STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

INDEX TO H POWER FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

F-1

ANNEX A

  

Agreement and Plan of Merger

ANNEX B 

  

Form of Voting Agreement

ANNEX C

  

Opinion of Lehman Brothers Inc.

ANNEX D

  

Opinion of Stephens Inc.

ANNEX EI

  

Plug Power 1999 Stock Option and Incentive Plan

ANNEX EII

  

Plug Power 1997 Membership Option Plan

(ii) 



QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER 

Q:

Why are Plug Power and H Power proposing the merger? (See pages 59 and 72) 

A:

Plug Power and H Power are proposing the merger because they believe the resulting combined company will be a stronger, better capitalized and more competitive
company. Plug Power and H Power believe that the merger will provide significant potential benefits and resources, including: 



cash resources to fund the combined companys growth and development; 



benefits created from the complementary resources of Plug Power and H Power, including complementary financial, technology and intellectual property resources;
and 



potential synergy benefits from cost savings and integration of the companies strategic partners and suppliers. 

Overall,

both Plug Power and H Power believe that the merger will provide added value to their respective stockholders. Achieving these anticipated benefits, however, is
subject to certain risks discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 27. 

Q:

What will I receive in the merger? (See  page 79) 

A:

H Power Stockholders:

If the merger is completed, Plug Power and H Power estimate that each H Power stockholder will receive approximately .89 shares of Plug Power common stock
for each share of H Power common stock. This amount is an estimate based on (1) 10,776,548 shares of H Power common stock outstanding as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus; (2) an estimated transaction value price of $50,675,000
based on the estimated value of H Powers net cash of $36,675,000 (as defined in the merger agreement) as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and (3) an estimated average trading price of $5.29 per share of Plug Power common
stock (based on the closing price of $5.05 per share of Plug Power common stock on the last business day prior to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and adjusted to $5.29 per share for the collar). The actual number of shares of Plug
Power common stock that each H Power stockholder will receive for each share of H Power common stock may be different than .89, however, as the exchange ratio for H Power common stock is determined based in part on: 



the number of shares of H Power common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger; 



the average trading price for shares of Plug Power common stock for 10 randomly selected days in the 20 trading day period ending on the second trading day
prior to the effective time of the merger; and 



the transaction value price, which is determined based on the value of H Powers net cash (as defined in the merger agreement) at the effective time of the
merger. 

For example, if H Powers net cash (as defined in the merger agreement) is equal to $36,675,000 then the number of shares of Plug Power common stock
that each H Power stockholder will receive for each share of H Power common stock will, depending on the number of shares of H Power common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger and the average Plug Power common
stock price, range between .73 and .89. Additionally, as a further illustration of the impact on the exchange ratio, if H Powers net cash is equal to an amount between $34,675,000 and $38,675,000, then the number of shares of Plug Power common
stock that each H Power stockholder will receive for each share of H Power common stock will, depending on the number of shares of H Power common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger and the average Plug Power
common stock price, range between .70 and .92. Each H Power stockholder will also receive cash, without interest, rather than a fractional



share of Plug Power common stock that he, she or it would otherwise be entitled to receive in the merger. 

In the event that H Power, during the period commencing 5 business days prior to the stockholder meetings of H Power and Plug Power to approve the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement and ending on the second business day prior to such meetings, notifies Plug Power that the product of (1) the anticipated number of shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued in the merger and (2) the reasonably
anticipated average Plug Power common stock price is less than $29,675,000, then H Power may terminate the merger agreement. As further described under the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus titled The Merger and Related
TransactionsThe Merger AgreementPayment of Termination Fee and Expenses, such right of H Power to terminate the merger agreement is subject to Plug Power not electing to adjust the exchange ratio as set forth in the merger
agreement and described herein. 

For a description of how the exchange ratio will be determined, and examples of the exchange ratio based on assumptions regarding H Powers net cash and
the average Plug Power common stock price, each at the effective time of the merger, see the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus titled The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementConversion of H Power
Common Stock in the Merger. Prior to each companys respective special meeting of stockholders, the current estimated exchange ratio will be posted on Plug Powers website at www.plugpower.com and on H Powers website at
www.hpower.com. 

Plug Power Stockholders: 

If you own shares of Plug Power common stock immediately prior to the merger, you will continue to own those shares immediately after
the merger. Based on the estimated exchange ratio of .89, which is subject to adjustment, Plug Power stockholders immediately prior to the merger will hold approximately 84.2% of the outstanding shares of Plug Power common stock when the merger is
complete. 

Q:

Will H Power stockholders be able to trade the Plug Power common stock that they receive in the merger? (See page 104) 

A:

Yes. The Plug Power common stock issued in the merger will be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and listed on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol PLUG. All shares of Plug Power common stock that you receive in the merger will be freely transferable unless you are deemed to be an affiliate of H Power prior to the completion of the merger or an affiliate of Plug
Power after the completion of the merger, or your shares are subject to other contractual restrictions. Shares of Plug Power common stock received by persons deemed to be affiliates in the merger may only be sold in compliance with Rule 145 under
the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act. 

Q:

When do Plug Power and H Power expect to complete the merger? 

A:

Plug Power and H Power expect to complete the merger when all of the conditions to completion of the merger contained in the merger agreement have been
satisfied or waived. The stockholders of H Power must approve the merger agreement and the merger at their special stockholders meeting and the stockholders of Plug Power must approve the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the
merger agreement at their special stockholders meeting. 

Plug Power and H Power are working
toward satisfying these conditions and completing the merger as soon as practicable. Plug Power and H Power currently plan to complete the merger in the first quarter of 2003 following the respective special meetings of Plug Powers and H
Powers stockholders, assuming the H Power stockholders approve the merger and the merger agreement, the Plug Power stockholders approve the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement and the other merger
conditions are satisfied. However, because the merger is subject to some conditions



which are beyond Plug Powers and H Powers control, the exact timing cannot be predicted. 

Q:

What happens if the merger is not completed? (See page 96) 

A:

If the merger is not completed, each of Plug Power and H Power will continue as independent companies. In addition, under the terms of the merger agreement, H
Power may be required to pay Plug Power a termination fee of $2,000,000. Also, each party may be required to reimburse the other for out-of-pocket expenses, including legal, accounting, investment banking, printing and other fees, related to this
transaction if the merger is not completed. For a more complete discussion of requirements relating to payments of fees and expenses by each of Plug Power and H Power see the section entitled The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger
AgreementPayment of Termination Fee and Expenses in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Q:

What vote is required to approve the merger? (See page 49) 

A:

Approval of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of H Power common stock as of the record date. Although the approval of the stockholders of Plug Power is not required to effect the merger pursuant to Delaware general corporation law, Plug Powers organizational documents
or any other regulatory or listing requirements applicable to Plug Power, the board of directors of Plug Power has determined that the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement will be subject to, and the merger
agreement requires, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Plug Power common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting of Plug Power stockholders on such matter. In addition, approval of the
stock option exchange is subject to the same voting requirement as the merger. 

The board of
directors of H Power has approved the merger agreement and the merger. The board of directors of Plug Power has approved the merger agreement and merger including, without limitation, the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the
merger agreement, and has approved the stock option exchange. 

Q:

How do I vote on the merger? (See pages 48 and 51) 

A:

First, please review the information contained or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the annexes, as it contains
important information about Plug Power, H Power and the merger. It also contains important information about what each of the boards of directors of Plug Power and H Power, respectively, considered in evaluating the merger. Next, complete and sign
the enclosed proxy card, and then mail it in the enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares can be voted at your companys special meeting of stockholders at which, in the case of H Power, the merger agreement and the
merger will be presented and voted upon, or, in the case of Plug Power, the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement and the approval of the stock option exchange will be presented and voted upon. You may also
attend the special meeting of your company in person and vote at the special meeting instead of submitting a proxy. 

Q:

What happens if I dont indicate how to vote my proxy? (See pages 47 and 50) 

A:

If you sign and send in your proxy, but do not include instructions on how to vote your properly signed proxy card, your shares will be voted FOR adoption and
approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger if you are an H Power stockholder or FOR the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement and FOR the stock option exchange if you are a Plug Power
stockholder. 

Q:

What happens if I dont return a proxy card? (See pages 47 and 50) 

A:

If you are a stockholder of H Power, not returning your proxy card will have the same effect as



voting against adoption and approval of the merger agreement and against approval of the merger. If you are a stockholder of Plug Power, not returning your proxy card will have no effect as to
the approval of the proposal to issue shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement or the proposal to approve the stock option exchange. 

Q:

Can I change my vote after I have mailed my signed proxy card? (See pages 48 and 51) 

A:

Yes. You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at the special meeting of your companys stockholders at which, in the case of H
Power, the merger agreement and the merger will be presented and voted upon, and in the case of Plug Power, the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement and the proposal to approve the stock option exchange will
be presented and voted upon. You can do this in one of three ways: 



first, you can send a written notice stating that you would like to revoke your proxy to the appropriate address below; 



second, you can complete and submit a later-dated proxy card to the appropriate address below; or 



third, you can attend the special meeting of Plug Power or H Power, as appropriate, and vote in person. Your attendance at the special meeting alone will not
revoke your proxy. You must vote at the special meeting in order to revoke your previously submitted proxy. 

You should send any notice of revocation or your completed new proxy card, as the case may be, to: 

For Plug Power Stockholders: 

Plug Power Inc. 

968 Albany-Shaker Road 

Latham, New York

Attn: W. Mark Schmitz, 

Chief Financial Officer 

For H Power Stockholders: 

H Power Corp. 

60 Montgomery Street 

Belleville, NJ 07109 

Attn: William Zang 

Chief Financial Officer 

Q:

Can I submit my proxy by telephone or over the Internet? 

A:

If you hold shares directly, then you may not vote by telephone or over the Internet. If you hold your shares through a bank or brokerage firm, you may be able
to submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet. You should refer to the proxy card provided by your bank or brokerage firm for instructions about how to vote. If you vote by telephone or over the Internet, you do not need to complete and
mail your proxy card. 

Q:

If my broker holds my shares in street name, will my broker vote my shares for me? (See pages 48 and 51) 

A:

No. Your broker will not be able to vote your shares without instructions from you. If you do not provide your broker with voting instructions, your shares may
be considered present at the special meeting for purposes of determining a quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted in favor of adoption and approval of the merger agreement or approval of the merger, in the case of H Power
stockholders, or in favor of approval of the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement or approval of the stock option exchange, in the case of Plug Power stockholders. As a result, failure to provide your broker
with voting instructions will have the effect of a vote against the merger agreement and against the approval of the merger if you are a stockholder of H Power, or the effect of a vote against approval of the issuance of shares of Plug Power common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement and against the stock option exchange if you are stockholder of Plug Power. If you have instructed a broker to vote your shares and wish to change your vote, you must follow the directions received from your
broker to change those instructions. 

Q:

Should I send my H Power stock certificates now? (See page 83) 

A:

No. If the merger is completed, Plug Power will send you written instructions for exchanging your H Power stock certificates for Plug Power



stock certificates. In the meantime, you should retain your certificates as the H Power stock certificates are still valid. Please do not send in your stock certificates with your proxy. If you
send your stock certificates to Plug Power, Plug Power assumes no risk of loss. 

Q:

Am I entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger? (See page 104) 

A:

No. Appraisal rights are not available under applicable law in connection with the merger. 

Q:

Are there any risks I should consider in deciding whether to vote for the merger or the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock in connection with the
merger? 

A:

Yes. In the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 27 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Plug Power and H Power have described a
number of risk factors that you should consider. 

Q:

What are the tax consequences to me of the merger? (See page 100) 

A:

Plug Power and H Power intend to treat the merger in such a manner that receipt of Plug Power common stock in the merger would be tax-free to H Powers
stockholders. However, in the opinion of counsel, it is unclear whether the merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization, and thus it is possible that the H Power stockholders will be required to recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income
tax purposes in connection with the merger. We urge you to consider carefully the discussion of the tax consequences related to the merger and to review these tax consequences with your tax advisor. 

Q:

Who can help answer my questions about the proposals? 

A:

If you have any questions about the proposals presented in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, you should contact: 

For Plug Power Stockholders:

Plug Power Inc. 

968 Albany-Shaker Road

Latham, New York 12110 

Attn: W. Mark Schmitz 

Chief Financial Officer 

(518) 782-7700 

For H Power Stockholders: 

H Power Corp. 

60 Montgomery Street 

Belleville, NJ 07109 

Attn: William Zang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(973) 450-4400 



SUMMARY 

The following is a summary of the information contained in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. This summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you. You should carefully read this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents referred to for a more complete understanding of
the merger and related transactions. In particular, you should read the annexes attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the merger agreement, as amended, which is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. We
have included page references in parentheses to direct you to a more complete description of the topics presented in this summary. In addition, Plug Power incorporates by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus important business and
financial information. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus without charge by following the instructions in the section entitled Where You Can Find Additional Information
beginning on page 165 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The Companies 

PLUG POWER 

968 Albany-Shaker Road 

Latham, New York 12110 

(518) 782-7700 

www.plugpower.com 

Plug Power was originally formed as a joint
venture between Edison Development Corporation and Mechanical Technology Incorporated in the State of Delaware on June 27, 1997 and succeeded by merger to all of the assets, liabilities and equity of Plug Power, L.L.C. in November 1999.

Plug Power is a development stage enterprise formed to research, develop, manufacture and distribute on-site
electric power generation systems utilizing proton exchange membrane fuel cells for stationary applications and is in the preliminary stages of field testing and marketing its initial commercial product to a limited number of customers, including
utilities, government entities and its distribution partners, GE Fuel Cell Systems, LLC and DTE Energy Technologies, Inc. This initial product is a limited edition fuel cell system that is intended to offer complementary, quality power while
demonstrating the market value of fuel cells as a preferred form of alternative distributed power generation. Plug Power anticipates subsequent enhancements to its fuel cell systems, including development of its next generation systems, which it
expects will expand the market opportunity for fuel cells by lowering the installed cost, decreasing operating and maintenance costs, increasing efficiency, improving reliability, and adding features such as grid independence and co-generation of
heat and electric power. 

For more information on the business of Plug Power, please refer to Plug
Powers Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 and Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2002. Please refer to the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled Where You Can
Find Additional Information on page 165 in order to find out where you can obtain copies of Plug Powers Annual Report as well as the other documents Plug Power files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

H POWER CORP. 

60 Montgomery Street

Belleville, NJ 07109 

(973) 450-4400 

www.hpower.com 

H Power was organized on June
6, 1989 under the laws of the State of Delaware. 



H Power designs, develops, markets and manufactures proton-exchange membrane fuel
cells and fuel cell systems. Fuel cells are devices that produce electrical energy without combustion and its associated environmental contaminants. The fuel cell systems H Power makes and markets are designed to complement or replace conventional
power sources, such as batteries and electric power generators. The use of alternative electric power systems is desirable in situations where conventional power sources cannot adequately, economically or technologically supply the power required.

For more information on the business of H Power, please refer to the section of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus entitled Information About H Power beginning on page 127. 

MONMOUTH ACQUISITION
CORP. 

968 Albany-Shaker Road 

Latham, New York 12110 

(518) 782-7700 

Monmouth Acquisition Corp.
was formed on November 1, 2002 as a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Plug Power. Monmouth was formed solely to effect the merger and has not conducted any business during the period of its existence. 

Voting Requirements for the Merger (See pages 46 and 49) 

In order to complete the merger, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of H Power common stock as of the record date must vote to adopt and approve the merger
agreement and approve the merger. Holders of H Power common stock will be entitled to cast one vote per share of H Power common stock owned as of February 7, 2003 the record date for the H Power special meeting of stockholders at which the merger
agreement and the merger will be presented and voted upon. 

Although the approval of the stockholders of
Plug Power is not required to effect the merger pursuant to Delaware general corporation law, Plug Powers organizational documents or any other regulatory or listing requirements applicable to Plug Power, the board of directors of Plug Power
has determined that the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement shall be subject to, and the merger agreement requires, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Plug Power
common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting of Plug Power stockholders on such matter. Approval of the stock option exchange is subject to the same voting requirement. Holders of Plug Power common stock will be
entitled to cast one vote per share of Plug Power common stock owned as of February 7, 2003 the record date for the Plug Power special meeting of stockholders at which the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement and the stock option exchange will be presented and voted upon. 

Share Ownership of H Power Directors and Officers
(See page 150) 

As of the close of business on the record date for the special meeting of H Power
stockholders at which the merger agreement and the merger will be presented and voted upon, directors and officers of H Power (and their respective affiliates) collectively owned approximately 2.0% of the outstanding shares of H Power common stock
entitled to vote at the special meeting on the merger agreement and the merger. This does not include 305,126 shares of H Power common stock issuable upon the exercise of presently exercisable options which these directors and officers beneficially
own. If all of these stock options had been exercised prior to the record date for the special meeting, the directors and executive officers of H Power (and their respective affiliates) would collectively own approximately 4.8% of the outstanding
shares of H Power common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. Two members of H Power management and an affiliate of H Power, who collectively own an aggregate of approximately 10.7% of the outstanding shares of H Power common stock
entitled to vote at the special meeting, have entered into voting agreements with Plug Power under which they have agreed, among other things, to vote their shares of H Power common stock in favor of adoption and approval of the merger
agreement and approval of the merger. 



Share Ownership of Plug Power Directors and Officers (See page 154) 

As of the close of business on the record date for the special meeting of Plug Power stockholders at which the issuance of
shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger and the stock option exchange will be presented and voted upon, directors and officers of Plug Power (and their respective affiliates) collectively owned approximately 60.5% of the outstanding
shares of Plug Power common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. 

This does not include 2,150,172 shares
of Plug Power common stock issuable upon the exercise of presently exercisable options which these directors and officers beneficially own. If all of these stock options had been exercised prior to the record date for the special meeting, the
directors and executive officers of Plug Power (and their respective affiliates) would collectively beneficially own approximately 62.1% of the outstanding shares of Plug Power common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. 

Board Recommendations to Stockholders and Reasons for the Merger 

Recommendation of H Powers Board of Directors (See page 63) 

After careful consideration, H Powers board of directors unanimously determined that the merger is advisable, in the best interests of H Powers stockholders, and is on terms that are fair
to the stockholders of H Power. 
Accordingly, H Powers board of directors unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger and recommends that its stockholders vote FOR adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval
of the merger.

H Powers Reasons for the Merger (See page 59) 

In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, H Powers board
of directors identified several potential benefits and material factors pertaining to the merger, including the following: 



increased visibility and market capitalization of the combined entity; 



increased financial strength of the combined entity; 



greater intellectual property and technical resources of the combined entity; 



the fact that on November 10, 2002, the date the merger agreement was approved, the proposed exchange ratio offered a significant premium of 106% to H Power
stockholders relative to H Powers closing stock price on the previous trading day; 



the risks of remaining an independent entity, and the lack of definitiveness of any financing proposal; and 



the opinion of Lehman Brothers that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth
therein, the exchange ratio offered to the holders of  H Power common stock in the merger was fair from a financial point of view to such holders. 

The H Power board of directors also identified a number of potentially negative factors, including the following: 



risks associated with fluctuations in Plug Powers stock price prior to the merger; 



the risk of disruption of sales momentum and H Powers operations as a result of uncertainties created by the announcement of the merger; 



the risk that certain conditions in the merger agreement may have the effect of discouraging alternative proposals for a business combination with another third
party; 





the interests of the directors and officers that are different from, or in addition to, those of H Powers stockholders generally, including the receipt of
change of control payments under the employment agreements with certain executive officers of H Power; and 



other applicable risks described in the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled Risk Factors on page 27. 

The H Power board of directors did not believe that the negative factors were sufficient, individually
or in the aggregate, to outweigh the potential benefits of the merger. 

Recommendation of Plug Powers
Board of Directors (See page 74) 

After careful consideration, Plug Powers board of directors
unanimously determined that the merger, including, without limitation, the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement, is advisable and in the best interests of Plug Powers stockholders. 
Accordingly, Plug
Powers board of directors

unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger, including, without limitation, the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement, and recommends that its stockholders
vote FOR the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement.

Plug Powers Reasons for the Merger (See page 72) 

In reaching its decision to
approve the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including, without limitation, the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement, Plug Powers board of directors
considered several potential benefits and material factors pertaining to the merger, including the following: 



the opinion of Stephens Inc., Plug Powers financial advisor, to the effect that as of November 11, 2002, the exchange ratio set forth in the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Plug Power; 



H Powers cash reserves and Plug Powers belief that the addition of such cash reserves to its own balance sheet would provide Plug Power with
sufficient cash to help fund operations; 



H Powers intellectual property, technical resources and other assets; 



the opportunity to enhance stockholder value by combining two complementary businesses; 



the belief that the merger represents the most favorable alternative currently available to Plug Power to increase its capital resources and further its
financing and business objectives; 



the belief that the combined company will be in a better position to continue to compete effectively in the fuel cell industry; 



the terms of the merger agreement, including Plug Powers right to receive a $2,000,000 termination fee or to be reimbursed for its expenses in the event
that it terminates the merger agreement under certain circumstances; and 



potential synergy benefits, including cost savings and access to H Powers partners and suppliers. 

The Plug Power board of directors also considered a number of potentially negative factors, including the following: 



the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized, in part or at all; 





the risk that the merger may not be consummated; 



the risk of management and employee disruption associated with the merger; 



the potential costs the combined company may incur to (1) terminate, renegotiate or amend H Powers existing obligations, including real estate and
facility leases, (2) streamline the combined companys business, (3) reduce excess capacity, including terminating employees and (4) eliminate redundant operations, including the consolidation of H Powers operations into Plug Powers
headquarters in Latham, New York. 



the dilutive effects of the merger upon existing Plug Power stockholders; 



the risk that the merger could adversely affect Plug Powers stock price or Plug Powers relationship with some of its existing or potential
customers, suppliers or strategic partners; 



the significant costs involved in consummating the merger; and 



other applicable risks described in the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled Risk Factors on page 27. 

The Plug Power board of directors did not believe that the negative factors were sufficient,
individually or in the aggregate, to outweigh the potential benefits of the merger. 

Opinions of Financial Advisors 

Opinion of Financial Advisor to H Power (See page 63) 

In deciding to approve the merger, the H Power board of directors considered an opinion from its financial advisor, Lehman Brothers Inc. On November 11, 2002, Lehman
Brothers delivered its written opinion to the board of directors of H Power that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth therein, the exchange ratio offered to the
holders of H Power common stock in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. 

The full
text of the Lehman Brothers written opinion is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C. We encourage you to read the opinion carefully as well as the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled The
Merger and Related TransactionsConsideration of the Merger by H Powers Board of DirectorsOpinion of H Powers Financial Advisor. The opinion of Lehman Brothers does not constitute a recommendation as to how any holder of
H Power common stock should vote with respect to the merger agreement and the merger. 

Opinion of Financial
Advisor to Plug Power (See page 74) 

In deciding to approve the merger, the Plug Power board of directors
considered an opinion from its financial advisor, Stephens Inc. that, as of November 11, 2002, the exchange ratio set forth in the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Plug Power. 

The full text of Stephens written opinion is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex D. We encourage you to read
the opinion carefully as well as the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled The Merger and Related TransactionsConsideration of the Merger by Plug Powers Board of DirectorsOpinion of Plug Powers
Financial Advisor. The opinion of Stephens does not constitute a recommendation as to how any holder of Plug Power common stock should vote on the merger. 



Interests of H Powers Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (See page 70) 

Some of H Powers directors and officers have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, those of H
Power stockholders generally. For instance: 



Dr. H. Frank Gibbard, chief executive officer of H Power, is a party to a Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2002, which
provides that, among other things, (1) Dr. Gibbard must devote substantially all of his business time, ability and attention to H Powers business and affairs and he receives an annual base salary of $240,000, (2) if Dr. Gibbard is terminated
for reasons other than for cause, he may be entitled to receive benefits and payments of his salary through the end of his employment term and (3) if, within a year after a change in control, H Power terminates Dr. Gibbard or assigns him duties
materially inconsistent with his position, he may be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to two times his then annual base salary and incentive compensation, currently aggregating approximately $480,000. 



Mr. William Zang, chief financial officer of H Power, is a party to an amended Officers Employment Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2002, which
provides that, among other things, (1) Mr. Zang must devote substantially all of his business time, ability and attention to H Powers business and affairs and he receives an annual base salary of $190,000, (2) if Mr. Zang is terminated for
reasons other than for cause, he may be entitled to receive benefits and payments of his salary through the end of his employment term and (3) if, within a year after a change in control, H Power terminates Mr. Zang or assigns him duties materially
inconsistent with his position, he may be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to one and one-half times his then annual base salary and incentive compensation, currently aggregating approximately $292,000. 



Mr. Dudley Wass, chief operating officer of H Power, is a party to an amended Officers Employment Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2002, which
provides that, among other things, (1) Mr. Wass must devote substantially all of his business time, ability and attention to H Powers business and affairs and receives an annual base salary of $215,000, (2) if Mr. Wass is terminated for
reasons other than for cause, he may be entitled to receive benefits and payments of his salary through the end of his employment term and (3) if, within a year after a change in control, H Power terminates Mr. Wass or assigns him duties materially
inconsistent with his position, he may be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to one and one-half times his then annual base salary and incentive compensation, currently aggregating $315,000. 



Mr. Paul McNeill, vice president of business development, marketing and sales of H Power, is a party to an amended Officers Employment Agreement,
effective as of August 1, 2002, which provides that, among other things, (1) Mr. McNeill must devote substantially all of his business time, ability and attention to H Powers business and affairs and he receives an annual base salary of
$135,000, (2) if Mr. McNeill is terminated for reasons other than for cause, he may be entitled to receive benefits and payments of his salary through the end of his employment term and (3) if, within a year after change in control, H Power
terminates Mr. McNeill or assigns him duties materially inconsistent with his position, he may be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to one and one-half times his then annual base salary and incentive compensation, currently aggregating
$195,000. 



In addition, Messrs. Zang and Wass are entitled to receive incentive bonuses of $150,000 and $50,000, respectively, relating to incentives to reduce H
Powers cash burn rate in order to maintain stockholder value. 



The vesting on 1,500 outstanding options held by each of 5 non-employee directors of H Power to purchase H Power common stock will accelerate immediately prior
to the merger. 



Lehman Brothers, which H Power has retained as an investment banker with respect to the merger, will receive a fee of $1.5 million in addition to reimbursement
of reasonable expenses upon the closing of the merger transaction, net of monthly retainer fees received prior to the closing of the merger. Mr. Clark, a member of H Powers board of directors, is currently a vice-chairman of Lehman Brothers.



H Powers board of directors was aware of these interests and considered
them, among other matters, when it approved the merger agreement and the merger. 

Voting Agreements (See pages 99)

Two executive officers and an affiliate of H Power who collectively held an aggregate of
approximately 10.7% of H Powers total outstanding shares of common stock as of January 6, 2003 have agreed to vote their shares of H Power common stock in favor of the merger agreement and the merger. 

Structure and Effects of the Merger (See page 78) 

At the completion of the merger, Monmouth will merge with and into H Power and H Power will survive the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Plug Power. 

As a result of the merger, each outstanding share of H Power common stock will be converted into the right to receive a specific
number of shares of Plug Power common stock. The per share exchange ratio for H Power common stock will be determined based on, among other things, (1) the number of shares of H Power common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time
of the merger; (2) the average Plug Power common stock price, which is calculated based on the daily volume weighted average price of shares of Plug Power common stock for 10 randomly selected trading days in the 20 trading day period ending on the
second trading day prior to the effective time of the merger and (3) the transaction value price, which is determined based on, among other factors, H Powers net cash (as defined in the merger agreement) at the effective time of the merger.
The manner in which this exchange ratio will be calculated is described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The closing sale price of Plug Power common stock on January 8, 2003, the trading day prior to the date of printing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, was $ 5.05 per share. Also, as of that date, there were 10,776,548 shares of H Power common stock outstanding. Accordingly, substituting the closing sale price of the Plug Power common stock on January 8, 2003, for the average
Plug Power common stock price, and assuming the transaction value price is $50,675,000, there would result a hypothetical exchange ratio of approximately .89. This exchange ratio is an estimate, however, and will likely change at the completion of
the merger as a result of the factors described above. H Power stockholders will also receive cash, without interest, rather than a fractional share of Plug Power common stock that each otherwise would be entitled to receive in the merger.

At the completion of the merger, holders of shares of H Power common stock will hold shares of Plug Power
common stock. As a result, the rights of these holders following the merger will be governed by Plug Powers certificate of incorporation and bylaws, rather than H Powers certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as further described in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger (See page 78) 

Plug Power and H Power expect to complete the merger when all of the conditions to completion of the merger contained in the merger
agreement have been satisfied or waived. 

Plug Power and H Power are working toward satisfying these conditions
and completing the merger as soon as practicable. Plug Power and H Power currently plan to complete the merger in the first quarter of 2003 following the respective special meetings of Plug Power stockholders and H Power stockholders, assuming the H
Power stockholders approve the merger and the merger agreement, the Plug Power stockholders approve the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement and the other merger conditions are satisfied. However, because
the merger is subject to specified conditions, some of which are beyond Plug Powers and H Powers control, the exact timing cannot be predicted. 



Assuming that the H Power stockholders approve the merger and the merger
agreement, the Plug Power stockholders approve the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement and the other conditions to completion of the merger have been satisfied or waived, the merger will become effective
upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Plug Power and H Power expect to file the certificate of merger shortly following the special meeting of H Power stockholders at which the merger
agreement and the merger will be presented and voted upon and the special meeting of Plug Power stockholders at which the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock in the merger will be presented and voted upon. 

H Power Prohibited from Soliciting Other Offers (See page 88) 

H Power has agreed that, while the merger is pending, it will not solicit, initiate or encourage, or, except with respect to an unsolicited superior proposal (as defined in
the merger agreement), engage in discussions with any third parties regarding, certain types of extraordinary transactions, such as a tender offer, merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving H Power. 

Conditions to Completion of the Merger (See page 93) 

Plug Powers and H Powers obligations to complete the merger are subject to specified conditions described under The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger
AgreementConditions to Completion of the Merger. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement and Payment of Termination Fee
(See page 96) 

Plug Power and H Power may terminate the merger agreement by mutual agreement and under
other circumstances specified in the merger agreement. Plug Power and H Power have agreed that if the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances described under The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger
AgreementPayment of Termination Fees and Expenses, H Power will pay Plug Power a termination fee of $2,000,000. 

Plug Power and H Power have also agreed that if the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, H Power or Plug Power, as applicable, will reimburse the other party for its out-of-pocket expenses. 

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (See page 100) 

For federal income tax purposes, the transaction is intended to be tax-free to H Power stockholders who receive shares of common stock of
Plug Power in the merger (except with respect to cash received in lieu of fractional shares), although it is unclear as to whether the merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization. No gain or loss will be recognized by Plug Power or its
stockholders as a result of the merger. 

This tax treatment may not apply to all H Power stockholders.
Determining the actual tax consequences of the merger to you can be complicated. You should consult your own tax advisor for a full understanding of the tax consequences that are particular to you. 

Accounting Treatment of the Merger (See page 103) 

Plug Power will account for the merger using the purchase method of accounting and Plug Power will be considered the acquiror of H Power for accounting purposes. This method assumes that for financial
reporting purposes, Plug Power will treat both companies as one company beginning as of the date of the merger. In addition, under this method, Plug Power will record the fair value of H Powers net assets on its consolidated financial
statements, with the remaining purchase price in excess of fair value of H Powers net assets recorded as other intangibles, which will include goodwill. 



Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Merger (See page 103) 

Plug Power and H Power are subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 with
respect to the merger, which prevents specified transactions from being completed until required information and materials are furnished to the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and specified waiting
periods are terminated or expire. The Federal Trade Commission has granted early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act with respect to the merger, effective as of November 16, 2002. Neither Plug Power nor H Power is aware
of any other material governmental or regulatory approval required for completion of the merger, other than compliance with applicable corporate law of the State of Delaware and federal and state securities laws. 

Appraisal Rights (See page 104) 

No appraisal rights are available to stockholders of Plug Power or H Power under applicable law in connection with the merger. 

Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Plug Power Common Stock Received in the Merger (See page 104) 

All shares of Plug Power common stock that you receive in the merger will be freely transferable unless you are deemed to be an affiliate of H Power prior to the completion of the merger or an affiliate of Plug Power after
the completion of the merger or your shares are subject to other contractual restrictions. Shares of Plug Power common stock received by persons deemed to be affiliates in the merger may only be sold in compliance with Rule 145 under the Securities
Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act. 

Listing of Plug Power Common Stock (See page 164) 

The shares of Plug Power common stock issued in connection with the merger will be listed on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol PLUG. 



PLUG POWER SUMMARY SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following summary selected
consolidated statement of operations data for each of the three fiscal years ended December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001 and the summary selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2000 and 2001 set forth below, are derived from the
historical audited consolidated financial statements included in Plug Powers Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. The summary selected consolidated statement of operations data for the period June 27, 1997 to
December 31, 1997 and the year ended December 31, 1998 and the summary selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999 are derived from Plug Powers historical audited consolidated financial statements.

Plug Power derived the summary selected consolidated balance sheet and statement of operations data as of and
for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2001 and 2002 from its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. These statements include, in the opinion of management, all normal and recurring adjustments that are necessary for a fair
statement of results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2002 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31,
2002. When you read the following summary historical data, it is important that you read it along with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes in Plug Powers Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2001, Plug Powers quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the section of Plug Powers Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled
Information About H PowerH Power Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other Plug Power documents to which we refer. See Where You Can Find Additional Information
on page 165. 

Years Ended December 31,

Nine Months Ended September 30,

1997*

(in thousands, except per share data)

(unaudited)

Consolidated Statement of Operations:

Product and service revenue

$

  

$

  

$

  

$

  

$

2,574

$

$

7,381

Contract revenue

1,194

6,541

11,000

8,378

3,168

2,800

1,060

Total revenue

1,194

6,541

11,000

8,378

5,742

3,237

8,441

Cost of contract revenue

1,226

8,864

15,498

13,055

11,291

6,579

7,726

In-process research and development

4,043

  

  

4,984

  

  

  

Research and development expense:

Noncash stock-based compensation

  

  

  

1,301

Other research and development

1,301

4,633

20,506

65,657

59,299

46,690

29,406

General and administrative expense:

Noncash stock-based compensation

  

3,228

7,595

Other general and administrative

2,541

6,699

8,572

6,990

5,276

4,688

Interest expense

  

  

Operating loss

(6,006

)

(9,709

)

(35,121

)

(92,096

)

(73,901

)

(56,203

)

(34,390

)

Interest income

3,124

8,181

4,070

3,092

1,434

Loss before equity in losses of affiliate

(5,903

)

(9,616

)

(31,997

)

(83,915

)

(69,831

)

(53,111

)

(32,956

)

Equity in losses of affiliate

  

  

(1,472

)

(2,327

)

(3,281

)

(2,931

)

(1,544

)

Net loss

$

(5,903

)

$

(9,616

)

$

(33,469

)

$

(86,242

)

$

(73,112

)

$

(56,042

)

$

(34,500

)

Loss per share:

Basic and diluted

$

(0.62

)

$

(0.71

)

$

(1.27

)

$

(1.99

)

$

(1.56

)

$

(1.23

)

$

(0.68

)

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding

9,500

13,617

26,283

43,308

46,840

45,712

50,558



Years Ended December 31,

Nine Months Ended September 30,

1997*

(in thousands, except per share data)

(unaudited)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:

(at end of the period)

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities

$

3,080

$

3,993

$

171,496

$

86,733

$

92,682

$

104,106

$

66,011

Working capital

2,667

2,692

169,212

83,352

90,366

103,475

66,420

Total assets

4,846

8,093

216,126

150,829

151,374

164,819

119,647

Current portion of long-term obligations

  

  

Long-term obligations

  

  

6,517

6,707

6,172

6,534

6,018

Stockholders equity

3,597

5,493

201,407

134,131

135,003

150,548

104,655

*

For the period June 27, 1997 (date of inception) to December 31, 1997 



H POWER SUMMARY SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following summary selected
consolidated statement of operations data for each of the three fiscal years ended May 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002 and the summary selected consolidated balance sheet data as of May 31, 2001 and 2002 set forth below, are derived from the historical
audited consolidated financial statements of H Power included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The summary selected consolidated statement of operations data for each of the two years ended December 31, 1998 and 1999 and the summary
selected balance sheet data as of May 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 are derived from H Powers historical audited consolidated financial statements. 

H Power derived the summary selected consolidated balance sheet and statement of operations data as of and for the six month periods ended November 30, 2001 and 2002 from its unaudited consolidated
financial statements included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. These statements include, in the opinion of management, all normal and recurring adjustments that are necessary for a fair statement of results in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. The operating results for the six months ended November 30, 2002 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending May 31, 2003. When you read the following summary historical
data, it is important that you read it along with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements beginning on page F-1 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the section titled Information About H PowerH
Power Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. All share and per share data presented below have been retroactively adjusted to reflect H
Powers 1-for-5 reverse stock split effective October 16, 2002. 

Years Ended May 31,

Six Months Ended November 30,

(in thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated statement of operations data:

Revenues:

Products

$

$

$

$

1,474

$

1,820

$

$

Contracts

3,003

2,169

Total revenues

1,018

3,680

3,643

2,576

Operating expenses:

Cost of revenueproducts

2,499

3,613

1,382

Cost of revenuecontracts

2,609

2,994

Research and development

2,813

3,051

5,339

13,466

18,905

4,694

4,678

Selling, general and administrative(1)

3,514

3,813

12,565

11,846

9,158

2,050

2,442

Other costs

  

  

  

  

1,164

Total operating expenses

7,118

7,944

21,361

30,805

32,921

8,033

10,245

Loss from operations

(6,400

)

(6,926

)

(17,681

)

(27,162

)

(30,345

)

(7,238

)

(9,593

)

Interest and other income, net

5,011

2,435

Interest expense

(41

)

(22

)

(77

)

  

(5

)

  

  

Net Loss

(5,718

)

(6,766

)

(17,012

)

(22,151

)

(27,915

)

(6,556

)

(9,374

)

Net loss attributable to common stockholders

$

(5,928

)

$

(6,976

)

$

(17,222

)

$

(22,192

)

$

(27,915

)

$

(6,515

)

$

(9,339

)

Net loss per share, basic and diluted

$

(1.02

)

$

(1.20

)

$

(2.47

)

$

(2.20

)

$

(2.59

)

$

(.61

)

$

(.87

)

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted

5,802

5,803

6,976

10,083

10,771

10,771

10,777

(1)

Includes non-cash stock compensation expense of $4,400, $5,175 and $711 in the years ended May 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. 



As of May 31,

As of November 30,

(in thousands)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:

(at end of the period)

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments

$

4,961

$

$

11,257

$

93,372

$

59,758

$

75,357

$

44,806

Total assets

7,436

3,472

18,650

105,350

73,752

90,189

57,558

Long-term debt

Total stockholders equity (deficit)

$

(14,356

)

$

(20,464

)

$

(6,938

)

$

97,424

$

69,737

$

83,626

$

53,248



SELECTED COMBINED COMPANY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

The following
selected unaudited pro forma combined financial information has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information and related notes included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus on page 106. This information is based on the historical consolidated balance sheets and related historical consolidated statements of operations of Plug Power and the historical consolidated balance sheets and related
historical consolidated statements of operations of H Power, using the purchase method of accounting for business combinations. This information is for illustrative purposes only. The companies may have performed differently had they always
been combined. You should not rely on the selected unaudited pro forma combined financial information as being indicative of the historical results that would have been achieved had the companies always been combined or the future results that the
combined company will experience after the merger. 

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations

Pro forma Combined twelve month period ended December 31, 2001

Pro forma Combined nine month period ended September 30, 2002

Revenue

Product and service revenue

$

2,573,434

$

7,381,398

Research and development contract revenue

3,830,121

1,571,744

Total revenue

6,403,555

8,953,142

Cost of revenue and expenses

Cost of revenues

13,276,893

8,500,212

In-process research and development

  

  

Research and development expense:

Noncash stock-based compensation

1,300,807

520,006

Other research and development

78,298,058

41,974,190

General and administrative expense:

Noncash stock-based compensation

4,902,370

415,308

Other general and administrative

15,530,807

11,983,645

Interest expense

259,958

81,109

Operating loss

(107,165,338

)

(54,521,328

)

Interest income

8,876,017

2,522,453

Loss before equity in losses of affiliates

(98,289,321

)

(51,998,875

)

Equity in losses of affiliates

(3,280,794

)

(1,544,051

)

Net loss

$

(101,570,115

)

$

(53,542,926

)

Loss per share:

Basic and diluted (1)

$

(1.80

)

$

(0.89

)

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding(1)

56,419,486

60,137,533



Unaudited Pro Forma Balance Sheet Data 

(at end of the period, in thousands)

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities

$

118,697

Working capital

107,516

Total assets

181,117

Current portion of long-term obligations

Long-term obligations

5,120

Stockholders equity(1)

152,370

(1)

The estimated exchange ratio is .89 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock based on (i) 10,776,548 shares of H Power common
stock outstanding on the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, (ii) an average share price of $5.29 per share of Plug Power common stock (based on the closing price of $5.05 per share of Plug Power common stock on the last business day
prior to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and adjusted to $5.29 per share as a result of the collar) and (iii) an estimated net cash value of $36,675,000. This estimated exchange ratio has been used to present the pro forma
information based on the latest information available. The actual exchange ratio for H Power common stock in the merger may be different than the estimated exchange ratio. The exchange ratio could range from .73 to .89, exclusive of any adjustment
required based upon H Powers actual net cash at the effective time of the merger, as defined in the merger agreement. If the exchange ratio is .73 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock, the number of shares
of Plug Power common stock issued in connection with the merger would decrease to approximately 7.8 million shares from approximately 9.6 million shares and the pro forma loss per share, basic and diluted, for the twelve month period ended December
31, 2001 would be $(1.86) based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted, of 54,672,394. If the exchange ratio is .73 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock, the pro forma loss per
share, basic and diluted, for the nine month period ended September 30, 2002 would be $(0.92) based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted, of 58,390,441. Any change to the actual net cash at the effective time of
the merger will affect the final transaction value and the exchange ratio as determined pursuant to the formula within the merger agreement. An additional summary of the effect of changes in net cash and the average Plug Power common stock price,
both as determined pursuant to the merger agreement, is presented within note 3 on page 115 to further illustrate the impact to the relevant pro forma financial information. For further information concerning the estimated exchange ratio and the
factors that may cause it to be adjusted, see the section of this document titled The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementCollar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment. 



COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA 

The following tables set forth
certain historical per share data of Plug Power and H Power and combined per share data on an unaudited pro forma basis after giving effect to the merger using the purchase method of accounting, and assuming that 0.89 shares of Plug Power common
stock are issued in exchange for each share of H Power common stock in connection with the merger. It is expected that a total of approximately 9.6 million shares of Plug Power common stock will be issued in exchange for all of the outstanding
shares of common stock of H Power. The actual exchange ratio for H Power common stock in the merger may be different than this assumed exchange ratio. The following data should be read in conjunction with the separate historical consolidated
financial statements of H Power included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the separate historical consolidated financial statements of Plug Power incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, as well as the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The unaudited pro forma combined per share data do not necessarily indicate the operating results that would have been achieved had the
merger been completed as of the beginning of the earliest period presented and should not be taken as representative of future operations. The results may have been different if the companies had always been consolidated. All per share information
has been restated, as applicable for stock splits, as discussed in each entitys respective consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. No cash dividends have ever been declared or paid on Plug Power or H Power common stock.

Year ended December 31, 2001

Twelve month period ended
November 30,

Nine months
ended
September 30,

Nine month
period ended
August 31,

Plug PowerHistorical:

Basic and diluted loss per share

$

(1.56

)

  

$

(0.68

)

  

Book value per common share

$

2.53

  

$

2.03

  

H PowerHistorical:

Basic and diluted loss per share

  

$

(2.66

)

  

$

(1.95

)

Book value per common share

  

$

7.80

  

$

5.81

Pro FormaCombined:

Basic and diluted loss per share

$

(1.80

)(1)

  

$

(0.89

)(2)

  

Book value per common share

$

2.70

  

$

2.53

  

Equivalent Pro FormaCombined:(3)

Basic and diluted loss per share

$

(1.60

)

  

$

(0.79

)

  

Book value per common share

$

2.40

  

$

2.25

  

No options or warrants outstanding are
included in the calculation of diluted loss per share because their impact would have been anti-dilutive to loss per share for each period presented. 

(1)

The estimated exchange ratio is .89 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock based on (i) 10,776,548 shares of H Power common
stock outstanding on the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, (ii) an average share price of $5.29 per share of Plug Power common stock (based on the closing price of $5.05 per share of Plug Power common stock on the last business day
prior to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and adjusted to $5.29 per share as a result of the collar) and (iii) an estimated net cash value of $36,675,000. This exchange ratio has been used to present the pro forma information based
on the latest information available and may be subject to change on completion of the transaction. The exchange ratio could range from .73 to .89, exclusive of any adjustment required based upon H Powers actual net cash at the effective time
of the merger, as defined in the merger agreement. If the exchange ratio is .73 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock, the loss per share, basic and diluted, for pro forma combined would be $(1.86) based on the
weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted, of 54,672,394. The actual exchange ratio for H Power



common stock in the merger may be different than the assumed exchange ratio. Any change to the actual net cash at the effective time of the merger will affect the final transaction value and
exchange ratio as determined pursuant to the formula within the merger agreement. An additional summary of the effect of changes in net cash and the average Plug Power common stock price, both as determined pursuant to the merger agreement, is
presented within note 3 on page 115 to further illustrate the impact to the relevant pro forma financial information. For further information concerning the estimated exchange ratio and factors that may cause it to be adjusted, see the section of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementCollar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment on page 82. 

(2)

The estimated exchange ratio is .89 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock based on (i) 10,776,548 shares of H Power common
stock outstanding on the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, (ii) an average share price of $5.29 per share of Plug Power common stock (based on the closing price of $5.05 per share of Plug Power common stock on the last business day
prior to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and adjusted to $5.29 per share as a result of the collar) and (iii) a net cash value of $36,675,000. This exchange ratio has been used to present the pro forma information based on the
information available and may be subject to change on completion of the transaction. The exchange ratio could range from .73 to .89, exclusive of any adjustment required based upon H Powers actual net cash at the effective time of the merger,
as defined in the merger agreement. If the exchange ratio is .73 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock, the loss per share, basic and diluted, for pro forma combined would be $(0.92) based on the weighted average
number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted, of 58,390,441. The actual exchange ratio for H Power common stock in the merger may be different than the assumed exchanged ratio. Any change to the actual net cash at the effective time of the merger
will affect the final transaction value and exchange ratio as determined pursuant to the formula within the merger agreement. An additional summary of the effect of changes in net cash and the average Plug Power common stock price, both as
determined pursuant to the merger agreement, is presented within note 3 on page 115 to further illustrate the impact to the relevant pro forma financial information. For further information concerning the estimated exchange ratio and the factors
that may cause it to be adjusted, see the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementCollar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment on page 82. 

(3)

The unaudited equivalent pro forma per share amounts are calculated by multiplying the unaudited combined pro forma per share amounts by an assumed exchange
ratio of .89 of a share of Plug Power common stock for each outstanding share of H Power common stock. The estimated exchange ratio of .89 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock is based on 10,776,548 shares of H
Power common stock outstanding, an average share price of $5.29 per share of Plug Power common stock and an estimated net cash value of $36,675,000. This exchange ratio has been used to present the pro forma financial information based on the latest
information available and may be subject to change on completion of the transaction. 



COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION 

Plug Power common
stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol PLUG. H Power common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol HPOW. The following table shows the high and low sale prices per share of Plug
Power common stock and H Power common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market for each of the two most recent fiscal years and the fiscal quarters during the current fiscal year. Plug Power common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq National
Market since October 28, 1999, the date of Plug Powers initial public offering. H Powers common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq National Market since August 9, 2000, the date of H Powers initial public offering. All share
prices of H Power have been adjusted to give effect to the 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the outstanding common stock effected as of the close of business on October 16, 2002. 

Plug Power

H Power

Fiscal Quarters

High

Low

High

Low

2000:

First Quarter

$

156.50

$

25.75

  

  

Second Quarter

97.00

38.00

  

  

Third Quarter*

71.63

36.00

$

179.69

$

63.16

Fourth Quarter

39.13

9.13

172.50

26.25

2001:

First Quarter

$

33.00

$

12.50

$

53.13

$

26.25

Second Quarter

38.00

12.88

80.00

31.88

Third Quarter

22.27

6.01

50.00

13.75

Fourth Quarter

10.70

7.19

17.70

12.55

2002:

First Quarter

$

13.10

$

8.26

$

22.15

$

11.15

Second Quarter

12.58

6.61

14.75

4.30

Third Quarter

8.00

4.05

6.40

2.95

Fourth Quarter

6.82

3.39

4.59

1.75

2003:

First Quarter

$

5.20

$

4.51

$

4.10

$

3.70

(through January 8, 2003)

*

Commencing on August 9, 2000 for H Power. 

Recent Closing Prices 

The following table shows the closing prices per share of Plug
Power common stock and H Power common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market on (1) November 11, 2002, the business day preceding the public announcement that Plug Power and H Power had entered into the merger agreement and (2) January 8,
2003, the last full trading day for which closing prices were available at the time of the printing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The following table also includes the equivalent price per share of H Power common stock on those dates. This equivalent per share price reflects the value of the Plug Power common stock you would
receive for each share of your H Power common stock if the merger was completed on any of these dates, applying the assumed exchange ratio of .855 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock for November 11, 2002 and the
assumed exchange ratio of .89 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock for January 8, 2003. The assumed exchange ratios used in the presentation of the equivalent price per share amounts have been determined pursuant
to the exchange ratio formula, as defined in



the merger agreement, as if the merger was completed on November 11, 2002 and January 8, 2003 based on (1) the closing price per share of Plug Power common stock (to the extent not limited by the
10% collar) on November 11, 2002 and January 8, 2003; (2) the number of outstanding shares of H Power common stock of 10,776,548 on November 11, 2002 and January 8, 2003; and (3) an estimated transaction value of $50,675,000 based on estimated net
cash of $36,675,000 on those dates. These amounts are based on the information available and may change at the completion of the merger as a result of those factors described in the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled The
Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementCollar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment on page 82. 

Plug Power
Common
Stock

H Power
Common
Stock

Equivalent
Price Per
Share

November 11, 2002

$

5.50

$

2.19

$

4.70

January 8, 2003 

$

5.05

$

3.96

$

4.49

Because the market price of Plug Power common stock and H Power common stock may increase or decrease before the completion of the merger, you are urged to obtain current market quotations. 

As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, there were approximately 965 stockholders of record of Plug Power who held an
aggregate of 50,865,304 shares of Plug Power common stock. 

As of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, there were approximately 389 stockholders of record of H Power who held an aggregate of 10,776,548 shares of H Power common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

Neither Plug Power nor H Power has ever declared or paid
dividends on its common stock in the past and neither company intends to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends after consummation of the merger will be at the discretion of Plug Powers board of directors
and will depend on Plug Powers financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors Plug Powers board of directors deems relevant. 



CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS 

This joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus contain forward-looking statements about the merger, Plug Power and H Power within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements containing the words believes, anticipates, estimates, expects,
intends, plans, seeks, will, may, should, would, projects, predicts, continues and similar expressions or the negative of these
terms constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value and effect, including those
discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 27 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and, with respect to Plug Power, reports filed by Plug Power with the Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically forms
8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, incorporated into this document. Such risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value and effect could cause Plug Powers or H Powers actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
events. In evaluating the merger agreement and the merger, you should carefully consider the discussion of risks and uncertainties discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors. 

Although each company believes that its plans, intentions and expectations as reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give
no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. H Power stockholders and Plug Power stockholders are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially
from those discussed as a result of various risk factors described in the section entitled Risk Factors. Listed below and discussed elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are some important risks, uncertainties and
contingencies which could cause each companys actual results, performances or achievements to be materially different from the forward-looking statements made in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, particularly if the merger is not
completed. These risks, uncertainties and contingencies include, but are not limited to, the following: 



the satisfaction of the conditions to closing, including receipt of stockholder and regulatory approvals; 



the expected closing date of the merger; 



the risk that the merger will not close; 



the risk that the merger will not be treated as a tax-free reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes; 



the risk that Plug Power will not integrate and restructure the acquired business successfully; 



the risk that Plug Power will incur unanticipated costs to integrate and restructure the acquired business; 



the risk that H Power will require more cash than anticipated prior to closing; 



fluctuations in the trading price and volume of Plug Powers common stock; 



the risk that continuity of H Powers operations will be disrupted in the event the transaction does not close; 



Plug Powers ability to develop a commercially viable fuel cell system; 



the cost and time required for Plug Power to develop fuel cell systems; 



market acceptance of Plug Powers fuel cell systems; 



Plug Powers reliance on its relationship with certain affiliates of General Electric; 





Plug Powers ability to perform on its multi-generation product plan in a manner satisfactory to its distribution partners; 



Plug Powers ability to manufacture fuel cell systems on a commercial basis; 



competitive factors, such as price competition, competition from other power technologies and competition from other fuel cell companies and the cost and
availability of components and parts for Plug Powers fuel cell systems; 



the ability to raise and provide the necessary capital to develop, manufacture and market Plug Powers fuel cell systems; 



Plug Powers ability to lower the cost of its fuel cell systems and demonstrate their reliability; and 



the cost of complying with current and future governmental regulations. 

In addition, events may occur in the future that H Power or Plug Power are not able to accurately predict or control and that may cause actual results to differ materially
from the expectations described in these forward-looking statements. 

Readers should not place undue reliance on
the forward-looking statements contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made and the companies assume no obligation to update publicly any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In evaluating forward-looking statements, you should consider these risks and uncertainties, together with the other risks described from time to time in
the companies respective reports and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 



RISK FACTORS 

By voting in favor of the adoption and approval of the merger
agreement and the approval of the merger, stockholders of H Power will be choosing to invest in Plug Power common stock and by voting in favor of the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock in connection with the merger, stockholders of Plug
Power will be choosing to acquire H Power. An investment in Plug Power common stock, which after the merger will be the common stock of the combined companies, involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information contained in or
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in deciding whether to vote in favor of adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger, in the
case of H Power stockholders, or in favor of the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement, in the case of Plug Power stockholders. In addition, you should keep the following risk factors in mind when you read
forward-looking statements in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Please refer to the section entitled Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page 25 of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Risks Related to the Merger 

Fluctuations in the market price of Plug Power common
stock may affect the value of the consideration that H Power stockholders receive in the merger and the corresponding amount paid by Plug Power to acquire H Power. 

The value of the consideration that H Power stockholders will receive in the merger, and the number of shares of Plug Power common stock that H Power stockholders will
receive in the merger, may depend on the market price of Plug Power common stock. In the merger, H Power stockholders are to receive a number of shares of Plug Power common stock that is based on a formula that divides a transaction value price
(initially set at $50,675,000, subject to adjustment) by Plug Powers average common stock price for 10 randomly selected trading days in the 20 trading day period ending on the second trading day prior to the merger. In turn, this result is
divided by the number of shares of H Power common stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger. However, H Power stockholders are not guaranteed to receive value in Plug Power common stock equivalent to the transaction value price. This is
because the exchange ratio is restricted by a 10% collar from an assumed Plug Power common stock price of $5.88 per share. Accordingly, if the average Plug Power common stock price is less than $5.29, the exchange ratio will be fixed at the ratio
that would have been derived if the average Plug Power common stock price was equal to $5.29, and H Power stockholders will receive aggregate value in the merger less than the transaction value price. Conversely, if the average Plug Power common
stock price is greater than $6.47, the exchange ratio will be fixed at the ratio that would have been derived if the average Plug Power common stock price was equal to $6.47, and H Power stockholders will receive aggregate value in the merger
greater than the transaction value price. 

In addition, because the market price of Plug Power common stock
between the determination date for the average Plug Power common stock price and the effective time of the merger, as well as the date certificates representing shares of Plug Power common stock are delivered in exchange for shares of H Power common
stock following consummation of the merger, will fluctuate and possibly decline, the value of Plug Power common stock actually received by holders of H Power common stock may be more or less than (A) the average Plug Power common stock price or (B)
the value of the Plug Power common stock at the effective time of the merger resulting from the exchange ratio or any possible adjustment to the exchange ratio as illustrated in the section of this document titled The Merger and Related
TransactionsThe Merger AgreementCollar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment on page 82. 

Prior to each companys respective special meeting of stockholders, the companies will post the current estimated exchange ratio on their respective websites. Plug Powers website is at www.plugpower.com and H Powers
website is at www.hpower.com. We encourage you to consider the market price of Plug Power common stock before you make your voting decision regarding the merger. See the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus titled The Merger and
Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementCollar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment on page 82. 



Fluctuations in the net cash of H Power may affect the value of the consideration that H Power stockholders receive
in the merger and the value of the assets acquired by Plug Power. 

The value of the consideration that
H Power stockholders will receive in the merger will depend on the net cash of H Power (as such term is defined in the merger agreement) at the effective time of the merger. As described below, net cash directly impacts the transaction value price,
which is a key determinant in calculating the exchange ratio. In certain instances, the transaction value price will reflect the value of Plug Power common stock to be received by the H Power stockholders in the merger. At the effective time of the
merger, the net cash of H Power may be higher or lower than the estimated net cash on the date that the merger agreement was signed, the date this document was mailed to you or the date of the H Power special meeting of stockholders; however, the
net cash at the effective time of the merger is the only applicable measurement. Therefore, H Power stockholders cannot be assured prior to the merger of the definitive value of shares of Plug Power common stock they will be entitled to receive on
the date of the merger. Correspondingly, Plug Power stockholders cannot be assured prior to the merger of acquiring any definitive value of assets of H Power. See the section of this document titled The Merger and Related TransactionsThe
Merger AgreementCollar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment on page 82. 

The right of H Power
to terminate the merger based on the price of Plug Power common stock and the right of Plug Power to not complete the merger based on the net cash of H Power are limited. 

If the aggregate value of the anticipated number of shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued in the merger based on the reasonably anticipated average Plug Power
common stock price is less than $29,675,000 (which could occur if Plug Powers common stock price declines significantly prior to the effective time of the merger), H Power has the right, in certain circumstances, to terminate the merger
agreement, subject to Plug Powers ability to prevent H Power from doing so. In order for Plug Power to prevent termination, it would have to increase the number of shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued in the merger (through an
increase in the exchange ratio) such that the aggregate value of such shares, based on the average Plug Power common stock price, is equal to or greater than $29,675,000. If Plug Power elects not to exercise this topping-up right, the
merger agreement could then be terminated by H Power. However, H Power may elect not to exercise its right to terminate the merger agreement. In that case, the aggregate value to be received by H Power stockholders will be less than $29,675,000.

Plug Power has the right to not consummate the merger based on the amount of net cash of H Power. However,
this right is limited to the circumstance where such net cash is less than $27,500,000 at the effective time of the merger. There is no assurance that Plug Power will elect to exercise its right not to consummate the merger in such circumstances.

As a result of the merger, existing H Power obligations will become the obligations of the combined
company, which Plug Power may determine not to honor and may be expensive to terminate or may result in litigation. 

As a result of the merger, substantially all of H Powers existing obligations, contractual and otherwise, will remain intact and will become obligations of Plug Power following the merger, as the parent entity to H Power. Plug
Power expects that in many instances it will seek to terminate, renegotiate or otherwise amend these obligations, although in doing so it may incur substantial costs. For example, certain of these ongoing commitments may relate to H Power products
that Plug Power will no longer produce or support. Plug Power may not be able to terminate or amend those agreements or negotiate an alternative solution at a reasonable cost or at all. If Plug Power does not perform under these agreements, it may
become subject to litigation. If this occurs, and the plaintiffs prevail, or if the combined company is obligated to perform under such agreements, such outcomes could have a material adverse effect on the combined companys financial
condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

Plug Power expects to have significant costs associated
with combining the companies. 

Plug Power presently expects to incur significant costs to streamline the
combined companys business, reduce excess capacity and eliminate redundant operations. For instance, in addition to terminating or amending



certain H Power obligations, as discussed above, as part of the post-closing integration of the combined businesses, it is anticipated that all operations would be consolidated into Plug
Powers headquarters, located in Latham, New York. Also, Plug Power expects to incur significant costs associated with the termination of contracts, including leases and employee terminations, including, but not limited to, an estimated $1.8
million with respect to change of control agreements with H Power management that will result in one time and/or continuing payments upon or prior to the consummation of the merger. For additional discussion as to these expected costs, See
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information beginning on page 106. Accordingly, Plug Power believes the combined company may incur charges to operations, which are not currently reasonably estimable, in the quarter in
which the merger is completed or the following quarters, to reflect costs associated with integrating and streamlining the businesses and operations of Plug Power and H Power. There can be no assurance that the costs associated with streamlining the
business, reducing excess capacity and eliminating redundant operations will not exceed those projected by Plug Power, nor can there be any assurance that the combined company will not incur additional material charges in subsequent quarters to
reflect additional costs associated with the merger. 

Failure to complete the merger could negatively
impact Plug Powers and/or H Powers stock prices, future business and operations. 

If the
merger is not completed for any reason, Plug Power and H Power may be subject to a number of material risks, including the following: 



H Power may be required, under certain circumstances, to pay to Plug Power a termination fee of $2,000,000; 



either Plug Power or H Power may be required, under certain circumstances, to pay to the other party particular out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with pursuing the merger; 



both companies may experience a negative reaction, from both the financial markets and customers, suppliers or partners of each company, to the termination of
the merger; 



each company must pay its own costs related to the merger (subject to reimbursement by the other party in particular cases), such as amounts payable to legal
and financial advisors and independent accountants, even if the merger is not completed; 



the price of Plug Powers and/or H Powers common stock may decline as a result of the costs associated with the merger and/or to the extent that the
current market price of Plug Powers and/or H Powers common stock reflects a market assumption that the merger will be completed; 



either company may forego other opportunities which would otherwise be available had the merger agreement not been executed, including, without limitation,
foregone opportunities as a result of certain affirmative and negative covenants made by H Power in the merger agreement, such as covenants affecting the conduct of its business outside the ordinary course of business; and 



either company may be unable to obtain additional sources of financing or conclude another sale or merger transaction on favorable terms, or at all, and the
board of directors of either company may determine that the best alternative is to discontinue certain operations, liquidate certain assets, reduce expenditures, and take other actions required to limit operations in a manner inconsistent with
current development and commercialization plans. 

The anticipated benefits of the merger
may not be realized in a timely fashion, or at all, and Plug Powers operations may be adversely affected. 

The success of the merger will depend, in part, on Plug Powers ability to realize the anticipated enhancements to capital resources, growth opportunities and synergies of combining with H Power and to effectively utilize the
increased cash and other resources Plug Power expects to have following the merger. The



merger involves risks related to the integration and management of acquired technology and operations and personnel. The integration of the businesses will be a complex, time-consuming and
potentially expensive process and may disrupt Plug Powers business if not completed in a timely and efficient manner. Some of the difficulties that may be encountered by the combined company include: 



the diversion of managements attention from other ongoing business concerns; 



the inability to utilize the acquired resources effectively; and 



demonstrating to the combined companys customers, suppliers and partners that the merger will not result in adverse changes in client service standards or
business focus. 

If Plug Powers management focuses too much time, money and effort to
integrate H Powers operations and assets, they may not be able to execute Plug Powers overall business strategy. Additionally, neither Plug Power nor H Power can assure the combined company will progress at the same rates as have been
experienced by Plug Power and H Power, respectively, operating as separate companies in the past. 

Customer,
supplier, partner and employee uncertainty about the merger could harm the combined company, or the respective businesses of H Power and Plug Power if the merger is not completed. 

Plug Powers and/or H Powers existing or potential customers may, in response to the announcement or consummation of the merger, delay or defer purchasing
decisions. Plug Powers and H Powers suppliers or partners may experience uncertainty about their future relationship with the combined company and may limit their involvement with either company until or after the merger is completed.
Similarly, Plug Powers or H Powers current or prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company until or after Plug Power announces and executes its strategies with regard to such
employees. This may adversely affect the combined companys, or each companys, if the merger is not completed, ability to attract and retain key management, sales, and technical personnel and effectively operate its business.

Plug Power and H Power expect to incur significant costs associated with the merger, whether or not the
merger is completed. 

Plug Power estimates that it will incur direct transaction costs of
approximately $1.4 million associated with the merger, which will be included as a part of the total purchase cost for accounting purposes, including fees and other expenses payable to Stephens in connection with the merger as described in the
section entitled The Merger and Related TransactionsConsideration of the Merger by Plug Powers Board of DirectorsOpinion of Plug Powers Financial Advisor beginning on page 74 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. In addition, H Power estimates that it will incur direct transaction costs, which will be expensed as incurred for accounting purposes, of approximately $2.5 million, if the merger is completed, or approximately $1.9 million if
the merger is not completed, including fees and other expenses payable to its advisors in connection with the merger as described in the section entitled The Merger and Related TransactionsConsideration of the Merger by H Powers
Board of DirectorsOpinion of H Powers Financial Advisor beginning on page 63 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Payment of certain of these fees are dependent on consummation of the merger. 

The merger may fail to qualify as a reorganization for federal income tax purposes, resulting in recognition of taxable gain or loss
in respect of shares of H Power common stock. 

Both Plug Power and H Power intend the merger to
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. However, the law is unclear as to whether the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization. If the merger fails to qualify as a
reorganization, stockholders of H Power will generally recognize a gain or loss on each share of H Power common stock surrendered in an



amount equal to the difference between the adjusted tax basis in that share and the fair market value of the Plug Power common stock (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) received in exchange
for that share upon completion of the merger. 

For a more detailed description of the consequences of the
merger failing to qualify as a reorganization, see The Merger and Related TransactionsMaterial United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger beginning on page 100 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The price of Plug Power common stock may be affected by factors different from those affecting the
price of H Power common stock. 

When the merger is completed, holders of H Power common stock will
become holders of Plug Power common stock. Plug Powers business differs from that of H Power, and Plug Powers results of operations, as well as the price of Plug Powers common stock, may be affected by factors that are different
from those affecting H Powers results of operations and the price of H Powers common stock. The factors that may affect the price of Plug Powers common stock include Plug Powers reliance on its relationship with certain
affiliates of General Electric, market acceptance of Plug Powers fuel cell systems, Plug Powers ability to lower the cost of its fuel cell systems and demonstrate their reliability, competitive factors, such as price competition and
competition from other power technologies, and the cost and availability of components and parts for Plug Powers fuel cell systems. 

The market price of Plug Power common stock may decline as a result of the merger. 

The market price of Plug Power common stock may decline as a result of the merger if: 



the integration of Plug Power and H Power is unsuccessful; 



Plug Power does not achieve the perceived benefits of the merger as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or investors; or



the effect of the merger on Plug Powers financial results or condition is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts or
investors. 

The market price of Plug Power common stock could also decline as a result of
factors related to the merger which may currently be unforeseen. 

If H Power stockholders who receive Plug
Power common stock in the merger sell that stock immediately, it could cause a decline in the market price of Plug Power common stock. 

All of the shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued in the merger will be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and therefore will be immediately available for resale in the
public market, except that shares issued in the merger to H Power stockholders who are affiliates of H Power before the merger or who become affiliates of Plug Power after the merger will be subject to certain restrictions on transferability. The
number of shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued to H Power stockholders in connection with the merger and immediately available for resale will equal approximately 18.8% of the number of outstanding shares of Plug Power common stock
currently in the public market. H Power stockholders who are not affiliates may elect to sell the stock they receive immediately after the merger. As a result of future sales of such common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, the
market price of Plug Power common stock may decline and could decline significantly before or at the time the merger is completed or immediately thereafter. If this occurs, or if other holders of Plug Power common stock sell significant amounts of
Plug Power common stock immediately after the merger is completed, these sales may cause a decline in the market price of Plug Power common stock. 



The termination fee and the restrictions on solicitation contained in the
merger agreement and the terms of the voting agreements may discourage other companies from trying to acquire H Power. 

Until the completion of the merger, and with some exceptions, H Power is prohibited from initiating or engaging in discussions with a third party regarding some types of extraordinary transactions involving H Power, such as
a tender offer, merger, business combination or sale of any material assets or any securities of H Power. H Power has also agreed to pay a termination fee of $2,000,000 to Plug Power in specified circumstances and in certain other circumstances, to
reimburse Plug Powers out-of-pocket expenses, including legal, accounting, investment banking, printing and other fees, related to the merger. In addition, holders of approximately 10.7% of the outstanding H Power common stock as of January 6,
2003 have entered into agreements with Plug Power in which they agreed to vote in favor of the merger and against any competing proposal. These provisions could discourage other companies from trying to acquire H Power even though those other
companies might be willing to offer greater value to H Power stockholders than Plug Power has offered in the merger. Payment of the termination fee or Plug Powers out-of-pocket expenses could also have a material adverse effect on H
Powers financial condition. 

Plug Power and H Power may waive one or more of the conditions to
the merger without resoliciting stockholder approval for the merger. 

Each of the conditions to Plug
Powers and H Powers obligations to complete the merger may be waived, in whole or in part, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, by agreement of Plug Power and H Power. The boards of directors of Plug Power and H Power will
evaluate the materiality of any such waiver to determine whether amendment of this document and resolicitation of proxies is warranted. In the event that the board of directors of Plug Power or H Power determines any such waiver is not sufficiently
material to warrant resolicitation of stockholders, the applicable company will have the discretion to complete the merger without seeking further stockholder approval. 

If the conditions to the merger are not met or waived, the merger will not occur. 

Specified conditions must be satisfied or waived to complete the merger. These conditions are described in detail in the merger agreement. Plug Power and H Power cannot
assure you that each of the conditions will be satisfied. If the conditions are not satisfied or waived, the merger will not occur or will be delayed, and Plug Power and H Power each may lose some or all of the intended benefits of the merger.

Certain directors and executive officers of H Power have special interests in the merger that may influence
them to support and approve the merger. 

Certain directors and executive officers of H Power have
interests in the merger that are in addition to, or different than, their interests solely as H Power stockholders. These interests include the following: 



the accelerated vesting of certain stock options held by certain non-employee directors of H Power as a result of the merger; 



the receipt of severance payments by certain executive officers in the event that such individuals resign or terminate their employment with H Power subsequent
to the signing of the merger agreement; 



the receipt of payments, pursuant to a termination agreement by Energy Co-Opportunity, Inc. and ECO Fuel Cells, LLC, which has a representative on the H Power
board of directors; 



the engagement of Lehman Brothers, a vice-chairman of which is a director of H Powers board of directors, as H Powers financial advisor in
connection with the merger; and 



the receipt of ongoing indemnification and insurance coverage with respect to acts taken and omissions to take action in their capacities as directors and
officers of H Power prior to the effective time of the merger. 



The H Power board of directors was aware of these interests when it approved
the merger agreement and the merger. For a more detailed description of these interests, see The Merger and Related Transactions Consideration of the Merger by H Powers Board of DirectorsInterests of H Powers Directors
and Officers in the Merger beginning on page 70 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

After
the merger, stockholders of H Power will have different rights that may be less advantageous than their current rights. 

Upon completion of the merger, the stockholders of H Power will become Plug Power stockholders. Differences in H Powers certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Plug Powers certificate of incorporation and
bylaws will result in changes to the rights of H Power stockholders when they become Plug Power stockholders. See Comparison of Rights of Holders of Plug Power Common Stock and H Power Common Stock beginning on page 156. A stockholder of
H Power may conclude that his, her or its rights under Plug Powers certificate of incorporation and bylaws are more limited than his, her or its current rights under H Powers certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

Purchase accounting treatment and the impact of amortization of intangibles with definite lives relating to the merger
could adversely affect Plug Powers operating results. 

The merger will be accounted for under the
purchase method of accounting and Plug Power will be considered the acquiror of H Power for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the historical financial statements of Plug Power will continue to be the historical financial statements of the combined
company following the merger and H Power will be included in the ongoing results of operations prospectively from the date of the consummation of the merger. Under purchase accounting, Plug Power will record the following as the cost of acquiring
the business of H Power: 

(1)

the sum of the market value of Plug Power common stock issued in connection with the merger; 

(2)

the fair value of H Power stock options assumed by Plug Power; and 

(3)

the amount of direct transaction costs incurred by Plug Power. 

Plug Power will allocate the cost of the items described in (1), (2) and (3) above to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including intangible assets
such as acquired technology, based on their respective fair values. Intangible assets, including intangibles with indefinite lives from acquisitions are evaluated annually to determine whether any portion of the remaining balance of such indefinite
lived intangibles may not be recoverable. The amount of purchase cost allocated to goodwill and other intangibles for accounting purposes is estimated to be approximately $8.9 million, computed using the estimated purchase price of $52.6 million. If
it is determined in the future that a portion of this goodwill is impaired, Plug Power will be required to write off that portion which could decrease the net income (or alternatively increase the net loss) of Plug Power in the future, and this
could have a material adverse effect on the market value of Plug Power common stock following the completion of the merger. These amounts are only estimates, however, and actual amounts may differ from these estimates. 

Risks Related to Plug Power and the Combined Company 

The following risks relate to
Plug Power prior to the merger as well as to the combined company of Plug Power and H Power subsequent to the merger. As a result, all references to Plug Power in this section shall be deemed to also be references to the combined company of Plug
Power and H Power subsequent to the merger. 

Plug Power may never complete the research and development of
commercially viable stationary fuel cell systems. 

Plug Power is a development stage company. Plug Power
does not know when or whether it will successfully complete research and development of commercially viable stationary fuel cell systems. Plug Power



has produced and is currently demonstrating a number of systems. Plug Power must decrease the costs of its components and subsystems, improve its overall reliability and efficiency, and ensure
its safety. Although Plug Power has sold a limited number of its initial products, it must complete substantial additional research and development on its systems before it will have a large-scale commercially viable product. Because development of
Plug Powers fuel cell systems proceeded more slowly than it anticipated, Plug Power has amended its distribution agreement with GE Fuel Cell Systems on three occasions to revise the performance specifications and prices and to extend the
delivery schedule for the products covered by that agreement. If development of Plug Powers fuel cell systems proceeds more slowly than currently anticipated, additional amendments of Plug Powers distribution agreement with GE Fuel Cell
Systems may be necessary. There can be no assurance that GE Fuel Cell Systems will agree to such amendments on terms that are favorable to Plug Power, or at all. In addition, while Plug Power is conducting tests to predict the overall life of its
systems, it will not have run its systems over its projected useful life prior to large-scale commercialization. As a result, Plug Power cannot be sure that its systems will last as long as predicted, resulting in possible warranty claims and
commercial failures. 

Plug Power has only been in business for a short time, and your basis for
evaluating Plug Power is limited. 

Plug Power was formed in June 1997 to further the research and
development of stationary fuel cell systems. While Plug Power delivered its initial product in the third quarter of 2001, it does not expect to be profitable for at least the next several years. Accordingly, there is only a limited basis upon which
you can evaluate Plug Powers business and prospects. As an investor in Plug Powers common stock, you should consider the challenges, expenses and difficulties that Plug Power will face as a development stage company seeking to develop
and manufacture a new product. 

Plug Power has incurred losses and anticipates continued losses for at least
the next several years. 

As of September 30, 2002, Plug Power had an accumulated deficit of $242.8
million. Plug Power has not achieved profitability and expects to continue to incur net losses until it can produce sufficient revenue to cover its costs. The total cost to produce Plug Powers initial products is currently higher than its
sales price. Furthermore, Plug Power anticipates that it will continue to incur losses until it can produce and sell its fuel cell systems on a large-scale and cost-effective basis. Even if Plug Power does achieve profitability, it may be unable to
sustain or increase its profitability in the future. 

Available market for fuel cell systems may never
develop or may take longer to develop than Plug Power anticipates. 

Fuel cell systems for residential,
commercial and industrial applications represent an emerging market, and Plug Power does not know the extent to which its targeted distributors and resellers will want to purchase them and whether end-users will want to use them. If a viable market
fails to develop or develops more slowly than Plug Power anticipates, it may be unable to recover the losses it will have incurred to develop its product and may be unable to achieve profitability. The development of a viable market for Plug
Powers systems may be impacted by many factors which are out of its control, including: 



the cost competitiveness of fuel cell systems, 



the future costs of natural gas, propane and other fuels expected to be used by our systems, 



consumer reluctance to try a new product, 



consumer perceptions of Plug Powers systems safety, 



regulatory requirements, and 



the emergence of newer, more competitive technologies and products. 



Plug Power has no experience manufacturing fuel cell systems on a
large-scale commercial basis. 

To date, Plug Power has focused primarily on research and development and
has no experience manufacturing fuel cell systems on a large-scale commercial basis. In 2000, Plug Power completed construction of its 50,000 square foot manufacturing facility, and it is continuing to develop its manufacturing capabilities and
processes. Plug Power does not know whether or when it will be able to develop efficient, low-cost manufacturing capabilities and processes that will enable it to meet the quality, price, engineering, design and production standards or production
volumes required to successfully market its fuel cell systems. Even if Plug Power is successful in developing its manufacturing capabilities and processes, it does not know whether it will do so in time to meet its product commercialization schedule
or to satisfy the requirements of its distributors or customers. 

Plug Power is heavily dependent on its
relationship with GE Fuel Cell Systems and its commitment to develop the fuel cell market. 

Plug Power
believes that a substantial portion of its future revenue will be derived from sales of products to GE Fuel Cell Systems. Under the terms of Plug Powers current distribution agreement, GE Fuel Cell Systems has worldwide rights to market,
distribute, install and service Plug Powers proton exchange membrane fuel cell systems designed for stationary applications other than in the states of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan and Ohio. Under Plug Powers distribution agreement, it
will serve as GE Fuel Cell Systems exclusive supplier of the proton exchange membrane fuel cell systems and related components meeting the specifications set forth in the distribution agreement. 

Plug Powers ability to successfully sell its fuel cell systems is heavily dependent upon GE Fuel Cell Systems sales,
distribution and service capabilities. Although Plug Power owns a minority interest in GE Fuel Cell Systems, it cannot control the operations or business decisions of GE Fuel Cell Systems. Any change in Plug Powers relationship with GE Fuel
Cell Systems, whether as a result of market, economic or competitive pressures, including an inability to satisfy its contractual obligations to GE Fuel Cell Systems or any decision by General Electric to alter its commitment to GE Fuel Cell Systems
or its fuel cell technology in favor of other fuel cell technologies, to develop fuel cell systems targeted at different markets than Plug Powers or to focus on different energy product solutions could harm Plug Powers reputation and
potential earnings by depriving Plug Power of the benefits of GE Fuel Cell Systems sales and distribution network and service capabilities. 

Plug Powers distribution agreement with GE Fuel Cell Systems prohibits GE Fuel Cell Systems from selling or distributing proton exchange membrane fuel cell systems and related components
manufactured by parties other than Plug Power for so long as GE Fuel Cell Systems remains intact. In addition, GE Power Systems, the division of General Electric Company which controls the majority owner of GE Fuel Cell Systems (GE MicroGen, Inc.),
has agreed not to sell or distribute proton exchange membrane fuel cell systems and related components manufactured by parties other than Plug Power through any entity other than GE Fuel Cell Systems. However, GE Power Systems is not prohibited from
developing non-proton exchange membrane fuel cell systems and distributed energy systems that would compete directly or indirectly against the proton exchange membrane fuel cell systems Plug Power manufactures. While at the present time Plug Power
is not aware of any such current products, or plans or intentions to manufacture such products, by GE Power Systems, GE Power Systems may not provide Plug Power with information concerning such developments. The development of different energy
product solutions by GE Power Systems could harm Plug Powers reputation and potential earnings by providing potential customers with an alternative to Plug Powers proton exchange membrane fuel cell systems. 

Plug Power has not fully developed and produced the product that it has agreed to sell to GE Fuel Cell Systems.

Plug Powers initial product does not meet the specifications required by its current
agreement with GE Fuel Cell Systems. Economic and technical difficulties may prevent Plug Power from completing development of products meeting these specifications and delivering them on schedule to GE Fuel Cell Systems. 



Plug Powers distribution agreement with GE Fuel Cell Systems has been
amended on three occasions. The most recent amendment in August 2001, further amended the distribution agreement to extend its term through 2014 and to replace the product specifications, prices and delivery schedule in the current agreement with a
high-level, multi-generation product plan with subsequent modifications subject to mutual agreement. 

Plug
Power has not met in the past and may not meet in the future product development and commercialization milestones. 

Plug Power has established both internally and in its distribution agreement with GE Fuel Cell Systems product development and commercialization milestones and dates for achieving development goals related to technology and design
improvements. Plug Power uses these milestones to assess its progress toward developing commercially viable fuel cell systems. For example, 2000 was a milestone year for delivering to GE Fuel Cell Systems 485 units meeting pre-commercial
specifications set forth in Plug Powers agreement with them on a take-or-pay basis for a total of $10.3 million in revenue. During the second quarter of 2000, Plug Power determined that the specifications of the then current pre-commercial
units did not conform to the specifications originally agreed upon with GE Fuel Cell Systems and that it would not meet that milestone. Additionally, Plug Power set internal milestones of building 500 developmental and pre-commercial units in 2000,
having commercial units available in 2001 and achieving profitability by 2003. During 2000, Plug Power produced a total of only 113 systems, delayed availability of its initial product and announced that it would not be profitable for at least the
next several years. 

Delays in Plug Powers product development will likely have a material impact on
its commercialization schedule. 

If Plug Power does experience delays in meeting its development goals or
if its systems exhibit technical defects or if Plug Power is unable to meet cost or performance goals, including power output, useful life and reliability, its commercialization schedule will be delayed. In this event, potential purchasers of Plug
Powers initial commercial systems may choose alternative technologies and any delays could allow potential competitors to gain market advantages. Plug Power cannot assure you that it will successfully achieve its milestones in the future.

Plug Power depends on third parties for certain aspects of product development, manufacturing and the
development and supply of key components for its products. 

While Plug Power has entered into
relationships with suppliers of key components, it does not know when or whether it will secure supply relationships for all required components and subsystems for its fuel cell systems, or whether such relationships will be on terms that will allow
Plug Power to achieve its objectives. Plug Powers business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition could be harmed if it fails to secure relationships with entities which can develop or supply the required components for its
systems. Additionally, the agreements governing Plug Powers current relationships allow for termination by its supply partners under a number of circumstances. 

Plug Power will rely on its partners to develop and provide components for its fuel cell systems. 

A suppliers failure to develop and supply components in a timely manner, or to develop or supply components that meet Plug Powers quality, quantity or cost
requirements, or Plug Powers inability to obtain substitute sources of these components on a timely basis or on terms acceptable to Plug Power, could harm its ability to manufacture its fuel cell systems. In addition, to the extent that Plug
Powers supply partners use technology or manufacturing processes that are proprietary, Plug Power may be unable to obtain comparable components from alternative sources. 

In addition, platinum is a key material in Plug Powers proton exchange membrane fuel cells. Platinum is a scarce natural resource and Plug Power is dependent upon a
sufficient supply of this commodity. While Plug



Power does not anticipate significant near or long term shortages in the supply of platinum, such shortages could adversely affect its ability to produce commercially viable fuel cell systems or
significantly raise its cost of producing its fuel cell systems. 

Plug Power faces intense competition and
may be unable to compete successfully. 

The markets for electric power generators are intensely
competitive. There are a number of companies located in the United States, Canada and abroad that are developing proton exchange membrane fuel cells and other fuel cell technologies, such as phosphoric acid fuel cells, molten carbonate fuel cells,
solid oxide fuel cells and alkaline fuel cells. Some of Plug Powers competitors are much larger than it is and may have the manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities to complete research, development and commercialization of a
commercially viable fuel cell system more quickly and effectively than it can. 

There are many companies
engaged in all areas of traditional and alternative electric power generation in the United States, Canada and abroad, including, among others, major electric, oil, chemical, natural gas and specialized electronics firms, as well as universities,
research institutions and foreign government-sponsored companies. These firms are engaged in forms of power generation such as solar and wind power, reciprocating engines and microturbines, as well as grid-supplied electric power. Many of these
entities have substantially greater financial, research and development, manufacturing and marketing resources than Plug Power does. 

Changes in government regulations and electric utility industry restructuring may affect demand for Plug Powers fuel cell systems. 

The market for electric power generation products is heavily influenced by federal and state governmental regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry.
The loosening of current regulatory policies could deter further investment in the research and development of alternative energy sources, including fuel cells, and could result in a significant reduction in the demand for Plug Powers
products. Plug Power cannot predict how the deregulation and restructuring of the industry will affect the market for stationary fuel cell systems. 

Plug Powers business may become subject to future government regulation which may impact its ability to market its products. 

Plug Power does not believe that its products will be subject to existing federal and state regulations governing traditional electric utilities and other regulated
entities. Plug Power believes that its products and their installation will be subject to oversight and regulation at the local level in accordance with state and local ordinances relating to, among others, building codes, public safety and
electrical and gas pipeline connections. Such regulation may depend, in part, upon whether a fuel cell system is placed outside or inside a home or facility. At this time, Plug Power does not know what requirements, if any, each jurisdiction will
impose upon its products or their installation. Plug Power also does not know the extent to which any new regulations may impact its ability to distribute, install and service its products. In the future, federal, state or local government entities
or competitors may seek to impose regulations. Any new government regulation of Plug Powers products, whether at the federal, state or local level, including any regulations relating to installation and servicing of its products, may increase
its costs and the price of its systems. 

Utility companies could place barriers on Plug Powers entry
into the residential marketplace. 

Utility companies commonly charge fees to industrial customers for
disconnecting from the grid, for using less electricity or for having the capacity to use power from the grid for back-up purposes. Though these fees are not currently charged to residential users, it is possible that utility companies could in the
future charge similar fees to residential customers. The imposition of such fees could increase the cost to residential customers of using Plug Powers systems and could make its residential systems less desirable, thereby harming its revenue
and profitability. 



Several states, including Texas, New York and California, have created and
adopted or are in the process of creating or adopting their own interconnection regulations covering both technical and financial requirements for interconnection to utility grids. Depending on the complexities of the requirements, installation of
Plug Powers systems may become burdened with additional costs and have a negative impact on Plug Powers ability to sell systems. There is also a burden in having to track the requirements of individual states and design equipment
necessary to comply with the varying standards. Further, no universal standard has been adopted covering the connection of distributed generation devices to utility grids. 

Alternatives to Plug Powers technology could render its systems obsolete prior to commercialization. 

Plug Powers systems are one of a number of alternative energy products being developed as supplements to the electric power grid
that have potential residential, commercial and industrial applications, including microturbines, solar power, wind power and other types of fuel cell technologies. Improvements are also being made to the existing electric transmission system.
Technological advances in alternative energy products, improvements in the electric power grid or other fuel cell technologies may render Plug Powers systems obsolete prior to commercialization. 

The hydrocarbon fuels and other raw materials on which Plug Powers systems rely may not be readily available or available on a
cost-effective basis. 

The ability of Plug Powers systems to produce electric power depends largely
on the availability of natural gas and propane. If these fuels are not readily available, or if their prices are such that electric power produced by Plug Powers systems costs more than electric power provided through the grid, its systems
would be less attractive to potential users. 

Plug Powers fuel cell systems use flammable fuels which
are inherently dangerous substances. 

Plug Powers fuel cell systems use natural gas in a
catalytic reaction which produces less heat than a typical gas furnace. While Plug Powers fuel cell systems do not use this fuel in a combustion process, natural gas is a flammable fuel that could leak in a home or office and combust if
ignited by another source. Further, while Plug Power is not aware of any accidents involving its products, any such accidents involving Plug Powers products or other products using similar flammable fuels could materially suppress demand for,
or heighten regulatory scrutiny of, Plug Powers products. 

Product liability or defects could
negatively impact Plug Powers results of operations. 

Any liability for damages resulting from
malfunctions or design defects could be substantial and could materially adversely affect Plug Powers business and results of operations. In addition, a well-publicized actual or perceived problem could adversely affect the markets
perception of Plug Powers products resulting in a decline in demand for its products and could divert the attention of its management, which may materially adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 

Plug Power must lower the cost of its fuel cell systems and demonstrate its reliability. 

The fuel cell systems Plug Power develops currently cost significantly more than the cost of many established competing technologies. If
Plug Power is unable to produce fuel cell systems that are competitive with competing technologies in terms of price, reliability and longevity, consumers will be unlikely to buy products containing its fuel cell systems. The price of fuel cell
systems depends largely on material and manufacturing costs. Plug Power cannot guarantee that it will be able to lower these costs to the level where it will be able to produce a competitive product or that any product produced using lower cost
materials and manufacturing processes will not suffer from a reduction in performance, reliability and longevity. 



Failure of Plug Powers field tests could negatively impact demand for
its products. 

Plug Power is currently field testing a number of its systems and it plans to conduct
additional field tests in the future. Plug Power may encounter problems and delays during these field tests for a number of reasons, including the failure of its technology or the technology of third parties, as well as its failure to maintain and
service its systems properly. Many of these potential problems and delays are beyond Plug Powers control. Any problem or perceived problem with Plug Powers field tests could materially harm its reputation and impair market acceptance of,
and demand for, its products. 

Plug Power may be unable to raise additional capital to complete its product
development and commercialization plans. 

Plug Powers cash requirements depend on numerous factors,
including completion of its product development activities, ability to commercialize its fuel cell systems and market acceptance of its systems. Plug Power expects to devote substantial capital resources to continue development programs, establish a
manufacturing infrastructure and develop manufacturing processes. Plug Power believes that it will need to raise additional funds to achieve commercialization of its products. However, Plug Power does not know whether it will be able to secure
additional funding, or funding on acceptable terms, to pursue its commercialization plans. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities or additional acquisitions of entities with cash reserves such as H Power, the
percentage ownership of Plug Powers then current stockholders will be reduced. If adequate funds are not available to satisfy either short- or long-term capital requirements, Plug Power may be required to limit operations in a manner
inconsistent with its development and commercialization plans, which could affect operations in future periods. 

Plug Power will need to establish additional strategic relationships to complete its product development and commercialization plans. 

Plug Power believes that it will need to enter into additional strategic relationships in order to complete its current product development and commercialization plans on
schedule. In particular, Plug Power may require a partner to assist in developing commercially viable fuel cell systems that produce in the range of 25 to 100 kW of electric power. If Plug Power is unable to identify or enter into a satisfactory
agreement with potential partners, it may not be able to complete its product development and commercialization plans on schedule or at all. Plug Power may also need to scale back these plans in the absence of a partner, which would adversely affect
its future prospects. In addition, any arrangement with a strategic partner may require Plug Power to issue a material amount of equity securities to the partner or commit significant financial resources to fund its product development efforts in
exchange for their assistance or the contribution to Plug Power of intellectual property. Any such issuance of equity securities would reduce the percentage ownership of Plug Powers then current stockholders. 

Future acquisitions may disrupt Plug Powers business, distract its management and reduce the percentage ownership of Plug
Power stockholders. 

Plug Power may engage in acquisitions. Plug Power may not be able to identify
suitable acquisition candidates. If Plug Power does identify suitable candidates, it may not be able to acquire them on commercially acceptable terms or at all. If Plug Power acquires another company, it may not be able to successfully integrate the
acquired business into its existing business in a timely and non-disruptive manner. Plug Power may have to devote a significant amount of time and management and financial resources to do so. Even with this investment of management and financial
resources, an acquisition may not produce the desired revenues, earnings or business synergies. In addition, an acquisition may reduce the percentage ownership of Plug Powers then current stockholders. If Plug Power fails to integrate the
acquired business effectively or if key employees of that business leave, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition would be jeopardized. The time, capital and management and other resources spent on an acquisition that fails to meet Plug
Powers expectations could cause



its business and financial condition to be materially and adversely affected. In addition, from an accounting perspective, acquisitions can involve non-recurring charges and amortization of
significant amounts of intangible assets that could adversely affect Plug Powers results of operations. 

Plug Power may not be able to protect important intellectual property. 

Proton
exchange membrane fuel cell technology was first developed in the 1950s, and Plug Power does not believe that it can achieve a significant proprietary position in the basic technologies currently used in proton exchange membrane fuel cell systems.
Similarly, fuel processing technology has been practiced on a large scale in the petrochemical industry for decades. However, Plug Powers ability to compete effectively against other fuel cell companies will depend, in part, on its ability to
protect its proprietary technology, systems designs and manufacturing processes. Plug Power does not know whether any of its pending patent applications will issue or, in the case of patents issued or to be issued, that the claims allowed are or
will be sufficiently broad to protect its technology or processes. Even if all of Plug Powers patent applications are issued and are sufficiently broad, they may be challenged or invalidated. Plug Power could incur substantial costs in
prosecuting or defending patent infringement suits. While Plug Power has attempted to safeguard and maintain its proprietary rights, Plug Power does not know whether it has been or will be completely successful in doing so. Moreover, patent
applications filed in foreign countries may be subject to laws, rules and procedures that are substantially different from those of the United States, and any resulting foreign patents may be difficult and expensive to enforce. 

Plug Power may have difficulty managing change in its operations. 

Plug Power continues to undergo rapid change in the scope and breadth of its operations as it advances the development of its products.
Such rapid change is likely to place a significant strain on Plug Powers senior management team and other resources. Plug Power will be required to make significant investments in its engineering, logistics, financial and management
information systems and to motivate and effectively manage its employees. Plug Powers business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition could be harmed if it encounters difficulties in effectively managing the budgeting,
forecasting and other process control issues presented by such a rapid change. 

Plug Power faces risks
associated with its plans to market, distribute and service its products internationally. 

Plug Power
intends to market, distribute and service its proton exchange membrane fuel cell systems for stationary applications internationally through GE Fuel Cell Systems. Plug Power has limited experience developing, and no experience manufacturing its
products to comply with the commercial and legal requirements of international markets. Plug Powers success in international markets will depend, in part, on GE Fuel Cell Systems ability to secure relationships with foreign
sub-distributors and Plug Powers ability to manufacture products that meet foreign regulatory and commercial requirements. Additionally, Plug Powers planned international operations are subject to other inherent risks, including
potential difficulties in enforcing contractual obligations and intellectual property rights in foreign countries and fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

Further, Plug Powers competitors may independently develop or patent technologies or processes that are substantially equivalent or superior to Plug Powers. If
Plug Power is found to be infringing third party patents, Plug Power could be required to pay substantial royalties and/or damages, and Plug Power does not know whether it will be able to obtain licenses to use such patents on acceptable terms, if
at all. Failure to obtain needed licenses could delay or prevent the development, manufacture or sale of Plug Powers fuel cell systems, and could necessitate the expenditure of significant resources to develop or acquire non-infringing
intellectual property. 



Plug Power relies, in part, on contractual provisions to protect its trade
secrets and proprietary knowledge. 

Confidentiality agreements to which Plug Power is a party may be
breached, and Plug Power may not have adequate remedies for any breach. Plug Powers trade secrets may also be known without breach of such agreements or may be independently developed by competitors. Plug Powers inability to maintain the
proprietary nature of its technology and processes could allow its competitors to limit or eliminate any competitive advantages Plug Power may have and prevent it from being the first company to commercialize residential fuel cell systems.

Plug Powers government contracts could restrict its ability to effectively commercialize its
technology. 

Some of Plug Powers technology has been developed under government funding by the
United States and by other countries. In some cases, government agencies in the United States can require Plug Power to obtain or produce components for its systems from sources located in the United States rather than foreign countries. Plug
Powers contracts with government agencies are also subject to the risk of termination at the convenience of the contracting agency, potential disclosure of its confidential information to third parties and the exercise of march-in
rights by the government. March-in rights refer to the right of the United States government or government agency to exercise its non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable worldwide license to any technology developed under contracts funded by the
government if the contractor fails to continue to develop the technology. The implementation of restrictions on Plug Powers sourcing of components or the exercise of march-in rights could harm its business, prospects, results of operations or
financial condition. In addition, under the Freedom of Information Act, any documents that Plug Power has submitted to the government or to a contractor under a government funding arrangement are subject to public disclosure that could compromise
Plug Powers intellectual property rights unless such documents are exempted as trade secrets or as confidential information and treated accordingly by such government agencies. 

Plug Powers future plans could be harmed if it is unable to attract or retain key personnel. 

Plug Power has attracted a highly skilled management team and specialized workforce, including scientists, engineers, researchers, manufacturing and marketing
professionals. Plug Powers future success will depend, in part, on its ability to attract and retain qualified management and technical personnel. Plug Power does not know whether it will be successful in hiring or retaining qualified
personnel. Plug Powers inability to hire qualified personnel on a timely basis, or the departure of key employees, could materially and adversely affect its development and commercialization plans and, therefore, its business, prospects,
results of operations and financial condition. 

GE MicroGen and DTE Energy have representatives on Plug
Powers board of directors. 

Under Plug Powers agreement with GE MicroGen it is required to
use its best efforts to cause one individual nominated by GE Power Systems, an operating business of General Electric Company, to be elected to Plug Powers board of directors for as long as its distribution agreement with GE Fuel Cell Systems
remains in effect. GE MicroGen is the majority owner of GE Fuel Cell Systems, with Plug Power owning the remaining minority position. Currently, John G. Rice serves on Plug Powers board of directors as the GE Power Systems nominee to its
board. In addition, a current employee of DTE Energy, Anthony F. Earley, Jr., and a former employee of DTE Energy, Larry G. Garberding, currently serve on Plug Powers board of directors. Both GE Fuel Cell Systems and DTE Energy Technologies,
Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of DTE Energy, have entered into distribution agreements with Plug Power. 

Plug Power is subject to a securities class action litigation. 

In September 2000, a
shareholder class action complaint was filed in the federal district court for the Eastern District of New York alleging that Plug Power and various of its officers and directors violated certain federal securities laws by failing to disclose
certain information concerning Plug Powers products and future prospects.



The action was brought on behalf of a class of purchasers of Plug Powers stock who purchased the stock between February 14, 2000 and August 2, 2000. Subsequently, fourteen additional
complaints with similar allegations and class periods were filed. By order dated October 30, 2000, the court consolidated the complaints into one action, entitled Plug Power Inc. Securities Litigation, CV-00-5553(ERK)(RML). By order dated January
25, 2001, the Court appointed lead plaintiffs and lead plaintiffs counsel. Subsequently, the plaintiffs served a consolidated amended complaint. The consolidated amended complaint extends the class period to begin on October 29, 1999 and
alleges claims under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act of 1934. Subsequently, Plaintiffs withdrew their claims under the Securities Act of 1933. Plaintiffs allege that the
defendants made misleading statements and omissions regarding the state of development of our technology in a registration statement issued in connection with Plug Powers initial public offering and in subsequent press releases. Plug Power
served its motion to dismiss the claims in May 2001. Plug Power believes that the allegations in the consolidated amended complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. However, litigation is inherently uncertain
and there can be no assurances as to the ultimate outcome or effect of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail, such an outcome would have a material adverse effect on Plug Powers financial condition, results of operations and
liquidity. 

Provisions of Delaware law and of Plug Powers charter and by-laws may make a
takeover of Plug Power difficult. 

Provisions in Plug Powers certificate of incorporation
and by-laws and in the Delaware corporate law may make it difficult and expensive for a third party to pursue a tender offer, change in control or takeover attempt of Plug Power which is opposed by Plug Powers management and its board of
directors. For example, Plug Powers certificate of incorporation authorizes its board of directors to issue shares of Plug Power preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the designations, powers, preferences, rights, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions of such preferred stock. As a result of such provisions, Plug Power stockholders who might desire to participate in a tender offer, change in control or takeover attempt may not have an opportunity to do so. Plug Power
also has a staggered board of directors which makes it difficult for Plug Power stockholders to change the composition of the board of directors in any one year. These anti-takeover provision could substantially impede the ability of Plug Power
stockholders to benefit from a change in control or a change in the management of Plug Power or its board of directors. 

Plug Powers stock price has been and could remain volatile. 

The market
price of Plug Powers common stock has historically experienced and may continue to experience significant volatility. Since Plug Powers initial public offering in October 1999, the market price of its common stock has fluctuated from a
high of $156.50 per share in the first quarter of 2000, to a low of $4.51 per share through January 8, 2003 in the first quarter of 2003. Plug Powers progress in developing and commercializing its products, its quarterly operating results,
changes in general conditions in the economy or the financial markets and other developments affecting Plug Power or its competitors could cause the market price of its common stock to fluctuate substantially. In addition, in recent years, the stock
market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has affected the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance and may adversely affect the price of Plug
Powers common stock. In addition, Plug Power may be the subject of additional securities class action litigation as a result of volatility in the price of its stock, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of managements
attention and resources and could harm its stock price, business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Plug Powers failure to comply with Nasdaqs listing standards could result in its delisting by Nasdaq from the Nasdaq National Market and severely limit the ability to sell Plug Powers common stock.

Plug Powers common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq National Market. Under Nasdaqs
listing maintenance standards, if the closing bid price of Plug Powers common stock is under $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days, Nasdaq will notify Plug Power that it may be delisted from the Nasdaq National



Market. If the closing bid price of Plug Powers common stock does not thereafter regain compliance for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading days during the 90 days following notification by
Nasdaq, Nasdaq may delist Plug Powers common stock from trading on the Nasdaq National Market. There can be no assurance that Plug Powers common stock will remain eligible for trading on the Nasdaq National Market. In addition, if Plug
Powers common stock is delisted, Plug Powers stockholders would not be able to sell Plug Powers common stock on the Nasdaq National Market, and their ability to sell any of Plug Powers common stock would be severely, if not
completely, limited. 

Risks Related to H Power 

The following matters, among others, may have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations or prospects, financial or otherwise, of H Power, particularly if the stockholders of H Power do not vote to approve the merger agreement at the special meeting of
H Powers stockholders. 

In order to maximize the merger consideration to be received by its
stockholders, H Power is implementing a restructuring plan to reduce operating costs, which will negatively impact the operation of H Powers business if the merger is not consummated. 

Pursuant to the merger agreement, the merger consideration to be received by H Powers stockholders will be increased or
decreased depending on, among other things, the amount of cash and cash equivalents remaining in H Power prior to the effective date of the merger. See The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementConversion of H Power
Common Stock in the Merger beginning on page 79 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus for a discussion of the determination of the merger consideration. In this regard, H Power is enacting a restructuring plan to reduce the amount of cash
it expends, including without limitation: 



the termination of employment arrangements with certain employees; 



reductions in expenditures for research and development; 



the closing of the New Jersey facilities; and 



the termination of certain customer contracts. 

In the event the merger is not consummated, such actions will make it more difficult to continue the operation of H Powers business at the same level as it existed prior to the execution of the
merger agreement. Some of the difficulties H Power may encounter include, among other things: 



the inability to retain employees or hire new employees with similar qualifications on a timely basis; 



With regard to the closing of certain facilities, the inability of H Power to successfully transfer its fuel cell stack technology from the facility being
closed to another facility; 



delays in further development of H Powers residential fuel cell systems due to reductions in spending relating to research and development; and



delays in the timely production of its fuel cell products due to the suspension of field testing pursuant to certain customer contracts. 

If the merger is not consummated, these and other factors resulting from the implementation of the
restructuring plan may negatively affect H Powers business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 



H Power has agreed to terminate certain agreements with Energy
Co-Opportunity, Inc. as of the effective date of the merger, and H Powers relationship with Energy Co-Opportunity, Inc. may be negatively impacted if the merger is not consummated. 

On November 8, 2002, H Power entered into a termination agreement with Energy Co-Opportunity, Inc., or ECO, which, among other things, terminates all of H
Powers prior agreements with ECO as of the effective date of the merger. Prior to executing this termination agreement, H Power anticipated that a substantial portion of H Powers revenues over the next 2 to 3 years would be derived from
sales of H Powers fuel cell systems to ECO. H Power has been heavily dependent on ECO to effect the sale, distribution and servicing of H Powers products. In anticipation of the merger, ECO has discontinued its sales and marketing effort
relating to H Powers products. In the event the merger is not consummated, H Powers existing agreements with ECO would not be terminated. However, H Powers business relationship with ECO will be negatively affected or discontinued
due to the anticipated termination of H Powers ECO relationship. If the merger does not occur, H Powers entry into the termination agreement will have a detrimental effect on H Powers ability to generate revenues for sales of H
Powers fuel cell products, not only with regard to ECO but also with regard to the development of H Powers products for sales to other customers. See The Merger and Related TransactionsOther Material Agreements Relating to
the MergerECO Termination Agreement beginning on page 100 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

H Power may never successfully complete the research and development required to commercialize H Powers residential fuel cell systems. 

H Power is currently in the research and development stage of its residential co-generation fuel cell systems. H Power has shipped and installed to ECO and other customers
a limited number of alpha and beta fuel cell units for testing purposes. H Power must significantly decrease the costs of its fuel cell systems and improve their overall efficiency in order to begin viable commercialization of its residential fuel
cell products. In addition, improvements to H Powers residential fuel cell systems will be more difficult as H Power implements its restructuring plan, which among other things, will significantly reduce or eliminate spending relating to
research and development of its residential systems. H Power has not yet produced a commercially viable residential fuel cell system. H Power may not successfully complete its research and development program and accordingly H Power may never have
commercial sales of its residential co-generation fuel cell products. 

H Power has a history of losses
since its inception, H Power expects future losses and H Power may never achieve or sustain profitability. 

H Power has incurred net losses each year since H Powers inception in 1989 and had an accumulated loss of approximately $111 million through November 30, 2002. H Power expects to continue to incur net losses at least through H
Powers fiscal year 2007 and these losses may be substantial. To implement its business strategy, H Power will have to incur a high level of fixed operating expenses and will continue to incur considerable research and development expenses and
capital expenditures. Further, H Power expects the cost to produce its initial products will continue to be higher than their sales price. Accordingly, if H Power is unable to generate substantial revenues and positive cash flows, H Power will not
achieve profitability. Even if H Power does achieve profitability, it may not be able to sustain or increase its profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. H Powers ability to generate future revenues will depend on a number of factors,
many of which are beyond H Powers control. These factors include the rate of market acceptance of H Powers products, regulatory developments and general economic trends. Due to these factors, H Power cannot anticipate with any degree of
certainty what H Powers revenues, if any, will be in future periods. You have limited historical financial data and operating results with which to evaluate H Powers business and its prospects. As a result, you should consider H
Powers prospects in light of the early stage of H Powers business in a new and rapidly evolving market.



H Powers direct hydrogen products represent an emerging technology
which may give rise to problems regarding supply of component parts, commercial acceptance and government regulation. 

H Powers direct hydrogen products, such as the Emergency Power-AC, or EPAC, operating system, are fueled in part through compressed hydrogen cylinders. Distribution channels for hydrogen for some of H Powers intended
markets are in their infancy, which may make it difficult or expensive for H Powers customers to obtain hydrogen for use with H Powers products, thereby potentially affecting the marketability and profitability of H Powers direct
hydrogen products. Distribution of hydrogen cylinders is currently subject to specific regulation by the U.S. government. Should the government decide to impose changes in the regulations on the handling of compressed hydrogen cylinders, such
regulations may affect the cost or availability of such cylinders, which could affect the marketability and profitability of H Powers direct hydrogen products. Building codes and standards relating to the use of hydrogen may make it expensive
or impossible for H Powers customers to use hydrogen as a fuel in some of H Powers intended markets. As H Powers direct hydrogen products contain emerging technologies, there are currently few competitors with similar product
offerings and a commercial market has not yet been established. In addition, H Powers products use components which incorporate new technology, and it is possible that these components might be in short supply or may be discontinued by H
Powers current suppliers. 

H Power may not be able to develop the necessary technology to
introduce and market H Powers products in a timely fashion, if at all. 

H Powers product and
technology development efforts are subject to unanticipated and significant delays, expenses and technical or other problems, as well as the possible lack of funding to complete this development. H Powers success will depend upon H
Powers products and technologies meeting acceptable cost and performance criteria, and upon their timely introduction into the marketplace. None of H Powers proposed products and technologies may ever be successfully developed, and even
if developed, they may not actually perform as designed. Failure to develop or significant delays in the development of H Powers products and technology would have a material adverse effect on H Powers ability to both sell H Powers
products and to generate sufficient cash to achieve profitability. 

Failure of H Powers field tests
could negatively impact demand for H Powers products. 

Although H Power has suspended its field
test program, it is continuing to test a number of its products that were already in the field. Through January 2003, certain beta stage residential co-generation units were undergoing continued field tests. H Power has encountered and may continue
to encounter problems and delays during these field tests for a number of reasons, including the failure of its technology or the technology of third parties, as well as H Powers failure to maintain and service its prototypes properly.
Accordingly, any further delays, problems or perceived problems with H Powers field tests could materially harm H Powers reputation and impair market acceptance of, and demand for, H Powers products. 

Alternatives to H Powers technology could render H Powers products obsolete prior to initial commercial sales of H
Powers products. 

Proton exchange membrane fuel cells represent one of a variety of alternative
energy products being developed as a supplement to the electric grid that have potential residential, commercial and industrial applications. Other such products include solar power, wind power and other types of fuel cell technologies. Improvements
to the existing electric transmission system are also being implemented. Technological advances in alternative energy products or other fuel cell technologies and improvements in the electric grid may render H Powers fuel cell systems obsolete
prior to commercialization. 

H Power has no experience manufacturing fuel cells on a commercial basis.

While H Power has successfully produced prototype models of H Powers fuel cells, H Power has
focused primarily on research and development and has no experience manufacturing fuel cell systems on a commercial basis. In July 2001, H Power opened a 90,000 square foot manufacturing facility and H Power is continuing to



develop its manufacturing capabilities and processes. H Power does not know whether or when it will be able to develop efficient manufacturing capabilities and processes that will enable it to
meet the quality, price, engineering, design and production standards or production volumes required to successfully market its fuel cell systems at lower production costs. Even if H Power is successful in developing its manufacturing capabilities
and processes, H Power may not be able to meet its commercialization schedule or to satisfy the requirements of its distributors or customers. 

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF PLUG POWERS STOCKHOLDERS 

Plug Power is furnishing this
joint proxy statement/prospectus to all stockholders of record of Plug Power common stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Plug Power board of directors for use at the special meeting of Plug Power stockholders to be held on
             2003, and at any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. This joint proxy statement/prospectus also is being furnished by Plug Power to H Powers stockholders
as a prospectus for Plug Power common stock to be issued in connection with the merger. 

Date, Time and Place of Meeting 

The special meeting will be held at the Albany
Marriott, 189 Wolf Road, Albany, New York on 

, 2003, at 

 a.m., local time. 

Purpose of the Special Meeting 

At the special meeting, and any adjournment or
postponement thereof, Plug Power stockholders will be asked: 

1.

to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of common stock of Plug Power pursuant to the merger agreement; 

2.

to consider and vote upon a proposal to exchange options to purchase shares of common stock of Plug Power held by its employees for shares of restricted common
stock of Plug Power, in accordance with the terms and conditions described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus; and 

3.

to transact any other business that may properly come before the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. 

A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. Plug Power
stockholders are encouraged to read the merger agreement in its entirety and the other information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully before deciding how to vote. 

Record Date 

The Plug Power board of directors has fixed the close of business on,
February 7, 2003 as the record date for determination of Plug Power stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. 

Votes Required for Approval of the Issuance of Shares of Common Stock of Plug Power 

Although the approval of the stockholders of Plug Power is not required to effect the merger under Delaware general corporation law, Plug Powers organizational documents or any other regulatory or listing requirements
applicable to Plug Power, the board of directors of Plug Power has determined that the consummation of the merger shall be subject to the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Plug Power common stock present in person or by
proxy at the special meeting of Plug Power stockholders on such matter. Holders of Plug Power common stock will be entitled to cast one vote per share of Plug Power common stock owned as of February 7, 2003, the record date for the Plug Power
special meeting of stockholders at which the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement will be presented and voted upon. 



As of the close of business on the record date for the special meeting,
50,865,304 shares of Plug Power common stock were outstanding, and held by approximately 965 stockholders of record. 

As of the close of business on the record date for the special meeting, directors and executive officers of Plug Power (and their respective affiliates) collectively owned approximately 60.5% of the outstanding shares of Plug Power
common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting on the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement. This does not include 2,150,172 shares of Plug Power common stock issuable upon the exercise of presently
exercisable options which these directors and officers beneficially own. If all of these stock options had been exercised prior to the record date for the special meeting, the directors and executive officers of Plug Power (and their respective
affiliates) would collectively own approximately 62.1% of the outstanding shares of Plug Power common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. For a discussion of the vote required with respect to the proposal to approve the stock option
exchange see Additional Proposal to be Acted on by Plug Power Stockholders on page 117. 

Quorum, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 

A majority of shares of Plug Power
entitled to vote as of the record date, present in person or represented by proxy, constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business at the special meeting. Plug Power has appointed David Neumann, Plug Powers controller, to function as the
inspector of elections of the special meeting. The inspector of elections will ascertain whether a quorum is present, tabulate votes and determine the voting results on all matters presented to Plug Power stockholders at the special meeting. If less
than a quorum is present at the special meeting, the holders of Plug Power voting stock representing a majority of the voting power present at the special meeting or the inspector of elections may adjourn the meeting. Persons named on the proxies
will not use their discretionary authority to use proxies voting against the merger agreement to vote in favor of adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. At any subsequent reconvening of the special meeting, all proxies will be voted in
the same manner as the proxies would have been voted at the original convening of the special meeting, except for any proxies that have been effectively revoked or withdrawn prior to the subsequent reconvening of the special meeting. 

If you submit a proxy that indicates an abstention from voting on all matters presented at the special meeting, your
shares will be counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum at the special meeting, and will also be counted for the purpose of determining the number of shares present in person or by proxy. Consequently, your
abstention will have the same effect as voting against approval of the proposal to issue shares of common stock of Plug Power in connection with the merger. In addition, the failure of a Plug Power stockholder to return a proxy will have no effect
as to the approval of the proposal to issue shares of common stock of Plug Power in connection with the merger. 

Under the rules that govern brokers who have record ownership of shares that are held in street name for their clients who are the beneficial owners of the shares, brokers have discretion to vote these shares on routine
matters but not on non-routine matters. The approval of the issuance of shares of common stock of Plug Power in connection with the merger at the special meeting is not considered a routine matter. Accordingly, brokers will not have discretionary
voting authority to vote your shares at the special meeting. A broker non-vote occurs when brokers do not have discretionary voting authority and have not received instructions from the beneficial owners of the shares. At the special
meeting, broker non-votes will be counted for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum and will also be counted for the purpose of determining the number of shares present in person or by proxy. Accordingly, at the special meeting, broker
non-votes will have the same effect as voting against approval of the proposal to issue shares of common stock of Plug Power in connection with the merger. Consequently, 
Plug Power stockholders are urged to return the enclosed proxy card marked
to indicate their vote or to instruct their brokers on how to vote their shares held in street name. 
For a discussion of the impact of abstentions or broker non-votes with respect to the proposal to approve the stock option exchange, see
Additional Proposal to be Acted on by Plug Power Stockholders on page 117. 



Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses 

Plug Power will bear its own expenses in
connection with the solicitation of proxies for the special meeting, except that Plug Power and H Power will equally share all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the printing, filing and mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

In addition to solicitation by mail, directors, officers and employees of Plug Power may solicit proxies from
stockholders by telephone, facsimile, e-mail or in person. No additional compensation will be paid to these individuals for those services. Plug Power may retain outside agencies for the purpose of soliciting proxies, in which case Plug Power will
pay the fees and expenses of those agencies. Record holders such as brokerage houses, nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians will be requested to forward soliciting materials to beneficial owners and to request authority for the exercise of
proxies, and, upon the request of such record holders, they will be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses incurred in sending proxy materials to beneficial owners. 

Voting of Proxies at the Special Meeting and Revocation of Proxies 

Plug Power
requests that all holders of Plug Power common stock on the record date complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy card and promptly return it in the accompanying envelope or otherwise mail it to Plug Power. Brokers holding voting shares in
street name may vote the shares only if the beneficial owner provides instructions on how to vote. Brokers will provide directions to beneficial owners on how to instruct your broker to vote the shares. Please note, however, that if the
holder of record of your shares is your broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the special meeting, you must bring a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming that you are the beneficial owner of the shares. All
properly executed proxies that Plug Power receives prior to the vote at the special meeting, and that are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated on the proxy card. If no direction is indicated on such proxies, such
proxies will be voted in favor of the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement (except for broker non-votes, which are discussed above). (See Additional Proposal to be Acted Upon by Plug Power
Stockholders on page 117 for a discussion of the impact of providing no direction on proxies with respect to the proposal to approve the stock option exchange.) 

A Plug Power stockholder may revoke a previously submitted proxy at any time prior to its use by: 



delivering to the Secretary of Plug Power a later-dated signed notice of revocation; 



delivering to the Secretary of Plug Power a later-dated, signed proxy (which will automatically replace any earlier dated proxy card that you returned); or



attending the special meeting and voting in person. 

Attendance at the special meeting does not in itself constitute the revocation of a previously submitted proxy. 

If your shares are held in street name, your broker or nominee may permit you to vote by telephone or electronically. Please check your proxy card or contact your broker or nominee to
determine whether either of these methods of voting is available to you. 

No Appraisal Rights 

Holders of Plug Power common stock do not have dissenters
appraisal rights under Delaware law in connection with the merger or the stock option exchange. 

Other Matters to be Voted on 

Plug Power knows of no matters that will be presented for
consideration at the special meeting other than those stated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. However, if any other matters do properly come before the



special meeting, the proxy holders will vote proxies in accordance with their best judgment regarding such matters. 

Recommendation of Plug Powers Board of Directors 

The Plug Power board of
directors has unanimously determined that the merger including, without limitation, the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement, is advisable and in the best interests of Plug Powers stockholders.

Accordingly, the Plug Power board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger including, without limitation, the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement, and
recommends that its stockholders vote FOR approval of the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement.

The matters to be considered at the special meeting are of great importance to the stockholders of Plug Power. Accordingly, Plug Power stockholders are urged to read and carefully consider the
information presented in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and to complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. 

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF H POWERS STOCKHOLDERS 

H Power is furnishing this joint
proxy statement/prospectus to all stockholders of record of H Power common stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies by H Powers board of directors for use at the special meeting of H Power stockholders to be held on
             2003, and at any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. This joint proxy statement/prospectus also is being furnished by Plug Power to H Power stockholders as a
prospectus for Plug Power common stock to be issued in connection with the merger. 

Date, Time and Place of Meeting 

The special meeting will be held at
             on             , 2003, at              a.m., local time.

Purpose of the Special Meeting 

At the special meeting, and any adjournment or
postponement thereof, H Power stockholders will be asked: 

1.

to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt and approve the merger agreement and approve the merger; and 

2.

to transact any other business that may properly come before the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. 

A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. H Power
stockholders are encouraged to read the merger agreement in its entirety and the other information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully before deciding how to vote. 

Record Date 

The H Power board of directors has fixed the close of business on
February 7, 2003 as the record date for determination of H Power stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. 

Votes Required for Adoption and Approval of the Merger Agreement and Approval of the Merger 

As a condition to completion of the merger, the Delaware General Corporation Law and the merger agreement require that the holders of a majority of the voting shares of H Power as of the record date must vote



to adopt and approve the merger agreement and approve the merger. Each share of H Power common stock entitles the holder to one vote per share with respect to the merger agreement and the merger.
There are no other voting securities of H Power. 

As of the close of business on the record date for the
special meeting, 10,776,548 shares of H Power common stock were outstanding, and held by approximately 389 stockholders of record. 

As of the close of business on the record date for the special meeting, directors and executive officers of H Power (and their respective affiliates) collectively owned approximately 2.0% of the
outstanding shares of H Power common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting on the merger agreement and the merger. This does not include 305,126 shares of H Power common stock issuable upon the exercise of presently exercisable options which
these directors and officers beneficially own. If all of these stock options had been exercised prior to the record date for the special meeting, the directors and executive officers of H Power (and their respective affiliates) would collectively
own approximately 4.8% of the outstanding shares of H Power common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. 

Two executive officers and an affiliate of H Power have entered into voting agreements and delivered irrevocable proxies, pursuant to which they have agreed to vote their shares of H Power common stock in favor of adoption and
approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger, in favor of any matter that would be expected to facilitate the merger, and against any alternative proposals to the merger. At the close of business on the record date for the special
meeting, these officers and affiliates collectively owned approximately 10.7% of the outstanding shares of H Power common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. In addition, pursuant to a stockholders and voting agreement among H Power,
Lehman Brothers, Mr. Norman Rothstein and Mr. Frederick Entman and certain of their affiliates, who collectively own 11.1%, in the case of the Rothstein family, and 7.2%, in the case of the Entman family, of H Powers common stock, these
investors have granted to H Powers independent directors an irrevocable proxy for their shares, and such shares will be voted in the same proportion as those of H Powers stockholders generally for approval of the merger agreement and the
merger. 

Quorum, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 

A majority of all voting shares of H
Power issued and outstanding as of the record date, represented in person or by proxy, constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business at the special meeting. H Power will appoint an officer of American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, H
Powers transfer agent, to function as the inspector of elections of the special meeting. The inspector of elections will ascertain whether a quorum is present, tabulate votes and determine the voting results on all matters presented to H Power
stockholders at the special meeting. If a quorum is not obtained, or fewer voting shares of H Power are voted for the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the approval of the merger than a majority of the voting shares eligible to vote
at the special meeting in person or by proxy, the special meeting may be postponed or adjourned for the purpose of allowing additional time for obtaining additional proxies or votes. Persons named on the proxies will not use their discretionary
authority to use proxies voting against the merger agreement to vote in favor of adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. At any subsequent reconvening of the special meeting, all proxies will be voted in the same manner as the proxies
would have been voted at the original convening of the special meeting, except for any proxies that have been effectively revoked or withdrawn prior to the subsequent reconvening of the special meeting. 

If you submit a proxy that indicates an abstention from voting on all matters presented at the special meeting, your shares will be
counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum at the special meeting, but will not be voted on any matter presented at the special meeting. Consequently, your abstention will have the same effect as a vote against the
proposal to adopt and approve the merger agreement and to approve the merger. In addition, the failure of an H Power stockholder to return a proxy will have the effect of a vote against the proposal to adopt and approve the merger agreement and to
approve the merger. 

Under the rules that govern brokers who have record ownership of shares that are held in
street name for their clients who are the beneficial owners of the shares, brokers have discretion to vote these shares on routine



matters but not on non-routine matters. The adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the approval of the merger at the special meeting are not considered routine matters. Accordingly,
brokers will not have discretionary voting authority to vote your shares at the special meeting. A broker non-vote occurs when brokers do not have discretionary voting authority and have not received instructions from the beneficial
owners of the shares. At the special meeting, broker non-votes will be counted for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum but will not be counted for the purpose of determining the number of votes cast on the merger agreement and the
merger. Accordingly, at the special meeting, broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal to adopt and approve the merger agreement and to approve the merger. 
Consequently,
 H Power stockholders are urged to
return the enclosed proxy card marked to indicate their vote.

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses 

H Power will bear its own expenses in connection
with the solicitation of proxies for the special meeting, except that each of H Power and Plug Power will pay one-half of all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the printing, filing and mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

In addition to solicitation by mail, H Power may retain outside agencies for the purpose of soliciting proxies,
in which case H Power will pay the fees and expenses of those agencies. Record holders such as brokerage houses, nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians will be requested to forward soliciting materials to beneficial owners and to request
authority for the exercise of proxies, and, upon the request of such record holders, they will be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses incurred in sending proxy materials to beneficial owners. 

Voting of Proxies at the Special Meeting and Revocation of Proxies 

H Power requests
that all holders of H Power common stock on the record date complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy card and promptly return it in the accompanying envelope or otherwise mail it to H Power. Brokers holding voting shares in street
name may vote the shares only if the beneficial owner provides instructions on how to vote. Brokers will provide directions to beneficial owners on how to instruct your broker to vote the shares. Please note, however, that if the holder of
record of your shares is your broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the special meeting, you must bring a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming that you are the beneficial owner of the shares. All properly executed
proxies that H Power receives prior to the vote at the special meeting, and that are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated on the proxy card. If no direction is indicated on such proxies, such proxies will be voted
in favor of adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger (except for broker non-votes, which are discussed above). 

An H Power stockholder may revoke a previously submitted proxy at any time prior to its use by: 



delivering to the Secretary of H Power a later-dated signed notice of revocation; 



delivering to the Secretary of H Power a later-dated, signed proxy (which will automatically replace any earlier dated proxy card that you returned); or



attending the special meeting and voting in person. 

Attendance at the special meeting does not in itself constitute the revocation of a previously submitted proxy. 

If your shares are held in street name, your broker or nominee may permit you to vote by telephone or electronically. Please check your proxy card or contact your broker or nominee to
determine whether either of these methods of voting is available to you. 



No Appraisal Rights 

Holders of H Power common stock do not have dissenters
appraisal rights under Delaware law that would give them the right to obtain the payment of cash in exchange for their shares of H Power common stock as a result of the merger. 

Other Matters to be Voted On 

H Power knows of no matters that will be presented for
consideration at the special meeting other than those stated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. However, if any other matters do properly come before the special meeting, the proxy holders will vote proxies in accordance with their best
judgment regarding such matters. 

Recommendation of H Powers Board of Directors 

The H Power board of directors
has unanimously determined that the merger is advisable, in the best interests of H Power stockholders and on terms that are fair to the stockholders of H Power. 
Accordingly, the H Power board of directors has unanimously approved the merger
agreement and the merger and recommends that stockholders vote FOR adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger
. In considering such recommendation, H Power stockholders should be aware that some H Power directors and
officers have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, those of H Power stockholders. For more information about these interests, see the section entitled The Merger and Related TransactionsConsideration of the
Merger by H Powers Board of DirectorsInterests of H Powers Directors and Officers in the Merger beginning on page 70 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The matters to be considered at the special meeting are of great importance to the stockholders of H Power. Accordingly, H Power stockholders are urged to read and
carefully consider the information presented in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and to complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy in the enclosed postage-prepaid envelope. 

H Power stockholders should not send any stock certificates with their proxy cards. A transmittal form with instructions for the
surrender of H Power common stock certificates will be mailed to you promptly following completion of the merger. For more information regarding the procedures for exchanging H Power stock certificates for Plug Power stock certificates, see the
section entitled The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementExchange of H Power Stock Certificates For Plug Power Stock Certificates beginning on page 83 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

THE MERGER AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The following is a description of the material
aspects of the merger and related transactions, including the merger agreement and certain other agreements entered into in connection with the merger agreement. While we believe that the following description covers the material terms of the
merger, the merger agreement and the related transactions and agreements, the description may not contain all of the information that is important to you. You should carefully read this entire document and the other documents we refer to for a more
complete understanding of the merger and the related transactions. In particular, the following summary of the merger agreement, as amended, is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copy of the merger agreement attached
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A and incorporated by reference herein. You should read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety for a complete understanding of the terms of the merger and related transactions.

Background of the Merger 

Since H Powers initial public offering in August 2000,
H Powers board of directors has continually sought ways to enhance stockholder value, including encouraging management to seek additional strategic and financial partners relating to H Powers business. 



In November, 2001, H Power entered into discussions with Company A, a large
supplier of automotive systems, with respect to such company becoming the exclusive North American contract manufacturer of H Powers products. The parties discussed a potential business relationship, including an exchange of equity; the
transfer of certain technology and intellectual property for certain products of H Power; the potential sharing of technology; the transfer of certain employees; and the sale of certain assets to H Power of Company As distributed power
generation business. After numerous meetings and discussions, H Power determined that the total consideration which would be required to be paid by H Power to Company A was in excess of the value to be received, and, as a result, the parties decided
not to engage in any such transaction. 

In early December 2001, an executive director of a major
stockholder of Company B, a privately held fuel cell company, contacted William Zang, chief financial officer of H Power, to engage in general conversations regarding the fuel cell industry and H Powers business. 

Later in December 2001, representatives of Company B visited H Power to meet with Dr. H. Frank Gibbard, chief executive officer of H
Power, and Mr. Zang. At this meeting, H Power presented public background information on H Power to Company Bs representatives, and the parties indicated mutual interest in maintaining contact. 

During March, 2002, representatives of H Power met with representatives of Company B regarding the feasibility of a business combination
involving H Power and Company B. The parties discussed the nature of a potential combination, and further discussed their respective businesses and potential synergies between the companies. Dr. Gibbard and Mr. Zang made presentations to Company B
regarding the background of H Power, and representatives of Company B invited Mr. Zang to visit one of Company Bs facilities. 

On April 12, 2002, Mr. Zang toured one of Company Bs facilities and further discussed a potential business combination with representatives of Company B. 

On May 2, 2002, Dr. Gibbard and Mr. Zang met with representatives of Company B, including representatives of certain of its major stockholders, and Company Bs chief
executive officer. Dr. Gibbard and Mr. Zang presented public information regarding H Power and the chief executive officer presented public information regarding Company B. The parties discussed possible synergies in a combination of their
respective businesses. The parties agreed to proceed with high level due diligence reviews of each other, including visits to production facilities and limited exchanges of business information. For the remainder of May 2002, the parties continued
with their respective diligence reviews. 

In May and June 2002, a Canadian investment group initiated discussions
with H Power regarding a possible financial investment in H Power. The primary focus of this investment group is to invest in businesses with operations in Quebec, Canada. 

At the June 12, 2002, meeting of the H Power board of directors, the status of negotiations between H Power and Company B was presented to the board by management. The
board agreed that as a condition to any potential business combination, the stockholders of Company B would be required to make a substantial capital infusion into the combined entity. 

During the Fall of 2001 through Spring 2002, as part of their efforts to improve Plug Powers business and enhance stockholder value, Plug Powers management and
its board of directors periodically considered various strategic alternatives. In addition, as Plug Powers board and management began to focus on its future capital requirements, they investigated a variety of financial options, including
follow-on public securities offerings, shelf registration statements, private investment in public equity transactions and private placements. Eventually, at a special board meeting on June 25, 2002, Plug Powers board of directors
authorized the establishment of a special committee, consisting of Mr. Douglas Hickey, Mr. Larry Garberding and Gen. John Shalikashvili, that was delegated the authority to consider and evaluate mergers, acquisitions and other corporate



finance transactions involving Plug Power, to participate in the negotiation of the material terms and conditions of any such transaction, and to recommend to the Plug Power board of directors
the advisability of entering into a definitive agreement with respect to any such transaction. The selections of Mr. Hickey, Mr. Garberding and Gen. Shalikashvili were primarily based on the status of each as a non-employee director, as well as the
expectation that each would be disinterested in any such transaction to be considered and evaluated by Plug Power. 

On July 2, 2002, Dr. Gibbard called Dr. Roger Saillant, president and chief executive officer of Plug Power. While the parties had previously communicated from time to time regarding possible joint development opportunities, none of
such previous communications resulted in any material negotiations. Dr. Gibbard met with Dr. Saillant to inquire about Plug Powers willingness to consider a strategic partnership or business combination between H Power and Plug Power.

At the July 25, 2002 meeting of the H Power board of directors, Dr. Gibbard informed the H Power board of
directors that he had met with Dr. Saillant and that the parties would schedule initial meetings to explore the possibility of a strategic partnership or business combination. The board was also updated on the status of the Canadian investment group
proposal and the discussions with Company B, and H Powers strategies in the event funding initiatives were not successful. 

On July 25, 2002, Plug Power engaged Stephens Inc. to serve as its financial advisor in connection with its efforts to effect one or more strategic business combinations with potential acquisition candidates within the fuel cell
industry. 

On August 2, 2002, Dr. Saillant made a presentation to the Plug Power special committee, with W. Mark
Schmitz, Plug Powers vice president and chief financial officer, Ana-Maria Galeano, Plug Powers corporate secretary, Mr. Silvestri, Plug Powers chief operating officer, and a partner from Goodwin Procter LLP, Plug Powers
legal counsel, in attendance at the request of the committee, concerning the status of discussions with H Power. Dr. Saillant indicated that, at H Powers request, key executives of Plug Power had scheduled a meeting with their counterparts
from H Power at Plug Powers Latham, New York offices for August 5, 2002. 

On August 5, 2002, representatives
of H Power, including Dr. Gibbard, Mr. Zang, Dudley Wass, chief operating officer of H Power, Arthur Kaufman, chief technology officer of H Power and David Elkaim, vice president of operations and general manager of H Power Enterprises of Canada, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of H Power, and representatives of Lehman Brothers met with Dr. Saillant, Mr. Silvestri, Mark Sperry, Plug Powers vice president and chief marketing officer, and Dr. John Elter, Plug Powers vice president-research
and systems architecture, at Plug Powers executive offices in Latham, New York, to further discuss possibilities relating to a business combination between H Power and Plug Power and to further review Plug Powers business operations,
technology and intellectual property portfolio and facilities. 

On August 12, 2002, Mr. Silvestri made a
presentation to the Plug Power special committee, with Ms. Galeano, Dr. Saillant, Mr. Schmitz and David Neumann, Plug Powers controller, in attendance at the request of the special committee, summarizing the discussions that occurred on August
5, 2002 with H Power executives. Based on this report, the special committee authorized Plug Power management to pursue entering into a confidentiality agreement with H Power to be followed by a period of due diligence in which Plug Power would be
assisted by representatives of Stephens. On August 12, 2002, Plug Power and H Power entered into a confidentiality agreement. Beginning immediately thereafter and continuing through the remainder of summer 2002, each of Plug Power and H Power
conducted preliminary due diligence on the other company and preliminary due diligence materials were exchanged between the parties and their financial advisors. 

On August 14, 2002, the executive committee of the H Power board of directors met and approved the engagement of Lehman Brothers as H Powers financial advisor on an exclusive basis to render
financial advisory services concerning a strategic transaction with either Company B or Plug Power. H Power and Lehman Brothers executed an Engagement Letter on August 27, 2002. 



From August 19 through August 23, 2002, on-site business and technical due
diligence was conducted on H Power by Plug Powers representatives at H Powers New Jersey, North Carolina, and Montreal facilities. 

On August 22, 2002, Paul McNeill, H Powers vice president-marketing and sales, and Mr. Zang presented H Powers current business plan to Plug Power at a meeting in Lehman Brothers
offices in New York City. 

On August 29, 2002, Dr. Gibbard, Mr. Zang and the chief executive officer of
Company B made a joint presentation to H Powers executive committee and certain members of Company Bs board of directors regarding a potential business combination between H Power and Company B. 

Also on August 29, 2002, Mr. Schmitz made a presentation to the Plug Power special committee, with Ms. Galeano, Dr. Saillant, Mr.
Silvestri and representatives from Stephens in attendance at the request of the special committee, reporting upon the completion by management and Stephens of a preliminary due diligence review of H Power, and that H Power had likewise completed
their due diligence review of Plug Power. Based on the results of the Plug Power review, the special committee authorized Plug Power management to deliver a non-binding indication of interest to H Power proposing a stock-for-stock business
combination with a $42 to $50 million valuation range, and to propose that the parties immediately enter into an exclusivity agreement. 

On August 30, 2002, Plug Power delivered to H Power a written non-binding preliminary expression of interest from Plug Power with respect to a possible business combination setting forth a proposed all-stock purchase price
in the range of $42 million to $50 million. Also on that date, H Power disclosed in its proxy statement for its annual meeting of stockholders the engagement of Lehman Brothers as its investment bank with regard to certain strategic transactions.

On August 31, 2002, the management of H Power discussed the details of the expression of interest from Plug Power
with Howard Clark, a member of H Powers board and a vice chairman of Lehman Brothers. After consultation with Mr. Clark, it was determined that the offer did not present sufficient consideration to the stockholders of H Power. Mr. Clark then
advised Mr. Garberding, a chairman of Plug Powers special committee, that the proposal was inadequate, that H Power would not be making a counteroffer, and that no more management contact and technical due diligence exchange should take place.
Plug Power returned to H Power the preliminary due diligence materials provided to it. 

At the September 3, 2002
meeting of the H Power board of directors, the board reviewed the non-binding expression of interest received from Plug Power and was updated on the status of discussions with Company B and the Canadian investment group. Representatives of Lehman
Brothers advised the board that they found the valuation range offered by Plug Power to be inadequate. The H Power board of directors authorized management to continue considering the other merger and acquisition and financing opportunities and to
report back to the board on material developments. 

In early September 2002, discussions with Company B were
terminated when it was determined that the total consideration which would be received by H Power and its stockholders would not be sufficient. Although there was no firm offer provided to H Power at such time, H Power believed that the majority
ownership of the combined entity requested by Company B was excessive in relation to the assets being contributed by Company B to the combined entity and that H Power had received no indication that the shareholders of Company B were willing to
contribute $30 million, the amount which H Power deemed necessary to fund the combined company going forward. 

On September 15, 2002, Mr. Schmitz made a presentation to the Plug Power special committee, with Mr. Elter, Ms. Galeano, Dr. Saillant, Mr. Silvestri, Mr. Sperry, William Ernst, Plug Powers chief scientist, and representatives
of Stephens in attendance at the request of the special committee, as to the status of negotiations with H Power. Representatives of Stephens made a presentation regarding the potential transaction with H Power as well as other strategic options
that Plug Power might consider in the future so as to strengthen its balance sheet



and enhance its positioning for commercial success. At the conclusion of the meeting, the Plug Power special committee decided to recommend to the Plug Power board of directors to authorize a
non-binding offer to H Power with a valuation range of $50 million to $60 million in Plug Power common stock. 

On
September 17, 2002, at a special meeting of the Plug Power board of directors, Dr. Saillant updated the board as to the status of negotiations with H Power, managements view as to the benefits to Plug Power from a business combination
transaction with H Power, and the special committees authorization from September 15, 2002. Following discussion, the Plug Power board authorized management (1) to communicate to H Power a preliminary, non-binding offer for a business
combination with Plug Power with a valuation range of $50 to $60 million in Plug Power common stock, contingent upon H Power having an adequate net cash value at the close of the transaction and (2) to negotiate and enter into an exclusivity
agreement with H Power. 

At the September 18, 2002 meeting of the H Power board of directors, representatives of
Lehman Brothers reported that they continued to have conversations with Stephens, who told Lehman Brothers that they were reasonably confident that Plug Power was prepared to make an offer to merge with H Power for stock consideration in the $50 to
$60 million range, but that Plug Power was requesting that H Power enter into an exclusivity agreement with Plug Power during which more extensive due diligence would be carried out by the parties. The board was also updated on the status of
discussions with the Canadian investment group. The consensus of the board was to continue to evaluate the Plug Power proposal and to continue simultaneous discussions with Plug Power and the Canadian investment group. 

On September 20, 2002, representatives of H Power met with representatives of Plug Power at Lehman Brothers offices in New York
City. At this meeting, H Power and Plug Power agreed that they should enter into a mutual exclusivity agreement, based on Plug Powers proposed valuation range of $50 to $60 million, with the intent of proceeding towards definitive
documentation. 

On September 23, 2002, Plug Power and H Power entered into an exclusivity agreement, pursuant to
which H Power agreed not to solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage, participate in discussions with, provide any confidential information to, enter into any agreement with or otherwise cooperate in any way with any third party with respect to
competing transactions, including mergers, sales of all or substantially all assets, tender offers or sales of equity securities, except with respect to the possible investment of the Canadian investment fund and potential investments by currently
existing strategic partners or stockholders not exceeding $10 million per transaction and $20 million for all transactions. The exclusivity agreement originally remained in effect through the close of business on October 14, 2002 but was amended on
October 15, 2002 to remain in effect through October 31, 2002. 

During the period from September 23 through
November 5, 2002, members of H Powers management team, together with its accounting, financial and legal advisors, conducted business, financial, accounting and legal due diligence and participated in discussion with Plug Powers advisors
and management team on various issues. 

During the period from September 23 through October 15, 2002, members of
Plug Powers management team, representatives of Goodwin Procter LLP, Plug Powers legal counsel, and KPMG LLP, Plug Powers independent auditors, conducted business, financial, accounting, tax and legal due diligence and participated
in discussions with H Power, its legal counsel and management team on various issues. 

On September 30, 2002, Plug
Power and its counsel sent a draft merger agreement and voting agreement to H Power and its counsel with respect to the proposed transaction. The parties exchanged proposed revisions and revised drafts through November 11, 2002. 

On October 3, 2002, representatives of Plug Power and H Power met in New York City to discuss each partys direct hydrogen
strategy. 



At an October 8, 2002 meeting (continuing until October 9, 2002) of the Plug
Power board of directors in Detroit, Michigan, the board was updated by Stephens on the status, key transaction terms, and material outstanding issues with respect to the proposed transaction with H Power, including, without limitation, due
diligence and valuation matters. It was the consensus of the board that Plug Power management should continue its due diligence process on H Power and that Plug Powers advisors should continue transaction negotiations. 

At an October 9, 2002 meeting of the H Power board of directors, the board was updated on H Power managements strategic plan and
discussions with potential investors. Lehman Brothers updated the board on the status of indications of interest from Plug Power and the material outstanding issues on the Plug Power transaction. It was the consensus of the board that H Power should
continue its due diligence process on Plug Power. 

At the October 15, 2002 meeting of the H Power board of
directors, Dr. Saillant made a presentation to the board regarding the merits of a proposed transaction between H Power and Plug Power. 

On October 17, 2002, a representative of Lehman Brothers and Mr. Zang attended a meeting in Plug Powers offices in Latham, New York with representatives of GE Fuel Cell Systems (GEFCS) regarding
the status and outlook for the relationship between GEFCS, Plug Power and H Powers distribution partner, ECO Fuel Cells, LLC. 

In October, 2002, at the request of a senior managing member of a large Japanese company, Dr. Gibbard met with representatives of the company in Japan to discuss a potential investment in H Power by the company. These
discussions were initiated by the Japanese company. Dr. Gibbard presented certain public information to the company, and the parties agreed to engage in further discussions regarding this potential investment. 

At the October 21, 2002 meeting of the H Power board of directors, Dr. Gibbard presented H Powers 5 year operating plan and a
consultant to the board presented his comments to H Powers operating plan. 

On October 28 through 29, 2002,
representatives of H Power and Plug Power and their advisors met in the New York offices of Goodwin Procter to discuss the status of negotiations and the merger agreement and related documentation. On the evening of October 28, 2002, Plug
Powers special committee held a meeting at which Ms. Galeano, Dr. Saillant, Mr. Schmitz, Mr. Silvestri and representatives of Stephens and Goodwin Procter were in attendance at the special committees request. Dr. Saillant updated the
special committee as to the status of negotiations and the due diligence review. Following discussions, the special committee directed Stephens to deliver to Lehman Brothers a detailed written proposal for a strategic transaction with H Power
substantially as Stephens delivered the next day. At the conclusion of the meetings between the parties and their advisors on October 29, 2002, Stephens forwarded to Lehman Brothers a written proposal for a transaction valued at $53 million in Plug
Power common stock, based on H Powers net cash at closing of $41 million, subject to agreement upon a number of outstanding transaction issues. 

On October 29, 2002, H Power received a letter from the senior managing director of the large Japanese company seeking to obtain the rights to an exclusive license to sell H Powers products in
Japan, with a primary focus on H Powers 4.5 kilowatt residential co-generation unit, or RCU, product. The letter stated, among other things, that the managing director planned to recommend to his companys executive committee an
investment of $5 to $10 million in H Power. Upon approval of such executive committee, the proposal would be submitted to the companys full board of directors for approval. 

At an October 30, 2002 meeting of the H Power board of directors, the board was updated on the various strategic and financing alternatives being considered by H Power.
Representatives of Lehman Brothers reviewed with the board the status of discussions with Plug Power, including the exchange ratio and pricing mechanics. The board compared the merits and risks of managements business plan assuming H Power
remained independent with the merits and risks of the proposed transaction with Plug Power. 



On October 31, 2002, representatives of Plug Power, H Power, their respective
counsel and Lehman Brothers met with ECO. During the discussion, ECO proposed that its relationship with H Power be terminated upon the closing of the merger. The parties agreed to negotiate a termination agreement to provide that in consideration
for the termination of all prior agreements between H Power and ECO (if and when the proposed merger between H Power and Plug Power occurred), H Power and Plug Power agreed to make payments to ECO including all payments required pursuant to existing
agreements between H Power and ECO, plus a payment of $1.15 million in lieu of H Powers obligations under the fuel cell testing agreement and other obligations and a $1 million termination payment (with certain payment obligations of Plug
Power not due until and unless the proposed merger occurred). 

After several meetings and due diligence reviews
conducted by the Canadian investment group, H Power received a letter on November 4, 2002, consisting of a non-binding term sheet. The letter proposed a $10 million investment in H Power, contingent on, among other things, a simultaneous equivalent
investment in H Power from an additional strategic partner. The investment was conditioned on various other factors, including finalization of due diligence reviews and proportional representation on the H Power board of directors. 

On November 4, 2002, the H Power board of directors met to discuss the status of potential financing proposals,
managements business plan and the proposed merger transaction with Plug Power. At the meeting, H Power management presented its business plan providing for the continuation of H Power on a stand-alone basis if the transaction with Plug Power
were not consummated. The plan presented proposed cost reductions in technology and materials, projected sales and financial projections. H Power management also discussed with the H Power board the letters from the Canadian investment group and the
Japanese company relating to the provision of financing in the aggregate amount of $15 to $20 million. With respect to such letters, the board considered, among other things, the conditions and contingencies regarding such possible financings, the
lack of definitiveness of the financing proposals, the high risk strategy in remaining independent, the absence of a major corporate and strategic partner, the potentially high dilutive effects of a financing at H Powers present market
capitalization, and the risk of losing shareholder value in the event that a financing was unsuccessful. The H Power board then reviewed the status of the Plug Power transaction and discussed the progress of the due diligence reviews and
negotiations on the definitive agreement. Management and H Powers legal counsel respectively summarized business and legal due diligence. Representatives of Lehman Brothers made a presentation to the board regarding the proposed merger
consideration, key transactions points, and valuation analysis and stated that they would be prepared to issue an opinion that the exchange ratio is fair, from a financial point of view, to H Powers stockholders. It was the consensus of the
board that management should proceed to finalize the terms of the proposed transaction with Plug Power and report back to the board. 

Also on November 4, 2002, the Plug Power board of directors met to discuss the status of the negotiations with H Power. Plug Power management updated the board as to events since the previous board
meeting on October 8 and 9, 2002, including the process undertaken with respect to the conducting of mutual business, financial and legal due diligence of Plug Power and H Power, and negotiations of a definitive agreement. During the meeting,
representatives of Stephens reviewed the financial aspects of the proposed transaction and confirmed their ability, if negotiations progressed as expected, to be able to issue an opinion that the exchange ratio in the merger agreement is fair, from
a financial point of view, to Plug Power. Following this presentation and discussion, the board unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the issuance of Plug Power common stock in
the merger, subject to any necessary or appropriate changes approved by specified Plug Power officers prominently involved in the negotiations. 

On November 8, 2002, Dr. Gibbard received an unsolicited letter of intent dated November 7, 2002 from a private equity fund which was affiliated with a mortgage banking firm. The letter stated that
their interest in H Power was based primarily on H Powers current market capitalization to balance sheet equity ratio. The letter set forth their intention to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of H Power for a price of approximately
$3.41 per share in cash, totaling approximately $36.7 million, in a transaction which would have the support of



both H Power management and the board of directors. This offer of $3.41 per share compares to $4.70 in per share value to H Power stockholders to be received in the transaction with Plug Power as
of such date. The offer was subject to a due diligence investigation by both the fund and its financing sources, execution of a definitive merger agreement, approval of the respective boards of the fund and H Power, and other conditions. The letter
stated that the fund anticipated that the aggregate amount necessary to purchase all of the common stock of H Power would be comprised of working capital of the fund and financing from its lender. Dr. Gibbard, together with H Powers legal and
financial advisors, called representatives of the fund on November 8, 2002. They reviewed with the fund the background of the fund, the types of transactions in which the fund invested, the fact that the fund had never consummated an acquisition of
a public company, and the type and timing of the due diligence investigation they would undertake, including a review of scientific, accounting, legal, financial and contingent liability issues. The representatives of the fund indicated that they
believed their offer constituted a significant premium to H Powers market capitalization and would enable stockholders to achieve a liquidity event. 

On November 10, 2002, the H Power board of directors met to consider the final terms of the merger, as well as the letter of intent from the private equity fund. At the meeting, the board reviewed the
letter of intent, noting that it was subject to substantial due diligence risks, offered a lower price than the proposed transaction with Plug Power and was subject to execution risks, including financial conditions. It was the consensus of the
board that the transaction set forth in the letter of intent was not a viable alternative to the merger with Plug Power. Lehman Brothers then presented an update of its financial analyses and delivered and discussed its written fairness opinion
regarding the exchange ratio with respect to the merger. Counsel for H Power updated the board regarding the legal and regulatory aspects of the proposed transaction, reviewed the fiduciary obligations of the H Power directors and described the
terms of the merger agreement and related documents. The directors again discussed their views of the presentations and the transaction, including the potential advantages and risks associated with the merger. After discussion, the H Power board
unanimously determined that the merger was advisable, in the best interests of the H Power stockholders, and on terms that are fair to the stockholders. The board unanimously approved the merger and the merger agreement and recommended that
stockholders vote their shares in favor of adopting and approving the merger agreement and approving the merger, and further authorized the officers to execute and deliver the merger agreement to Plug Power. 

Between November 4, 2002 and November 11, 2002, Plug Powers management provided continual updates on the status of the negotiations
and definitive documentation to the Plug Power board of directors, and indicated that the terms of the merger agreement remained materially consistent to those discussed at the November 4, 2002 Plug Power board meeting. Stephens delivered to the
Plug Power board of directors its written fairness opinion, dated November 11, 2002, stating the exchange ratio in the merger agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Plug Power as of that date. 

After the close of business on November 11, 2002, the parties executed the merger agreement and certain voting agreements and issued a
joint press release announcing the transaction before the opening of business on November 12, 2002. 

Consideration of the Merger by H Powers Board of Directors 

H Powers
Reasons for the Merger 

H Powers board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and has determined that the merger agreement and the merger are in the best interests of H Powers stockholders. 

The following discussion of H Powers reasons for the merger contains a number of forward-looking statements that reflect the current views of H Power with respect to
future events that may have an effect on its future financial performance. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the
forward-looking statements.



Cautionary statements that identify important factors that could cause or contribute to differences in results and outcomes include those discussed or incorporated by reference in the section
entitled Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page 25 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on
page 27 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The decision by H Powers board of directors was
based on a number of potential benefits and material factors pertaining to the merger, including those set forth below: 

Merger Consideration
.    In addition to the analyses and presentations by H Powers financial advisor described in the section entitled Opinion of H Powers Financial Advisor
beginning on page 63 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the H Power board of directors looked at the exchange ratio represented by the proposed merger as of November 10, 2002, the date the merger agreement was approved, as representative of
the consideration to be offered to the holders of H Power common stock in the merger. The board considered: 



the fact that the proposed exchange ratio as of the last trading day prior to November 10, 2002 offered a premium of 106% to H Powers stockholders
relative to the then current stock price for H Power, 



that given the competitive nature of the hydrogen fuel cell industry and H Powers recent stock price performance, the exchange ratio gives H Powers
stockholders a value per share which may not be achievable within a reasonable time period; and 



that the merger was therefore an attractive opportunity for H Powers stockholders. 

H Powers board of directors also considered the ability of H Powers stockholders to continue to participate in the growth of
the combined company since the consideration to be received by H Powers stockholders consists of shares of Plug Power common stock. 

Advice from H Powers Financial Advisor
.    H Powers board of directors considered the detailed presentations made by Lehman Brothers, H Powers financial advisor, with respect to
the proposed exchange ratio to be offered to the holders of H Powers common stock in the merger. The H Power board of directors also considered Lehman Brothers written opinion, that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon and
subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth therein, the exchange ratio offered to the holders of H Power common stock in the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. 

Review of Prospects in Remaining Independent
.    H Powers board of directors considered H
Powers financial condition, results of operations and business and earnings prospects if it were to remain an independent entity, including the lack of a major corporate and strategic partner. The board also considered H Powers financing
prospects, including the lack of definitiveness of any financing proposal, the uncertainty of timing for the closing of any prospective financing transaction, the conditions and contingencies regarding a possible financing, and potential significant
dilution to stockholders, given H Powers market capitalization. It was the boards assessment that remaining independent was not reasonably likely to present superior opportunities or create greater value for H Powers stockholders
than the prospects presented by the merger. 

Certain Terms of the Merger Agreement Relating to Alternative
Transactions
.    In evaluating the adequacy of the consideration to be received, the H Power board of directors determined that the merger agreement did not preclude an unsolicited third party offer for H Power. In
particular, in connection with an acquisition proposal more favorable from a financial point of view than the merger, subject to restrictions and the potential payment of a termination fee discussed more fully in the section entitled The
Merger AgreementPayment of Termination Fee and Expenses beginning on page 96 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the merger agreement permits the H Power board of directors, if required by its fiduciary duties, to: 



provide information to, and engage in discussion or negotiations with, a third party that makes an unsolicited superior proposal (as defined in the merger
agreement); and 





withdraw or modify its recommendation that the stockholders vote in favor of adopting and approving the merger agreement and approving the merger. 

Limited Closing Conditions
.    The H Power board of directors considered the
increased likelihood that the merger agreement would be approved by H Powers stockholders in light of the limited nature of the closing conditions included in the merger agreement, and the significant premium offered to H Powers
stockholders by the exchange ratio. 

Realization of Liquidity.
    The H Power
board of directors further considered the recent relative lack of liquidity of H Powers common stock. The H Power board of directors believed that some of this lack of liquidity was due to the absence of material market analyst coverage and
relatively small market capitalization of H Power. By providing for the exchange of H Power common stock for Plug Power common stock, the merger would enable existing H Power stockholders to experience the advantages of a more liquid investment, as
Plug Power common stock has historically experienced higher average trading volumes than H Power common stock. 

Other Potential Benefits
.    In addition to the benefits discussed above, the board of directors identified a number of other potential benefits, including: 



increased visibility and market capitalization of the combined company; 



increased financial strength of the combined company; and 



greater intellectual property and technical resources of the combined company. 

The H Power board of directors also identified and considered a number of potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including, but not
limited to: 



the merger agreement permits Plug Power to terminate the agreement if the H Power board of directors withdraws its recommendation in favor of the merger with
Plug Power or recommends another proposal; 



the merger agreement requires H Power to pay a termination fee to Plug Power if the merger agreement is terminated under some circumstances (See The
Merger AgreementPayment of Termination Fee and Expenses on page 96); 



risks associated with fluctuations in Plug Powers stock price prior to the merger; 



the risk of disruption of sales momentum and H Powers operations as a result of uncertainties created by the announcement of the merger; 



the interests of the directors and officers that are different from, or in addition to, those of H Powers stockholders generally, including the receipt of
change of control payments under the employment agreements with certain executive officers of H Power; and 



other applicable risks described in the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled Risk Factors on page 27. 

The H Power board of directors noted that the voting agreements and the termination payment provisions
of the merger agreement could have the effect of discouraging alternative proposals for a business combination between H Power and a third party. However, the board of directors concluded that the amount of the fee that H Power may be obligated to
pay, and the circumstances under which it may be payable are typical for transactions of this size and type, are not likely to discourage any such proposals and were necessary to induce Plug Power to enter into the merger agreement. 

The H Power board of directors believed that the potential negative factors were not sufficient, individually or in the
aggregate, to outweigh the potential advantages. 



Other Factors Considered by H Powers Board of Directors

The H Power board of directors consulted with senior management and its financial and legal advisors and
considered a number of other factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including: 



the H Power board of directors familiarity with, and information provided by H Powers management as to, the business, financial condition, results
of operations, current business strategy and future prospects of H Power, as well as the risks involved in achieving those prospects and objectives in current industry and market conditions, the nature of the markets in which H Power operates, H
Powers position in such markets, and the historical and current market prices for H Powers shares; 



the information provided to the H Power board of directors by the officers of H Power and Lehman Brothers with respect to the financial aspects of the merger
and the advantages of a combination of Plug Power and H Power from the point of view of H Power and its stockholders; 



alternatives to the merger, as well as the risks, financial and otherwise, inherent in continuing as an independent public company in an industry that is
changing rapidly as opposed to the strengths of a combination between Plug Power and H Power; 



the process engaged in by H Powers management and financial advisor, which included discussions with another merger candidate and financing institutions,
enabled the H Power board of directors to have what it believed to be an accurate sense of the values that could be achieved in a third party transaction; 



H Powers need for financing, and the lack of definitive alternatives to the merger for available financing; 



the review of the material terms and conditions of the merger as reflected in the merger agreement, including (1) the provisions permitting H Power to respond
to unsolicited inquiries and proposals from, provide confidential information to, and participate in any discussions and negotiations with, third parties concerning sales of assets and mergers or similar transactions with H Power to the extent
required to satisfy the fiduciary obligations of its directors; (2) the break-up fee; (3) the collar; and (4) the conditions precedent to the consummation of the merger, including regulatory approval and the estimated length of time to consummate
the merger; 



the premium offered to H Powers stockholders relative to the current, historical and projected stock price for H Power, including the boards
conclusion that given the competitive nature of the fuel cell industry and H Powers recent stock price performance, the exchange ratio gives H Powers stockholders a value per share which may not be achievable within a reasonable time
period and that the merger was thus an attractive opportunity for the stockholders; 



the structure of the merger, which is intended to permit holders of H Power common stock to exchange all their shares of H Power common stock on a tax-free
basis; 



H Powers low market capitalization, which further decreases financing options, and the fact that a higher market capitalization will provide the combined
company with a wider array of financing options; and 



the strategic options available to H Power, including the option of continuing to operate H Power as an independent, publicly-traded company, and the assessment
of H Powers board of directors that none of these options were reasonably likely to present superior opportunities, or were reasonably likely to create greater value for H Powers stockholders, than the prospects presented by the merger.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by H Powers board of
directors, while not exhaustive, includes the material factors considered by the board of directors. In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger, H Powers board of directors did not find it
practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative or specific weight or values to any of these factors, and individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. 



Recommendation of H Powers Board of Directors 

The H Power board of directors has unanimously determined that the merger is advisable, in the best interests of H Power
stockholders and on terms that are fair to the H Power stockholders. 
Accordingly, the H

Power board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger and recommends that its stockholders vote FOR adoption and
approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

Opinion of H Powers Financial
Advisor 

On August 27, 2002, the H Power board of directors engaged Lehman Brothers Inc. to act as its
financial advisor with respect to pursuing a merger with Plug Power. On November 10, 2002, Lehman Brothers rendered its oral opinion (subsequently confirmed in writing on November 11, 2002) to the H Power board of directors that as of such date, and
based upon and subject to certain matters stated in its written opinion, from a financial point of view, the exchange ratio offered to H Powers stockholders in the merger was fair to H Powers stockholders. 

Although Lehman Brothers evaluated the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to be offered to H Powers
stockholders in the merger, the exchange ratio itself was determined through arms length negotiations between H Powers senior management and Plug Powers senior management with the assistance of their advisors. H Power did not
provide specific instructions to, or place any limitation on, Lehman Brothers with respect to the procedures to be followed or factors to be considered by Lehman Brothers in performing its analyses or providing its opinion. 

The full text of the Lehman Brothers written opinion, dated November 11, 2002 is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. H Power stockholders may read Lehman Brothers opinion for a discussion of the assumptions made, procedures followed, factors considered and limitations upon the review undertaken by Lehman Brothers in rendering its
opinion. The following is a summary of the material financial analyses presented by Lehman Brothers to the H Power board of directors on November 10, 2002 in connection with the rendering of its oral opinion on that date. 

Lehman Brothers advisory services and opinion were provided for the information and assistance of H Powers board of directors
in connection with its consideration of the merger. Lehman Brothers opinion is not intended to be and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of H Power as to how such stockholder should vote with respect to the merger
agreement or the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement. Lehman Brothers was not requested to opine as to, and its opinion does not address, (1) H Powers underlying business decision to proceed with or effect the merger or (2) the
relative merit of the merger in comparison to other alternatives for H Power (including the continued operation of H Power or the liquidation of H Power). 

In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers reviewed and analyzed the following material information: 



the merger agreement and the specific terms of the merger, including H Powers right to terminate the merger agreement in certain situations if the product
of (1) the anticipated number of shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued in the merger and (2) the reasonably anticipated average Plug Power common stock price is less than $29,675,000, the estimated net cash of H Power as of the closing of
the merger; 



publicly available information concerning H Power that Lehman Brothers believed to be relevant to its analysis, including H Powers Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2002 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2002; 



publicly available information concerning Plug Power that Lehman Brothers believed to be relevant to its analysis, including Plug Powers Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31 and June 30, 2002; 





financial and operating information with respect to the business, operations and prospects of H Power furnished to Lehman Brothers by management of H Power,
including financial projections of H Power on a stand-alone basis prepared by management of H Power; 



H Powers balance sheet, information with respect to H Powers anticipated capital and investment expenditures, the likelihood that H Power would be
able to meet its operating costs and capital requirements beyond October 2004, and the various capital market financing transactions that would be available to H Power on a stand-alone basis to fund its operations beyond October 2004; 



financial and operating information with respect to the business, operations and prospects of Plug Power furnished to Lehman Brothers by management of Plug
Power, including financial projections of Plug Power on a stand-alone basis prepared by management of Plug Power and financial projections of Plug Power after giving effect to the merger prepared by management of Plug Power and Plug Powers
representatives; 



the trading histories of H Powers common stock and Plug Powers common stock from October 2001 to November 8, 2002 and a comparison of these trading
histories with those of other companies in the fuel cell power source industry that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant; 



a comparison of the historical financial results and present financial condition of H Power with those of other companies in the fuel cell power source industry
that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant; 



a comparison of the historical financial results and present financial condition of Plug Power with those of other companies in the fuel cell power source
industry that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant; 



the strategic benefits expected by Plug Powers management and H Powers management to result from a combination of the businesses of H Power and Plug
Power; 



the relative financial contributions of H Power and Plug Power to the combined company following consummation of the merger; 



a possible liquidation of H Power, including the cash that would be distributed to H Powers stockholders in connection with such liquidation;



a comparison of the strategic and competitive positions of H Power and Plug Power with those of other companies in the fuel cell power source industry that
Lehman Brothers deemed relevant; and 



a comparison of the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms of certain other recent transactions that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant.

In addition, Lehman Brothers had discussions with the management of H Power and of Plug
Power concerning their respective businesses, operations, assets, financial condition and prospects. 

In
arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information used by Lehman Brothers without assuming any responsibility for independent verification of such information and
further relied upon the assurances of management of H Power and Plug Power that they were not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make such information inaccurate or misleading. With respect to the financial projections of H Power on a
stand-alone basis, upon advice of H Power, Lehman Brothers assumed that such projections had been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of H Power as to the future financial
performance of H Power on a stand-alone basis and that H Power would perform in accordance with such projections on a stand-alone basis. With respect to the financial projections of Plug Power on a stand-alone basis and after giving effect to the
merger, upon advice of Plug Power Lehman Brothers assumed that such projections had been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of Plug Power as to the future financial
performance of Plug Power on a stand-alone basis and after giving effect to the merger, respectively, and that Plug Power would perform, and that the combined company will perform, in accordance with such projections. In arriving at its opinion,
Lehman Brothers conducted only a limited physical inspection of the properties and facilities of H Power and of Plug Power and did not make or obtain any



evaluations or appraisals of the assets or liabilities of H Power or of Plug Power. In addition, Lehman Brothers was not authorized to solicit, and did not solicit, any indications of interest
from any third party with respect to the purchase of all or a part of H Powers business. Lehman Brothers opinion necessarily is based upon market, economic and other conditions as they existed on, and can be evaluated as of, the date of
its opinion. 

In addition, Lehman Brothers expressed no opinion as to the prices at which shares of Plug Power
common stock will trade at any time following the announcement of the merger or the consummation of the merger. Lehman Brothers opinion should not be viewed as providing any assurance that the market value of the shares of Plug Power common
stock to be held by the stockholders of H Power after the consummation of the merger will be in excess of the market value of the shares of H Power common stock owned by such stockholders at any time prior to the announcement or the consummation of
the merger. In addition, Lehman Brothers expressed no opinion as to the potential outcomes of the pending class action lawsuit against Plug Power in which the plaintiffs allege, among other things, that Plug Power violated certain federal securities
laws by failing to disclose certain information relating to its products and prospects. However, in arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers, with H Powers consent, assumed that such litigation will not have a material adverse effect on the
financial position, stockholders equity, results of operations, business or prospects of Plug Power. 

In
connection with rendering its opinion, Lehman Brothers performed certain financial, comparative and other analyses as described below. In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not ascribe a specific range of value to H Power or Plug Power,
but rather made its determination as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to H Power stockholders of the exchange ratio to be offered to such stockholders in the merger on the basis of financial and comparative analyses. The preparation
of a fairness opinion involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial and comparative analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances, and therefore, such an opinion is not
readily susceptible to summary description. Furthermore, in arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to the significance and
relevance of each analysis and factor. Accordingly, Lehman Brothers believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that considering any portion of such analyses and factors, without considering all analyses and factors as a whole,
could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion. In its analyses, Lehman Brothers made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many of
which are beyond the control of H Power and Plug Power. None of H Power, Plug Power, Lehman Brothers or any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different from those discussed. In addition, analyses relating to the
value of businesses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses actually may be sold. 

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses used by Lehman Brothers in connection with rendering its opinion to H Powers board of directors. Some of the summaries of the financial and comparative analyses
include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the methodologies used by Lehman Brothers and the results of its financial and comparative analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The
tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial and comparative analyses. Accordingly, the information presented in the tables and described below must be considered as a whole. Considering any portion of such analyses and of
the factors considered, without considering all analyses and factors as a whole, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying Lehman Brothers opinion. 

Stock Trading History 

Lehman
Brothers considered historical data with regard to the trading prices of H Power common stock and Plug Power common stock for the period from October 31, 2001 to November 8, 2002 and the relative stock price performances during this same period of H
Power, Plug Power, and a composite of power technology companies including: 



Plug Power; 



Ballard Power; 





Hydrogenics; 



Fuel Cell Energy; 



Proton Energy; and 



H Power. 

During this period, the closing stock price of H Power ranged from $1.75 to $22.15 per share, and the closing price of Plug Power ranged from $3.39 to $13.10 per share. 

Specifically, Lehman Brothers considered the downward trend during the period from October 21, 2001 to November 8, 2002 of the trading prices per share of H Power common
stock and the relative trend in the trading prices per share of Plug Power common stock and in the implied value of the power technology composite during the period considered. Lehman Brothers also considered the consistent decline in trading
volumes of H Power common stock and the relative trend in trading volume of Plug Power stock during that period. 

Lehman Brothers concluded that, based on the more pronounced relative decline in market value and trading liquidity of H Power common stock, and the resultant relative inability of H Power to access public equity financing to fund
operations, when compared to Plug Power common stock or to a composite of selected companies which are comparable to H Power, this analysis was supportive of its opinion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio to be offered to H Powers
stockholders in the merger. 

Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis 

Lehman Brothers also compared the historical per share prices of H Power and Plug Power during different periods during the 6-month period
prior to November 8, 2002 in order to determine the implied average exchange ratio that existed for those periods. The following table indicates the average exchange ratio of Plug Power common stock for H Power common stock during the previous
90-day period, the maximum and minimum exchange ratio based on daily closing prices for each stock during the previous 6 months, and the implied exchange ratio as of November 8, 2002. Lehman Brothers concluded that such analysis was supportive of
its opinion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio to be offered to H Powers stockholders in the merger. 

As of 11/08/02

6-Month Max.

6-Month Min.

90-Day

Implied Exchange Ratio Analysis:

Exchange Ratio

0.4014

0.9672

0.3390

0.6694

Implied H Power share of combined company

7.8

%

17.1

%

6.7

%

12.4

%

The exchange ratio to be affected by the merger is within the range
of .7270 to .8886 assuming no adjustment to net cash at the effective time of the merger as outlined in the merger agreement.

Comparable Company Analysis 

In order to assess how the public market values
shares of similar publicly traded companies, Lehman Brothers reviewed and compared specific financial and operating data relating to H Power and Plug Power with selected companies that Lehman Brothers deemed comparable to the companies. In selecting
comparable companies for both H Power and Plug Power, Lehman Brothers considered proton exchange membrane (PEM) and stationary application fuel cell companies, and in particular the bifurcation within the fuel cell industry between companies with
well-known strategic and distribution partners and those without. 

For H Power, Lehman Brothers included in its
review of comparable companies the following fuel cell companies: 



FuelCell Energy, Inc.
; and 



Proton Energy Systems, Inc. 



Using publicly available information, Lehman Brothers calculated for each of H
Power and the selected fuel cell comparable companies listed above, the ratio of equity market value to net cash balances. As of November 8, 2002, the last trading date prior to the delivery of Lehman Brothers opinion, the comparable companies
mean multiple of equity value to net cash ranged from 0.65x to 0.85x. 

Lehman Brothers also compared selected
financial data of Plug Power with similar data of selected companies engaged in businesses considered by Lehman Brothers to be comparable to that of Plug Power. Specifically, Lehman Brothers included in its review of comparable companies the
following fuel cell companies: 



Ballard Power Systems, Inc.; and 



Hydrogenics Corp. 

Again, using publicly available information, for each of Plug Power and the selected fuel cell comparable companies listed above, Lehman Brothers calculated the ratio of equity market value to net cash balances. As of November 8,
2002 , the comparable companies mean multiple of equity value to net cash ranged from 3.10x to 3.30x. 

The
relevant net cash multiples were applied to H Power and Plug Powers current net cash balances, respectively. This analysis yielded an implied exchange ratio in the range of 0.6447 to 0.8975. 

Because of the inherent differences between the businesses, operations, financial conditions and prospects of H Power and Plug Power
and the businesses, operations, financial conditions and prospects of the companies included in their comparable company groups, Lehman Brothers believed that it was inappropriate to rely solely on the quantitative results of the analysis, and
accordingly, also made qualitative judgments concerning differences between the financial and operating characteristics of H Power, Plug Power and the companies in their respective comparable company groups that would affect the public trading
values of H Power, Plug Power and the comparable companies. Lehman Brothers concluded that such analysis was supportive of its opinion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio to be offered to H Powers stockholders in the merger. For example,
Lehman Brothers considered the following material characteristics in making such qualitative judgments: 



Financial resources of material strategic stockholders. Lehman Brothers considered the financial resources of the material strategic stockholders/partners of
both Plug Power and H Power, as an indication of the strength of such stockholders/partners to provide distribution, operational, management and other support to Plug Power and H Power, respectively. 



Implied equity support for power technology companies with well-known strategic and financial partners. Lehman Brothers considered that power technology
companies with well-known strategic partners and investors, such as General Electrics partnership with Plug Power and General Motors partnership with Hydrogenics, traded at a significant premium to power technology companies, such as H
Power, without well-known strategic partners and investors as measured by firm value to revenues. 

Precedent Transaction Analysis 

Using publicly available information, Lehman Brothers
reviewed comparable technology transactions from January 1, 2001 to November 8, 2002 in which net cash as shown on the most recent balance sheet of the target company consisted of 100% or greater of the transaction value. Lehman Brothers undertook
the precedent transaction analysis in order to ascertain: 



the prevalence in the current market of whole-company acquisition transactions in which consideration paid is less than or approximately equal to the net
cash as shown on the acquisition targets most recent publicly available balance sheet; 



the premium of consideration paid in such transactions to pre-announcement trading prices of the targets publicly traded stock price; and 



the implied valuation multiples paid in such transactions. 



These transactions included: 



US RealTel Inc./Cypress CommunicationsJanuary 10, 2002 



Exelixis Inc./Genomica CorpNovember 19, 2002 



EM Holdings Inc./eMachines Inc.November 9, 2001 



Divine Inc./Eprise CorpSeptember 18, 2001 



Cross Media Marketing/Lifeminders Inc.July 19, 2001 



Kana Communications/Broadbase Software Inc.April 9, 2001 



AmericanGreetings.com/Egreetings Network Inc.February 5, 2001 



iVillage Inc.  Women.com NetworksFebruary 5, 2001 

Lehman Brothers calculated: 



the premium per share paid by the acquiror compared to the share price of the target company prevailing (1) one day and (2) 30 days prior to the announcement of
the transaction; 



the premium per share paid by the acquiror compared to net cash on the targets most recent publicly available balance sheet; and 



the transaction equity value paid by the acquiror compared to the one year fiscal year forward projected revenues of the target company. 

Lehman Brothers compared the premiums paid in the transactions described above to the premium to be paid by
Plug Power for H Power in the merger. The following table shows the mean and median 1-day and 30-day premiums, the premium to net cash as well as the ratio of transaction equity value to one year fiscal year forward projected revenues: 

1-Day

30-Day

Cash Value

Equity Value / Fwd Rev Multiple

Comparable Transaction Premium Analysis:

Merger (based on Plug Power base price at signing Nov. 11, 2002)

97.9

%

42.2

%

(3.7

)%

12.7x

Mean of selected transactions

57.5

%

89.8

%

(22.9

)%

1.7x

Median of selected transactions

43.9

%

89.0

%

(25.0

)%

1.8x

Lehman Brothers concluded that such analysis was supportive of its
opinion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio to be offered to H Powers stockholders in the merger. 

Equity Premium Analysis 

Lehman Brothers performed an analysis of the implied premium
represented by the merger, over current and historic equity trading levels, cash at closing, and net (post-liquidation) cash of H Power. Lehman Brothers concluded that such analysis was supportive of its opinion as to the fairness of the exchange
ratio to be offered to H Powers stockholders in the merger. 

Premium Analysis:

Stock Price

Implied Premium to Equity Value

Stock Price as of 11/08/02

$

2.28

%

5 Day Average Price

$

2.68

%

15 Day Average Price

$

2.34

%

30 Day Average Price

$

2.70

%

60 Day Average Price

$

3.51

%

90 Day Average Price

$

3.71

%



Cash

Implied Premium to H Power Cash Balance

Net (Post-Liquidation) Cash

$

30  M

%

Cash at Closing

$

37  M

%

In the table above, the net (post-liquidation) cash
balance represents H Power managements estimate of cash and cash equivalents that would remain if H Power were to cease operations immediately, satisfy all of its liabilities, and make any payments necessary for employee severance, facility
sublet or payments for termination of leases, and other expenses potentially incurred in the liquidation of the business. Cash at closing represents H Power managements estimate of cash and cash equivalents at the closing of the proposed
merger, without taking into consideration the payment of any employee severance, facility or other liquidation expenses. 

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis 

As part of its analysis, Lehman Brothers prepared a
discounted after-tax cash flow model that was based upon financial projections prepared by the management of H Power and Plug Power. Lehman Brothers compared the relative value represented by the two companies financial projections, although
neither company has sufficient capital to achieve positive cash flow. This analysis yielded an implied exchange ratio in the range of 0.1097 to 0.5392. It should be noted that all long-term industry forecasts are highly uncertain, and discount rates
used are correspondingly high. Lehman Brothers concluded that such analysis was supportive of its opinion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio to be offered to H Powers stockholders in the merger. 

Alternative Liquidation Analysis 

Lehman Brothers also performed a liquidation analysis in order to understand the residual cash that might be available to stockholders of H Power following a hypothetical liquidation of H Power. Lehman
Brothers estimated the residual value of H Power as defined to be the net remaining cash after liquidation of all H Powers assets and the extinguishment of all liabilities, and concluded that such analysis was supportive of its opinion as to
the fairness of the exchange ratio to be offered to H Powers stockholders in the merger. The forecasts that underlie this analysis are subject to substantial uncertainty, and therefore, actual results would likely be substantially different.

Calculation of Net Liquidation Value:

(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Cash and Cash Equivalents as of fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2002

$

52.7

Less: Cash burn through an assumed closing date of January 15, 2003

($

10.3

)

Estimated Cash through an assumed closing date of January 15, 2003

$

42.3

Plus: Liquidation Value of Assets.

$

2.3

Less: Liquidation Value of Liabilities

($

5.9

)

Less: Material Obligations / Contingent Liabilities

($

9.1

)

Estimated Net Liquidation Value

$

29.7

Estimated Net Liquidation Value Per Share

$

2.75

Value per share of H Power after giving effect to merger exchange ratio of .80

$

4.70

Lehman Brothers is an internationally recognized investment
banking firm and, as part of its investment banking activities, is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids, secondary distributions
of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. H Power selected Lehman Brothers because of its expertise, reputation and familiarity with H Power, Plug Power and the fuel cell



industry generally and because its investment banking professionals have substantial experience in transactions comparable to the merger. 

As compensation for its services in connection with the merger, H Power has agreed to pay Lehman Brothers a customary monthly retainer fee and a customary advisory fee
upon the consummation of the merger of $1.5 million less retainer fees paid prior to consummation of the merger.
 In addition, H Power has agreed to indemnify Lehman Brothers for certain liabilities that may arise out of the rendering of its
opinion. Lehman Brothers also has performed various investment banking services for H Power in the past (including acting as lead manager for the initial public offering of H Powers common stock in August 2000) and has received customary fees
for such services. During the two year period ended December 31, 2002, no fees were paid by H Power to Lehman Brothers except for those disclosed in the Form S-4 in association with the merger. In the ordinary course of its business, Lehman Brothers
may actively trade in the equity securities of H Power and Plug Power for its own account and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities. Howard L. Clark, Jr., currently a
member of H Powers board of directors, is a vice chairman of Lehman Brothers. 

Interests of H Powers Directors and Officers in the Merger 

In considering the
recommendation of H Powers board of directors with respect to approving the merger agreement and the merger, H Powers stockholders should be aware that some of the directors and executive officers of H Power have interests in the merger
and participate in arrangements that are different from, or are in addition to, those of H Power stockholders generally. The H Power board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them, among other matters, when it approved the
merger agreement and the merger. These interests include the following: 

Accelerated Vesting of Options

The vesting on 1,500 outstanding options held by each of 5 non-employee directors of H Power to purchase
H Power common stock will accelerate, which will cause those stock options to become fully vested and exercisable, immediately prior to the closing of the merger. The aggregate number of shares of H Power common stock issuable upon the exercise of
unvested options that are subject to acceleration as a result of the merger and that are held by directors as of November 11, 2002, the date the merger agreement was executed, is 7,500 shares. At January 6, 2003, all such options had an exercise
price that was less than the market price of the H Power common stock on that date. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, all options to purchase H Power common stock will be converted into options to purchase Plug Power common stock. For
further discussion about the treatment of H Power options in the merger, see the section entitled The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementTreatment of H Power Stock Options on page 84 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. 

Severance Agreements with H. Frank Gibbard and William Zang 

The Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2002, between H Power and Dr. H. Frank Gibbard,
a director and chief executive officer of H Power, provides that, among other things, (1) Dr. Gibbard must devote substantially all of his business time, ability and attention to H Powers business and affairs and he receives an annual base
salary of $240,000, (2) if Dr. Gibbard is terminated for reasons other than for cause, he may be entitled to receive benefits and payments of his salary through the end of his employment term and (3) if, within a year after a change in control, H
Power terminates Dr. Gibbard or assigns him duties materially inconsistent with his position, he may be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to two times his then annual base salary and incentive compensation, currently aggregating
approximately $480,000. Prior to the amendment of Dr. Gibbards agreement, such lump sum payment would have equaled one-half of his then annual base salary and incentive compensation, which would total approximately $120,000. 



Amendment No. 1 to Officers Employment Agreement, effective as of
August 1, 2002, between H Power and William Zang, a director and chief financial officer of H Power, provides that, among other things, (1) Mr. Zang must devote substantially all of his business time, ability and attention to H Powers business
and affairs and he receives an annual base salary of $190,000, (2) if Mr. Zang is terminated for reasons other than for cause, he may be entitled to receive benefits and payments of his salary through the end of his employment term and (3) if,
within a year after a change in control, H Power terminates Mr. Zang or assigns him duties materially inconsistent with his position, he may be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to one and one-half times his then annual base salary and
incentive compensation, currently aggregating approximately $292,000. Prior to the amendment of Mr. Zangs agreement, such lump sum payment would have equaled one-half of his then annual base salary and incentive compensation, which would total
approximately $97,300. In addition, Mr. Zang is entitled to receive an incentive bonus of $150,000 relating to incentives to reduce H Powers cash burn rate in order to maintain stockholder value. 

Arrangements with Other Executive Officers 

Amendment No. 1 to Officers Employment Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2002, between H Power and Dudley Wass, chief operating officer of H Power, provides that,
among other things, (1) Mr. Wass must devote substantially all of his business time, ability and attention to H Powers business and affairs and receives an annual base salary of $215,000, (2) if Mr. Wass is terminated for reasons other than
for cause, he may be entitled to receive benefits and payments of his salary through the end of his employment term and (3) if, within a year after a change in control, H Power terminates Mr. Wass or assigns him duties materially inconsistent with
his position, he may be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to one and one-half times his then annual base salary and incentive compensation,
 currently aggregating $315,000. Prior to the amendment of Mr. Wass agreement, such
lump sum payment would have equaled one-half of his then annual base salary and incentive compensation, which would total approximately $105,000. In addition, Mr. Wass is entitled to receive an incentive bonus of $50,000 relating to incentives to
reduce H Powers cash burn rate in order to maintain stockholder value. 

Amendment No. 1 to
Officers Employment Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2002, between H Power and Paul McNeill, vice president of business development, marketing and sales of H Power, provides that, among other things, (1) Mr. McNeill must devote
substantially all of his business time, ability and attention to H Powers business and affairs and he receives an annual base salary of $135,000, (2) if Mr. McNeill is terminated for reasons other than for cause, he may be entitled to receive
benefits and payments of his salary through the end of his employment term and (3) if, within a year after a change in control, H Power terminates Mr. McNeill or assigns him duties materially inconsistent with his position, he may be entitled to
receive a lump sum payment equal to one and one-half times his then annual base salary and incentive compensation, currently aggregating $195,000. Prior to the amendment of Mr. McNeills agreement, such lump sum payment would have equaled
one-half of his then annual base salary and incentive compensation, which would total approximately $65,000. 

Indemnification and Directors and Officers Insurance 

H Powers officers and directors
are entitled to continuing indemnification against liabilities for matters occurring prior to the merger (including matters arising as a result of the merger) by virtue of provisions contained in H Powers certificate of incorporation and
bylaws for a period of not less than 6 years from the effective time of the merger. The merger agreement also provides that prior to the completion of the merger, H Power may spend up to $750,000 to purchase an extended tail policy under
H Powers existing director and officer insurance policy to provide the currently covered directors and officers of H Power with liability insurance coverage for 6 years following the completion of the merger; or, should such amount be
insufficient for such coverage, to purchase a tail policy for such lesser period as may be purchased for such amount. Under the merger agreement, H Power may expend funds in excess of $750,000 if it determines that $750,000 is insufficient to obtain
the extended coverage for a 3 year period. 

Arrangements with Directors 

In connection with the merger, H Power and Plug Power entered into a termination agreement with ECO which provides for the termination of
H Powers prior agreements with ECO. The termination agreement further provides that the agreement will be effective as of the closing of the merger, and that at such time ECO will



receive the balance of payments owed to ECO under the termination agreement, including a $2,150,000 million termination payment. Robert L. Hance, a director of ECO, currently serves as ECOs
representative on H Powers board of directors. For a discussion of the termination agreement, see the section entitled Other Material Agreements Relating to the MergerECO Termination Agreement beginning on page 100 of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

H Power executed an engagement letter dated August 27, 2002 to retain
Lehman Brothers Inc. as its investment bank with regard to certain strategic transactions which H Power might pursue. Mr. Clark, a member of H Powers board of directors, is currently a vice-chairman of Lehman Brothers. 

Consideration of the Merger by Plug Powers Board of Directors 

Plug
Powers Reasons for the Merger 

Plug Powers board of directors has unanimously approved the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the issuance of Plug Power common stock in the merger, and has determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are in the best interests of Plug
Powers stockholders. 

The following discussion of Plug Powers reasons for the merger contains a
number of forward-looking statements that reflect the current views of Plug Power with respect to future events. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results
and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. Cautionary statements that identify important factors that could cause or contribute to differences in results and outcomes include those discussed or incorporated by reference in the section
entitled Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page 25 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on
page 27 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

The decision by Plug Powers board of directors was
based on several potential benefits of the merger that the Plug Power board of directors believes will contribute to the future success of the combined company. These potential benefits and material factors include: 



the opinion of Stephens Inc., Plug Powers financial advisor, to the effect that as of November 11, 2002, the exchange ratio set forth in the merger
agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Plug Power; 



H Powers cash reserves and Plug Powers belief that the addition of such cash to its own balance sheet would provide Plug Power with sufficient cash
to help fund operations; 



H Powers intellectual property rights, technical resources and other assets; 



the opportunity to preserve and enhance stockholder value by combining two complementary businesses; 



the belief that the merger represents the most favorable alternative currently available to Plug Power to increase its capital resources and further its
business objectives; 



the belief that, while no assurances can be given, the merger is likely to be completed because of the limited nature of the closing conditions included in the
merger agreement; 



the belief that the merger agreement will likely be approved by H Powers and Plug Powers stockholders based upon (1) the premium offered to H
Powers stockholders relative to the current and historical price of H Power common stock and (2) the potential benefits of the merger to Plug Power and its stockholders identified by the board of directors as described in this section of the
joint proxy statement/prospectus, including, in particular, the addition of H Powers cash reserves to help fund Plug Powers operations; 



the benefits contemplated in connection with the merger, in particular the influx of capital resources, are likely to be achieved within a reasonable time
frame; 





the belief that the combined company will be in a better position to continue to compete effectively in the fuel cell industry; 



the terms of the merger agreement, including the ability of Plug Power to terminate the agreement if the H Power board of directors withdraws its recommendation
in favor of the merger or approves or recommends any other acquisition proposal and the right to receive a $2,000,000 termination fee or to be reimbursed for Plug Powers out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the merger in the
event that Plug Power terminates the merger agreement under certain circumstances; 



the potential cost savings through the consolidation of businesses and the elimination of duplicative costs; and 



the access to H Powers portfolio of strategic partners and suppliers. 

The Plug Power board of directors also identified and considered a number of potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including the
following: 



the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized, in part or at all, including the risk that H Powers net cash at the effective time
of the merger may be less than at the signing of the merger agreement or the date of the special meeting of Plug Power stockholders; 



the risk that the merger may not be consummated, including the risks associated with obtaining the necessary approvals required to complete the merger,
notwithstanding the voting agreements obtained from stockholders representing beneficial ownership of approximately 10.7% of H Powers common stock as of January 6, 2003; 



the risk of management and employee disruption associated with the merger, including the risk that despite the efforts of the combined company, key technical,
marketing and management personnel might not remain employed by the combined company; 



the potential costs the combined company may incur to (1) terminate, renegotiate or amend H Powers existing obligations, including real estate and
facility leases, (2) streamline the combined companys business, (3) reduce excess capacity, including terminating employees and (4) eliminate redundant operations, including the consolidation of H Powers operations into Plug Powers
headquarters in Latham, N.Y.; 



the dilutive effect of the merger on Plug Powers existing stockholders; 



the risk that the merger could adversely affect Plug Powers relationship with some of its existing or potential customers, suppliers or strategic
partners; 



the potential negative effect on Plug Powers stock price as a result of the public announcement of the merger; 



the significant costs involved in consummating the merger; and 



other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus under Risk Factors. 

The Plug Power board of directors did not believe that the negative factors were sufficient, individually or in the aggregate, to outweigh
the potential benefits of the merger. 

Factors Considered by Plug Powers Board of Directors

Plug Powers board of directors consulted with senior management and its financial and legal
advisors and considered a number of factors, including the following, in evaluating the merger: 



the potential benefits and potential negative factors associated with the merger; 



information concerning H Powers business, financial performance and condition, particularly its cash position, operations, intellectual property,
technology and management; 





the timing of the financing provided by the merger; 



the relative inaccessibility and cost of other capital sources in the current economic environment; 



current financial market conditions and historical market prices, volatility and trading information with respect to Plug Power common stock and H Power common
stock; 



the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements; 



the potential impact of the merger on the customers, suppliers, strategic partners and employees of Plug Power and the combined company; 



Plug Powers managements view as to the integration of H Power; 



the results of the due diligence investigation conducted by Plug Powers management, accountants, financial advisors and legal counsel; 



the expected percentage ownership of the combined company by H Powers stockholders; 



the strategic and financial alternatives available to Plug Power; 



the maturation cycle with respect to the fuel cell market generally; 



advice of Plug Powers outside legal counsel, on the proposed terms of the merger agreement; and 



the analyses performed by Stephens, and its opinion (the full text of which is attached as Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus). 

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by Plug Powers board of directors,
while not exhaustive, includes the material factors considered by the board of directors. In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger, Plug Powers board of directors did not find it practicable
to, and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative or specific weight or values to any of these factors, and individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. 

Recommendation of Plug Powers Board of Directors 

The Plug Power board of
directors has unanimously determined that the merger including, without limitation, the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock is advisable and in the best interests of Plug Powers stockholders. 
Accordingly, the Plug Power board of
directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger and recommends that stockholders vote FOR approval of the issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement.

Opinion of Plug Powers Financial Advisor 

The Plug Power board of directors
engaged Stephens Inc. to provide a fairness opinion in connection with the proposed acquisition of H Power by Plug Power pursuant to the merger agreement. 

On November 4, 2002, Stephens presented its oral fairness opinion and certain of its analyses to the Plug Power board of directors. From this date until November 11, 2002, the date upon which the
merger agreement was executed, the material information and data upon which Stephens fairness opinion is based did not materially change. Stephens subsequently delivered its written opinion, dated November 11, 2002, to the Plug Power board of
directors to the effect that, as of such date and subject to the qualifications set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio, as defined in the merger agreement, was fair to Plug Power from a financial point of view. 

The full text of the written fairness opinion of Stephens, which sets forth the assumptions made, general procedures followed, factors
considered and limitations on the review undertaken by Stephens in rendering its opinion, is attached as Annex D and is incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. You should read this opinion in its entirety. 



Stephens has consented to the use of its fairness opinion in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Stephens provided the fairness opinion to the Plug Power board of directors for its information, and the fairness opinion is directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to Plug Power.
The fairness opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of Plug Power as to how that stockholder should vote on the merger. The summary of the fairness opinion set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of the fairness opinion. 

In connection with rendering its opinion,
Stephens performed the following, which include all of the material analyses performed by it: 

(1)

analyzed certain publicly available financial statements and reports regarding Plug Power and H Power; 

(2)

analyzed certain internal financial statements and other financial and operating data concerning Plug Power and H Power prepared by the management of each;

(3)

analyzed, on a pro forma basis, the effect of the merger on Plug Powers balance sheet, capitalization ratios, earnings and book value; 

(4)

reviewed and compared the reported prices and trading activity for the H Power shares and Plug Power shares, with that of certain other comparable
publicly-traded companies and their securities; 

(5)

analyzed the assets, liabilities and operations of H Power; 

(6)

reviewed, to the extent publicly available, certain comparable transactions; 

(7)

reviewed the merger agreement and related documents; 

(8)

discussed with the management of Plug Power the operations of, and future business prospects for, Plug Power and the anticipated financial consequences of the
merger to Plug Power, including the expected costs of integrating H Power into Plug Power and any expected synergies; 

(9)

assisted in Plug Powers deliberations regarding the material financial terms of the merger and Plug Powers negotiations with H Power; and

(10)

considered certain financial and strategic alternatives available to Plug Power. 

In preparing the fairness opinion, Stephens relied on the accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties of each party to
the merger agreement and other information and financial data provided to it by the parties, without independently verifying the same, and Stephens opinion is based, in part, upon such information. Stephens inquired into the reliability of
such information and financial data only to the limited extent necessary to provide a reasonable basis for its opinion, recognizing that it was rendering only an informed opinion and not an appraisal or certification of value. 

With respect to the financial projections prepared by management of each of Plug Power and H Power, including potential
synergies, Stephens assumed that they have been reasonably prepared and reflect the best currently available estimates and judgments of the future financial performance of each company. 

Stephens also assumed that in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or other consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the merger, no restrictions,
including any divestiture agreements or amendments or modification, would be imposed that would have a material adverse impact on the contemplated benefits of the merger. 

Stephens was not asked to consider, and the fairness opinion does not in any manner address, the price at which Plug Power common stock or H Power common stock would trade
following either the announcement or consummation of the merger. The fairness opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and other conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated on, and on the information made available to Stephens as
of, the date of the opinion. 



Summary of Analyses 

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses used by Stephens in connection with its fairness opinion. 

The summary does not purport to be a complete description of all analyses performed and factors considered by Stephens. The preparation of
a fairness opinion involves complex considerations and various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analyses and the application of these methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, an opinion is
not readily susceptible to summary description. Each of the analyses conducted by Stephens was carried out in order to provide a different perspective on the transaction and to add to the total mix of information available. Stephens did not form a
conclusion as to whether any individual analysis, considered in isolation, supported or failed to support an opinion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio from a financial point of view. Rather, in reaching its conclusion, Stephens relied upon
the results of the analyses taken as a whole and also on application of Stephens own experience and judgment. Accordingly, notwithstanding the separate factors summarized below, Stephens has indicated to the Plug Power board of directors that
it believes that consideration of some of the relevant analyses and factors, without considering all analyses and factors, could create an incomplete or inaccurate view of the evaluation process underlying the opinion. The analyses performed by
Stephens are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such analyses. Furthermore, as indicated below, the analyses focused, in part, on the value to Plug Power
of H Powers net cash and book value, among other assets, rather than discounted cash flow analysis or multiples of projected revenues and earnings, which Stephens deemed not as meaningful with respect to the contemplated merger. 

Publicly Traded Company Analysis 

Stephens analyzed the publicly available financial information of 7 selected publicly traded companies that Stephens believed to be appropriate for comparison to corresponding financial information and
operating data of H Power. These companies, referred to as the public comparables, were: 

   Ballard Power Systems, Inc.;

   Millennium Cell Inc.;

   Fuel Cell Energy, Inc.;

   Stuart Energy Systems Corporation; and

   Hydrogenics Corporation;

   Global Thermoelectric Inc.

   Proton Energy Systems, Inc.;

Stephens compared, among other things, the net cash ratio, computed
as the equity market capitalization divided by cash and cash equivalents less funded debt and capital lease obligations for the public comparables. Stephens also compared the book value ratio, computed as the equity market capitalization divided by
total stockholders equity. These ratios are presented in the following table: 

Public Comparable Multiples

Low

Median

High

Market Capitalization as a ratio of:

Net Cash

0.4x

1.1x

6.1x

Book Value

0.4

0.9

5.8

In light of this data and Stephens own experience and
judgment, Stephens derived a range of implied exchange ratios for the merger of: 



.58-.99 based on a ratio of market capitalization to net cash 



.79-1.19 based on a ratio of market capitalization to book value 



The exchange ratio for the merger was initially calculated as approximately .80
but may vary and shall not exceed approximately .89 nor be less than approximately .73, assuming no adjustment to net cash at the effective time of the merger as outlined in the merger agreement.

Precedent Transaction Analysis 

In light of the relevance of the increase in net cash that Plug Power may realize from the merger and the fact that there were no comparable transactions within the fuel cell industry, Stephens
analyzed the transaction value multiples paid or proposed to be paid in selected precedent transactions in which the targets net cash appeared to be a major component of the rationale for the transaction. These transactions, referred to as
transaction comparables were: 



Valueclick Inc. / Be Free Inc.  March 11, 2002 



MCSi Inc. / Zengine Inc.  October 5, 2001 



Divine Inc. / Eprise Corp.  September 18, 2001 



Cross Media Marketing Corp. / Lifeminders Inc.  July 19, 2001 



Verso Technologies Inc. / Telemate Net Software Inc.  May 7, 2001 



Kana Software Inc. / Broadbase Software Inc.  April 9, 2001 

Stephens compared, among other things, the net cash ratio, computed as the transaction value divided by cash and cash equivalents less funded debt and capital lease
obligations for the transaction comparables. Stephens also compared the book value ratio, computed as the transaction value divided by total stockholders equity. These ratios are presented in the following table: 

Transactions Comparable Multiples

Low

Median

High

Transaction Value as a ratio of:

Net Cash

0.7x

1.1x

1.4x

Book Value

0.6

1.0

1.6

In light of this data and Stephens own experience and
judgment, Stephens derived a range of implied exchange ratios for the merger of: 



74-.99 based on a ratio of transaction value to net cash 



69-1.19 based on a ratio of transaction value to book value 

The exchange ratio for the merger was initially calculated as approximately .80 but may vary and shall not exceed approximately .89 nor be less than approximately .73,
assuming no adjustment to net cash at the effective time of the merger as outlined in the merger agreement. 

Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis 

Stephens compared the 30, 45 and 60-day closing stock
price averages for Plug Power and H Power. Using these averages, Stephens derived implied exchange ratios for the 30, 45 and 60 day periods and then compared the implied exchange ratios to the estimated .80 exchange ratio contemplated in the merger
agreement. The results of this analysis are summarized in the table below. 

Implied Exchange Ratio

30 Day Average

45 Day Average

60 Day Average

Exchange Ratio

0.58

0.62

0.68

Estimated Exchange Ratio per Merger Agreement

0.80

0.80

0.80

Implied Premium Paid

38.4

%

29.2

%

17.4

%



Stephens concluded that the premium to be paid in the merger is within a range of
premiums paid in transactions of a like nature. 

Net Cash Analysis 

In light of Plug Powers objective to improve its capitalization position, Stephens made an assessment of the capital markets
environment as it might apply to Plug Power. Stephens, based partly on information provided to it by Plug Power, determined that, during the time period of the merger negotiations, such capital markets environment was extremely difficult and that it
was highly unpredictable for the foreseeable future. Therefore, Stephens also analyzed the net cash that Plug Power might expect to receive in a public equity transaction, if feasible, versus the net cash that Plug Power believes it will realize
from the merger after integration of H Powers operations, based on various assumptions. Stephens performed such analysis using various assumptions with respect to an estimated discount to the trading price of Plug Powers common stock, in
light of current capital markets conditions and with respect to the estimated value of H Powers non-cash assets. The results of such analysis indicated that one consequence of the merger is that it represents a comparable, if not superior,
method of enhancing Plug Powers capitalization, when compared to attempting to consummate a public equity transaction in the existing capital markets environment. 

Fees 

Pursuant to a letter
agreement between Plug Power and Stephens, Plug Power agreed to pay Stephens a fee of $350,000 in connection with the delivery of the fairness opinion. In addition, Stephens will receive a fee estimated to be approximately $400,000 for services
rendered in connection with the merger upon the closing of the merger. Stephens will also be reimbursed for its out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable fees and disbursements of outside counsel. In addition, Plug Power has agreed to indemnify
Stephens for liabilities related to or arising out of the engagement, including specified liabilities under the federal securities laws.

As part of Stephens investment banking business, it regularly issues fairness opinions and is continually engaged in the valuation of companies and their securities in connection with business
reorganizations, private placements, negotiated underwritings, mergers and acquisitions and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. Stephens also provides other investment banking services to Plug Power. Stephens has received fees from
Plug Power for those services during the past two years, all of which were provided during 2002, totaling $150,000. In the ordinary course of business, Stephens and its affiliates at any time may hold long or short positions, and may trade or
otherwise effect transactions as principal or for the accounts of customers, in debt or equity securities or options on securities of Plug Power. 

The Merger Agreement 

Structure of the Merger 

Under the terms of the merger agreement, Monmouth Acquisition Corp. will be merged with and into H Power, and H Power will survive the
merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Plug Power. 

Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger

Plug Power and H Power expect to complete the merger when all of the conditions to completion of the
merger contained in the merger agreement have been satisfied or waived. The merger will become effective upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at a subsequent date or time as specified in
the certificate of merger. Subject to receiving their respective stockholders approvals, H Power and Plug Power expect to file the certificate of merger shortly following the special meeting of H Power stockholders at which the merger
agreement and the merger will be considered and voted upon and the special meeting of Plug Power stockholders at which the issuance of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger will be considered and voted upon. 



Plug Power and H Power are working toward satisfying these conditions and
completing the merger as soon as practicable. Plug Power and H Power currently plan to complete the merger in the first quarter of 2003, following the special meetings of H Power stockholders and Plug Power stockholders assuming the H Power
stockholders approve the merger and the merger agreement, the Plug Power stockholders approve the issuance of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger and the other merger conditions are satisfied. Because the merger is subject to specified
conditions, some of which are beyond Plug Powers and H Powers control, the exact timing cannot be predicted.

Conversion of H Power Common Stock in the Merger 

The merger agreement provides that
each outstanding share of H Power common stock will be converted into the right to receive a fixed number of shares of common stock of Plug Power based on an exchange ratio calculated as follows: 

exchange  ratio  =

(the transaction value price  average Plug Power common stock price)  the total number of shares of H Power common stock outstanding immediately
prior to the effective time of the merger. 

For purposes of the merger agreement, the average
Plug Power common stock price will be computed from the daily volume weighted average price of Plug Power common stock based on trading between 9:30 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time as reported by Bloomberg Financial L.P. for 10 trading days selected
by lot out of the 20 trading days ending on and including the second trading day preceding the effective time of the merger. 

Collar Adjustment 

The exchange ratio is subject to change depending on two
adjustment mechanisms. First, the exchange ratio is restricted by a 10% collar from an assumed Plug Power common stock price of $5.88 per share, which provides that if the average Plug Power common stock price is: 



between $6.47 and $5.29 (or equal to such prices), there is no change to the exchange ratio as derived from the formula above; 



greater than $6.47, then the exchange ratio shall equal the exchange ratio that would be determined if the average Plug Power common stock price was $6.47; and



less than $5.29, then the exchange ratio shall equal the exchange ratio that would be determined if the average Plug Power common stock price was $5.29.

Since many of the variables necessary to determine the exchange ratio will not be
determined until shortly prior to the effective time of the merger, the precise exchange ratio will not be known until immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. The closing sale price of Plug Power common stock on January 8, 2003, the
trading day prior to the date of printing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, was $ 5.05 per share. Also, as of that date, there were 10,776,548 shares of H Power common stock outstanding. Accordingly, substituting the closing sale price of
Plug Power common stock on January 8, 2003 for the average Plug Power common stock price, and assuming the transaction value price is $50,675,000, there would result a hypothetical exchange ratio of approximately .89. However, as discussed below,
there is no assurance that the transaction value price will remain at $50,675,000. 



To illustrate how the collar provisions could impact the exchange ratio, assume
that the number of outstanding shares of H Power common stock and the transaction value price are as set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph. Accordingly, the exchange ratio would adjust as follows: 

Average Plug Power Common Stock Price

Exchange Ratio (number of shares of Plug Power

common stock to be exchanged for each share of H
Power common stock)

$4.50

0.889

$5.29

0.889

$5.88

0.800

$6.47

0.727

$7.00

0.727

Net Cash Adjustment 

The second mechanism that will impact the calculation of the exchange ratio is the determination of the transaction value price. For
purposes of the merger agreement, the transaction value price is initially set at $50,675,000, and is adjusted as follows: 



If net cash of H Power (as determined in accordance with the merger agreement as discussed below) is less than $36,675,000, the transaction value price is
adjusted to equal $50,675,000 minus the difference between $36,675,000 and the net cash; 



If net cash of H Power is equal to $36,675,000, the transaction value price remains $50,675,000; and 



If net cash of H Power is greater than $36,675,000, the transaction value price is adjusted to equal $50,675,000 plus the difference between net cash and
$36,675,000. 

For purposes of the merger agreement, net cash of H Power is defined as the total
amount, calculated as of the effective time of the merger, of: 



The sum of: 



cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of H Power; 



15% of the amount by which H Powers inventories exceed a value of $2,174,000 (up to a maximum addition of $30,000); 



$500,000, but only in the event Plug Power has received written confirmation of a specified payment of $500,000 in accordance with the ECO termination agreement
(see Other Material Agreements Relating to the MergerECO Termination Agreement); and 



the aggregate amounts, if any, of severance paid by H Power between November 11, 2002 through the effective time of the merger to specified employees (up to
certain maximum amounts per employee); 



less 
the sum of:



current liabilities, excluding any current liabilities addressed in any of the bullet points below;



amounts payable under the ECO termination agreement, other than specified payments aggregating $4,215,000;



the aggregate amounts of liabilities of H Power and its subsidiaries that were not liabilities both existing as of November 11, 2002 and identified in the
merger agreement, with certain specified exceptions for:

n

$180,000 in payment obligations under a specified consulting agreement;



n

specified severance obligations; and

n

specified lease obligations;



amounts payable pursuant to stay-bonus arrangements and specified management bonus arrangements, to the extent not accrued on the net cash statement (described
below);



amounts that H Powers accounts receivable (including unbilled receivables and tax credit receivable), net of allowance for doubtful accounts, are less
than $533,229 (up to a maximum amount of $293,000), excluding any accounts receivable with respect to Peugeot Citroen Automobiles S.A.;



$360,000, unless Plug Power receives correspondence from an authorized individual at Peugeot stating that an account receivable existing as of November 11, 2002
in the amount of approximately $360,000 is valid and not in dispute, and Peugeot fully intends to pay the entire amount of the receivable;



amounts that prepaid and other current assets are less than $1,191,359 (up to a maximum amount of $449,000);



$35,000 for each of up to four specific fuel cell units to the extent H Power has not fully terminated the applicable service, maintenance and warranty
obligations therefor;



15% of the amount by which the aggregate value of H Powers inventories is less than $2,174,000;



any amounts which may be paid by H Power or Plug Power for an extended reporting period endorsement to the H Power directors and officers liability insurance
coverage to the extent such amounts have not been paid by the effective time of the merger or resulted in an equivalent reduction in the total amount of cash and cash equivalents in the first bullet point above;



amounts of liabilities as of November 11, 2002 that also exist as of the date the net cash statement is delivered to Plug Power which are attributable to
binding obligations or commitments of H Power and its subsidiaries to purchase materials, components (including sub-systems) and replacement parts; and



$180,284, unless Plug Power receives correspondence from an authorized individual at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) stating that H
Power and its subsidiaries have no payment obligations to NIST.

For purposes of
illustration, the following chart demonstrates the effect that variations in net cash will have on the exchange ratio, assuming that the average Plug Power common stock price is $5.88 and the total number of shares of H Power common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger is 10,776,548: 

Net Cash

Transaction Value Price

Exchange Ratio

$38,675,000

$

52,675,000

.831

$36,675,000

$

50,675,000

.800

$34,675,000

$

48,675,000

.768

To aid in the parties determination of net cash, the
merger agreement requires that, at least 10 business days prior to the date of the meeting of Plug Powers stockholders at which the transactions addressed in the merger agreement are to be voted upon, H Power is to deliver a net cash statement
prepared with consultation of its outside advisors, as necessary. The net cash statement: 



is to be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied consistently with H Powers past practices (other than for
certain items that are specifically contemplated to be non-GAAP);





is to explain in reasonable detail the calculation of the anticipated net cash as of the effective time of the merger; and



is to include reasonable supporting documentation.

If Plug Power disagrees with the net cash amount on the net cash statement, it may deliver to H Power a written objection notice within 2 business days of delivery of the
net cash statement specifying the basis for its disagreement (together with any authority or documentation supporting its position) and Plug Powers determination of net cash. If no objection notice is received within such time, the net cash
statement and net cash so reflected shall be final. If an objection notice is timely delivered to H Power, and the parties can reach agreement, they will mutually prepare a revised net cash statement reflecting such resolution, which shall be final.
Alternatively, if no resolution can be reached through mutual agreement within two business days after receipt of the objection notice by H Power, the parties will submit the disagreement to an independent public accounting firm mutually agreeable
to both Plug Power and H Power. The parties will provide such accounting firm reasonable access to obtain necessary information in considering the respective positions of Plug Power and H Power, and the accounting firm will be permitted to review
all relevant records. The agreed-upon independent public accounting firm will be directed to render its determinations on the disagreement within 4 business days after submission, and its determination of the net cash statement (inclusive of the
amount of net cash) shall be final. 

Collar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment 

As it is anticipated that the adjustments to the exchange ratio due to the determination of net cash will vary independently
from the adjustments due to the collar provisions described above, the following chart is intended to illustrate the impact on the exchange ratio of simultaneous changes to these variables (assuming 10,776,548 shares of H Power common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger): 

Average Plug Power Common Stock Price

Net Cash

$4.50

$5.29

$5.88

$6.47

$7.00

$38,675,000

.924

.924

.831

.755

.755

$36,675,000

.889

.889

.800

.727

.727

$34,675,000

.854

.854

.768

.698

.698

In addition to the adjustments described above, additional
adjustments to the exchange ratio may be required if, upon satisfaction of certain conditions, H Power decides to deliver a termination notice, and Plug Power elects to issue additional shares of Plug Power common stock increase the total
consideration value to the minimum $29,675,000. For purposes of that adjustment, total consideration value is determined by multiplying: 



the anticipated number of shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued in the merger, and 



the reasonably anticipated average Plug Power common stock price. This is a distinct calculation from the determination of transaction value price. As described
above the transaction value price is a value, initially set at $50,675,000, and which is adjusted by the difference between the net cash of H Power and $36,675,000. 

For a more detailed description of these provisions of the merger agreement, see The Merger AgreementPayment of Termination Fees and Expenses
on page 96. 

The net cash amounts and the average Plug Power common stock prices in the foregoing
charts are for illustrative purposes and are not estimates of the actual net cash amount or average Plug Power common stock price, either of which could be materially higher or lower than those amounts and prices set forth above, and which may
result in materially different ratios than those illustrated. 



Possible Adjustments to the Merger Consideration For Extraordinary
Stock Events

The exchange ratio will be adjusted either upwards or downwards if either Plug Power
or H Power splits or combines its common stock, pays a dividend in its common stock or effects a similar event affecting its common stock before the completion of the merger. In these circumstances, the number of shares of Plug Power common stock
issued in the merger will be adjusted either upwards or downwards to appropriately reflect that split, combination, dividend or similar event. For example, if Plug Power were to conduct a 2-for-1 stock split prior to closing, H Power stockholders
would receive twice as many shares in the merger. 

Fractional Shares

No fractional shares of Plug Power common stock will be issued in connection with the merger. In lieu of a fraction of a share
of Plug Power common stock each holder of H Power common stock who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Plug Power common stock will receive an amount of cash, without interest, and rounded to the nearest cent, determined
by multiplying that fraction by the average Plug Power common stock price. 

Rights of Holders of H
Power Common Stock at the Effective Time of the Merger 

At the effective time of the merger, holders of H
Power common stock will cease to be, and will have no rights as, H Power stockholders, other than: 



the right to receive any dividend or other distribution, if any, with respect to H Power common stock with a record date occurring prior to the effective time
of the merger, and 



the right to receive the merger consideration. 

After the merger occurs, there will be no transfers on H Powers stock transfer books of any shares of its common stock. 

Exchange of H Power Stock Certificates for Plug Power Stock Certificates and Cash 

Promptly after the effective time of the merger, if you are the holder of an H Power stock certificate, American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the exchange agent for
the merger, will mail to you a letter of transmittal and instructions for surrendering your H Power stock certificates in exchange for Plug Power stock certificates, cash and dividends or other distributions, if any, to which you are or may be
entitled. When you deliver your H Power stock certificates to the exchange agent for the merger, along with a properly completed and executed letter of transmittal and any other required documents, you will receive Plug Power stock certificates
representing the number of full shares of Plug Power common stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares, to which you are entitled under the merger agreement. 
You should not submit your H Power stock certificates for exchange until you receive
instructions from the exchange agent for the merger.

You are not entitled to receive any dividends or other
distributions on Plug Power common stock until you have surrendered your H Power stock certificates in exchange for Plug Power stock certificates and the cash in lieu of fractional shares. Promptly after your Plug Power stock certificates are
issued, you will receive payment for any dividend or other distribution on Plug Power common stock with a record date after the merger and a payment date prior to the date you surrender your H Power stock certificates. 

Plug Power will only issue a Plug Power stock certificate in a name other than the exact name in which a surrendered H Power stock
certificate is registered if you present the exchange agent with all documents required to demonstrate and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership of the shares of H Power common stock formerly represented by the H Power stock certificate, and
demonstrate that you paid any applicable stock transfer taxes. 

If your stock certificate has been lost, stolen or
destroyed, you may be required to deliver an affidavit and a lost certificate bond as a condition to receiving your Plug Power stock certificate and cash in lieu of fractional shares. 



Treatment of H Power Stock Options 

At the effective time of the merger, each option to purchase shares of H Power common stock granted under H Powers stock option
plans and specified stock option awards which are outstanding and unexercised, whether or not vested and exercisable, will cease to represent a right to acquire shares of H Power common stock and be converted automatically into an option to purchase
shares of Plug Power common stock, and Plug Power will assume each H Power stock option, in accordance with the terms of the H Power stock option plan and the applicable stock option agreement, including, without limitation, all terms pertaining to
the acceleration of vesting, except that from and after the effective time of the merger: 



Plug Power and its board of directors shall be substituted for H Power and the H Power board of directors or duly authorized board committee administering the H
Power stock option plans; 



each H Power stock option assumed by Plug Power will be exercisable solely for shares of Plug Power common stock; 



the number of shares of Plug Power common stock subject to such H Power stock option will be equal to the number of shares of H Power common stock subject to
such H Power stock option immediately prior to the effective time of the merger multiplied by the exchange ratio, rounded down to the nearest share; 



the per share exercise price under each H Power stock option will be adjusted by dividing the per share exercise price under each such H Power stock option by
the exchange ratio, rounded up to the nearest cent. 

Pursuant to the merger agreement, Plug
Power has agreed to register under the Securities Act of 1933, or ensure that there is an applicable registration statement covering, the shares of Plug Power common stock issuable upon exercise of the stock options assumed pursuant to the merger
agreement, to the extent such shares are eligible for registration on Form S-8, as soon as practicable after the consummation of the merger.

H Powers Representations and Warranties

H Power has made a number of representations and warranties, subject in some cases to customary qualifications, to Plug Power in the merger agreement regarding aspects of its business, financial condition, structure and other facts
pertinent to the merger. The representations and warranties viewed by Plug Power as material include representations and warranties as to: 



the corporate organization, existence, good standing and qualification to do business of H Power and its subsidiaries; 



authorization of the merger agreement by H Power; 



consents and approvals required to complete the merger; 



H Powers cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments; 



litigation involving H Power and its subsidiaries; 



changes in H Powers and its subsidiaries business since May 31, 2002 and actions taken by H Power since May 31, 2002; 



H Powers and its subsidiaries liabilities; 



H Powers product and service warranty obligations; 



H Powers and its subsidiaries labor relations and employment matters; (+) 



H Powers and its subsidiaries material contracts; 



the nature of the accounts receivables of H Power and its subsidiaries; (+) 





H Powers and its subsidiaries accounting policies and management letters; (+) 



the nature of specified relationships with customers, distributors and suppliers of H Power and its subsidiaries; (+) 



product liability matters; (+) 



the absence of specified business practices and of illegal transactions in securities by H Powers directors and executive officers; (+) 



intellectual property matters pertaining to H Power and its subsidiaries; 



compliance with H Powers cash investment policy; (+) 



H Powers and its subsidiaries ability to satisfy certain standards to increase the likelihood that the merger will be treated as a
reorganization for federal income tax purposes; and 



the accuracy of the information supplied by H Power in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Those representations and warranties denoted by a (+) are viewed by Plug Power to be somewhat unusual or non-routine (or
to include specific detail that may be unusual or non-routine). In most instances, those representations and warranties were of heightened importance because the underlying subject matter directly or indirectly impacted the factors relevant for
calculating H Powers net cash (as described above). As for the representation concerning specified business practices and illegal transactions. Plug Power believed this was material in light of the recent heightened scrutiny by Congress, the
SEC and the public generally towards corporate and securities improprieties and the recent passage of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 this past summer. 

In addition, H Power made customary representations and warranties viewed by Plug Power during negotiations as less material relating to: 



compliance with applicable laws by H Power and its subsidiaries; 



permits required to conduct H Powers and its subsidiaries business and compliance with those permits; 



the certificates of incorporation and bylaws of H Power and its subsidiaries; 



H Powers capitalization; 



H Powers subsidiaries; 



H Powers filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 



H Powers consolidated financial statements; 



H Powers and its subsidiaries taxes; 



H Powers and its subsidiaries properties; 



environmental matters pertaining to H Power and its subsidiaries; 



H Powers and its affiliates employee benefit plans; 



payments required to be made by H Power and its subsidiaries to brokers and agents in connection with the merger; 



the fairness opinion received by H Power from Lehman Brothers; 



the vote of H Power stockholders required to approve the merger; 



the inapplicability of anti-takeover laws to the merger; 



H Powers and its subsidiaries insurance coverage; 





the fact that neither H Power nor its affiliates owns any Plug Power common stock; 



the absence of contracts with affiliates; and 



the approval of the merger, the merger agreement and the contemplated transactions by H Powers board of directors. 

However, breaches of these representations and warranties by H Power may be viewed by Plug Power to be material and could
result in termination of the merger agreement. For a more detailed description of the termination provisions of the merger agreement, see The Merger AgreementTermination of the Merger Agreement on page 94. 

Plug Powers Representations and Warranties

Plug Power and Monmouth Acquisition Corp. have made a number of customary representations and warranties, subject to customary
qualifications, to H Power in the merger agreement regarding aspects of Plug Powers business, financial condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the merger. These representations and warranties viewed by H Power as material include
representations and warranties as to: 



the corporate organization, existence, good standing and qualification to do business of Plug Power and its subsidiaries; 



authorization of the merger agreement by Plug Power and Monmouth Acquisition Corp.; 



Plug Powers and Monmouth Acquisition Corp.s capitalization; 



consents and approvals required to complete the merger; 



Plug Powers filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 



Plug Powers consolidated financial statements; 



litigation involving Plug Power; 



changes in Plug Powers and its subsidiaries business since December 31, 2001; 



intellectual property matters pertaining to Plug Power and its subsidiaries; 



Plug Powers and its subsidiaries material contracts; 



Plug Powers and its subsidiaries liabilities; 



approvals of the merger agreement and the contemplated transactions by Plug Powers board of directors; and 



the accuracy of the information supplied by Plug Power in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

None of the representations and warranties made by either party survive the effective time of the merger. The representations and
warranties contained in the merger agreement are complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read Articles 5 and 6 of the merger agreement entitled Representations and Warranties of the Company and
Representations and Warranties of Parent and MergerCo, respectively. 

These representations and
warranties were viewed by H Power as material primarily because they bear upon the nature and value of the securities being received by H Power stockholders in the merger, as well as providing assurance that Plug Power and Monmouth Acquisition Corp.
are taking necessary corporate actions on their parts to increase the likelihood of the merger occurring. H Power viewed none of these representations and warranties to be either unusual or non-routine. 



In addition, Plug Power and Monmouth Acquisition Corp. made customary
representations and warranties viewed by H Power during negotiations as less material relating to: 



compliance with applicable laws by Plug Power and its subsidiaries; 



permits required to conduct Plug Powers and its subsidiaries business and compliance with those permits; 



the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Plug Power and its subsidiaries; 



Plug Powers subsidiaries; 



Plug Powers and its subsidiaries taxes; 



environmental matters pertaining to Plug Power; 



Plug Powers labor relations; 



payments required to be made by Plug Power and its subsidiaries to brokers and agents in connection with the merger; 



the fact that neither Plug Power nor its affiliates owns any H Power common stock; and 



the fairness opinion received by Plug Power from Stephens. 

However, breaches of these representations and warranties by Plug Power or Monmouth Acquisition Corp. may be viewed by H Power to be material and could result in
termination of the merger agreement. For a more detailed description of the termination provisions of the merger agreement, see The Merger AgreementTermination of the Merger Agreement on page 94. 

H Powers Conduct of Business Before Completion of the Merger

Under the terms of the merger agreement, H Power agreed that, unless Plug Power otherwise consents in writing (which consent, to the
extent it pertains to any action, activity, event or occurrence that is consistent with long-term cash preservation, taking into account Plug Powers expectations of realizable cash following the integration of Plug Power and H Power, is not to
be unreasonably withheld), until the earlier of the completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement, H Power and its subsidiaries will, among other things, carry on their respective businesses in the usual, regular and ordinary
course, in compliance with their past practices. 

H Power has also agreed that, unless Plug Power otherwise
consents in writing (which consent, to the extent it pertains to any action, activity, event or occurrence that is consistent with long-term cash preservation, taking into account Plug Powers expectations of realizable cash following the
integration of Plug Power and H Power, is not to be unreasonably withheld), and except as provided below, until the earlier of the completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement, H Power will comply with specified restrictions
relating to the operation of its business, including restrictions relating to the following: 



splitting, combining, reclassifying, repurchasing, redeeming or otherwise acquiring any shares of its capital stock or other securities, except for dividends
paid by a subsidiary to H Power or another of its subsidiaries; 



issuing or selling any of its stock or any other securities or equity equivalents, other than outstanding options; 



making any equipment purchases or capital expenditures in excess of $10,000 in the aggregate; 



acquiring, selling, leasing, licensing, encumbering, transferring or disposing of any of its assets; 





entering into, modifying or amending any agreement related to the licensing of its intellectual property assets; 



incurring any indebtedness or making any loan or advance; 



paying, discharging or satisfying any claim, liability or obligation, outside the ordinary course, or in excess of $5,000 in the aggregate; 



changing its accounting policies; 



making any tax elections or settling any material tax liability in excess of $10,000; 



except with respect to stay bonus agreements approved by Plug Power, adopting or amending any employee benefit plan or any agreement between H Power or its
subsidiaries and their directors, officers or employees; 



increasing the compensation of any director, officer or employee; 



amending its organizational documents; 



authorizing a liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or reorganization; 



settling any pending or threatened litigation for an amount in excess of $15,000 in the aggregate; 



amending the term of any outstanding security; 



entering into, modifying, amending any existing or entering into any new material contract or otherwise subjecting H Power or its subsidiaries to any material
commitment, obligation or liability, or entering into any contract or agreement requiring H Power or any of its subsidiaries to pay in excess of $10,000; 



licensing, assigning or otherwise transferring any rights to its intellectual property assets; 



permitting any of its or its subsidiaries insurance policies to be canceled; 



entering into any agreement with any customer or distributor related to the offering of discounts, extended warranties, service contracts, bundling of any
products, rights of return or any other agreements or arrangements outside the ordinary course of business; 



amending or restating any of its Securities and Exchange Commission reports, except to the extent advised by H Powers legal or accounting advisors that
such action is required; 



taking any action which would make any of its representations and warranties untrue or incorrect; and 



agreeing to take any of the actions described above. 

The agreements relating to the conduct of H Powers business in the merger agreement are complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read Article 7 of the merger agreement
attached hereto as Annex A. 

Solicitations by H Power; Withdrawal of Recommendation by H Power Board
of Directors

Except as expressly permitted in connection with a superior proposal, until the
merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated, H Power has agreed not to, and not to authorize or permit any of its subsidiaries or any officer, director or employee or professional representative of H Power or its subsidiaries to:



solicit, initiate or encourage, including by way of furnishing non-public information, or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
proposal that constitutes an acquisition proposal; 



participate in any discussion with, or otherwise communicate in any way with, any person relating to any acquisition proposal; or 





enter into any agreement regarding an acquisition proposal. 

H Power has further agreed to cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities, negotiations or discussions with any persons related to such activities.

Any violation of any of the restrictions described in the preceding paragraphs by any officer or director or
employee of H Power or any of its subsidiaries, or any professional representative of H Power or any of its subsidiaries, is deemed to be a breach of the relevant restriction by H Power. No violation of these restrictions, however, will be deemed a
breach of the relevant restriction by H Power if an employee of H Power who is not an officer or a member of H Powers management, without authority, permission or direction from, or prior notice to, H Power or any of its officers or
directors, takes an action that violates the restrictions contained in either of the first two bullet points above, and such actions does not lead directly or indirectly, to the making of an acquisition proposal, which is, publicly announced or
otherwise communicated to the board of directors H Power (or such action does not lead to any person to have publicly announced, communicated or made known an intention, whether or not conditional, to make an acquisition proposal). 

Under the terms of the merger agreement, H Power has agreed to promptly advise Plug Power of any acquisition proposal or any
request or inquiry received by H Power with respect to or that could reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition proposal, including the terms and conditions of such request, acquisition proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the person
making any such request, acquisition proposal or inquiry and to provide to Plug Power any written materials received in connection with the request, acquisition proposal or inquiry. H Power has further agreed to keep Plug Power fully informed of the
status of such discussions including by promptly providing Plug Power with all related written materials. 

Furthermore, except as discussed below in connection with a superior proposal, H Powers board of directors is not permitted to: 



adversely withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, its approval or recommendation of the merger or the merger agreement; 



approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any other acquisition proposal; 



approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, or execute or enter into a letter of intent or agreement relating to an acquisition proposal; or



resolve to do any of the foregoing. 

For these purposes, an acquisition proposal is a proposed or actual: 



tender offer, merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving H Power; or 



sale, lease or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by merger, consolidation, share exchange or otherwise, of any material assets or securities of H
Power. 

H Power is expressly permitted, however, to furnish non-public information regarding H
Power and its subsidiaries to, and to enter into a confidentiality agreement with or participate in discussions or negotiations with, any person in response to an unsolicited superior proposal, if all of the following conditions are met:



the stockholders of H Power have not yet approved the merger agreement and the merger; 



the non-solicitation provisions described in this section have not been breached by H Power or its representatives; and 



the H Power board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that failing to take such action would constitute a
breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable law. 



Under the terms of the merger agreement, a superior proposal is an unsolicited,
bona fide written offer made by a third party to consummate an acquisition proposal, which acquisition proposal is likely to be consummated, and that: 



the H Power board of directors determines in good faith, after consulting with its outside legal counsel and its financial advisor, would, if consummated,
result in a transaction that is more favorable to the stockholders of H Power than the merger; and 



is for all of H Powers common stock. 

Under the terms of the merger agreement, the H Power board of directors is permitted to adversely withdraw or modify its recommendation in favor of the merger only if: 



a superior proposal is made and not withdrawn; 



neither H Power nor any of its representatives has breached the non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement described above; and 



the board of directors of H Power concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel that, in light of the superior proposal, the
withdrawal or modification of its recommendation is required in order for the H Power board of directors to comply with its fiduciary duties to H Powers stockholders under applicable law. 

H Power must give Plug Power at least 48 hours notice of the H Power board of directors intention to take such action, and provide
Plug Power with the opportunity to meet with H Power and its legal counsel and financial advisor. 

Regardless of
whether there has been a superior proposal, and regardless of whether the H Power board of directors withdraws or modifies its recommendation in favor of the merger, H Power is obligated, under the terms of the merger agreement, to hold and convene
the special meeting of H Power stockholders at which the merger agreement and the merger will be considered and voted upon and the directors, officers and other stockholders of H Power who signed voting agreements are obligated (in their capacities
as stockholders) to vote in favor of the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger at the special meeting. 

Under certain circumstances, including in the event that H Power accepts a superior proposal and terminates the merger agreement, it will be obligated to pay Plug Power a termination fee of $2,000,000. For a description of H
Powers right to terminate the merger agreement in these circumstances and this termination fee, see the sections of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled Termination of the Merger Agreement, Payment of
Termination Fee and Expenses and Article 9 of the merger agreement. 

H Power is not prohibited from taking
and disclosing to its stockholders a position in conjunction with Sections 14d-9 or 14e-2 of the Exchange Act related to a tender or exchange offer. 

Other Material Covenants 

Nasdaq Listing

In the merger agreement, Plug Power has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of its
common stock which are to be issued in the merger to be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market. It is a condition to the completion of the merger that these shares are in fact so approved for listing. 

Officers and Directors Indemnification 

After the merger is completed, Plug Power will preserve all rights to indemnification existing as of November 11, 2002, the date of the merger agreement, in favor of any director, officer, employee or
agent of H Power and its



subsidiaries for a period of at least 6 years following the merger. Prior to the completion of the merger, H Power will purchase an extended reporting period endorsement, with a premium of no
more than $750,000, to provide currently covered directors and officers with liability insurance coverage consistent with existing coverage for such individuals for 6 years following the merger for actions and omissions in such capacities prior to
the completion of the merger. In the event that, after using all reasonable best efforts, H Power determines that $750,000 is insufficient to obtain the above referenced coverage for a 3-year period, then H Power shall be permitted to spend in
excess of $750,000 to obtain such coverage for a 3-year period for the lowest obtainable premium costs. 

Access
to Information; Confidentiality 

Each of H Power and Plug Power has agreed to, and to cause each of its
subsidiaries and each of its and its subsidiaries officers, employees, representations and agents to, afford to the other party and the other partys officers, employees, representations and agents, complete access at all reasonable times
to such officers, employees, agents, properties, books, records and contracts, and shall furnish to the other party such other financial, operating and other data and information as the other party may reasonably request. Prior to the effective
time, H Power has agreed to hold in confidence all such information. 

Notification of Specified Event

Each of Plug Power and H Power has agreed that it will promptly advise the other party of: 



any change or event which it believes could reasonably be expected to cause any of its representations or warranties contained in the merger agreement to be
untrue in any material respect; and 



any material failure of such party to comply with any covenant under the merger agreement. 

Publicity 

Plug Power and H Power have agreed to consult with each other before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statements with respect to the merger or any acquisition proposal and to not issue any press release or
make any public statement generally without the prior consent of the other party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

Delisting 

Each of H Power and Plug Power has agreed to cooperate with each other
in taking, or causing to be taken, all actions necessary to delist H Powers common stock from the Nasdaq National Market after the completion of the merger. 

Additional Agreements and Regulatory Filings 

Each of Plug Power and H Power has agreed to use their best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective as promptly as
practicable the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to cooperate with each other in doing such things, including: 



taking all actions necessary to obtain any necessary consents, approvals, orders, exemptions and authorizations by or from any public or private third party,
including any that are required to be obtained under any federal, state or local law or regulation or any contract, agreement or instrument to which H Power or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of their properties or assets are
bound; 



to defend all lawsuits or other legal proceedings challenging the merger agreement or the consummation of the merger; 





to cause to be lifted or rescinded any injunction or restraining order or other order adversely affecting the ability of the parties to consummate the
transactions contemplated in the merger agreement; and 



to effect all necessary registrations and filings and submissions of information requested by governmental authorities. 

For these purposes the obligations to use best efforts to obtain waivers, consents and approvals to loan documents,
leases and other contracts do not include any obligation to agree to an adverse modification of the terms of those agreements or to prepay or incur additional obligations to any other parties, nor are the parties required to include any obligation
to divest themselves of any of their respective assets. 

Employee Benefit Arrangements 

H Power has agreed, unless otherwise directed in writing by Plug Power at least 5 days prior to the effective time of the
merger, to take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary or appropriate to terminate, effective immediately prior to the consummation of the merger, any employee program sponsored by H Power of any of its subsidiaries (or in which H Power or any
of its subsidiaries participate) that contains a cash or deferred arrangement intended to qualify under section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Appointment of Director 

Plug Power has agreed to take all
action necessary to appoint or elect, effective as of the effective time of the merger, 1 non-employee director of H Power as of November 11, 2002 who is reasonably acceptable to Plug Power as a director of Plug Power. 

WARN Act Notices 

H Power has agreed, in no event later than November 26, 2002, to: 



deliver notice of plant closing compliant with the Worker Adjustment Retraining Act of 1986 (WARN Act) and expressly approved in writing by Plug
Power to each employee and any other individual entitled to specific notice of H Powers implementation of a plant closing; and 



deliver appropriate and effective notices of the closing of H Powers Canadian facility, compliant with any and all Canadian or Quebec provincial laws
similar to the WARN Act and expressly approved in writing by Plug Power to the Quebec Ministry of Labor, to each affected employee, and to any other entity with respect to which such notice is required or recommended under applicable law.

These notices were delivered on November 18, 2002. 

Canadian Investment Tax Credit 

H Power has agreed to file certain tax forms pertaining to Canadian investment tax credits prior to November 30, 2002. Such tax forms were filed on November 30, 2002. 

Restrictions on Additional Liabilities, Purchases, Asset Acquisitions and Dispositions 

H Power has agreed, during the period between the date of delivery of the net cash statement and the effective time of the merger, to use
its best efforts to conduct its business and to preserve its assets in a manner as to insure that the amount of net cash at the effective time of the merger is equal to or greater than net cash as provided for on the net cash statement. In
furtherance, between the date of delivery of the net cash statement and the effective time of the merger, H Power and its subsidiaries have agreed not to: 



incur or become subject to any liabilities, as described in the merger agreement, 



authorize, commit to or make any equipment purchases or capital expenditures, or 





acquire, sell, lease, license, encumber, transfer or dispose of any assets, 

other than, in each of the cases described in the three bullet points above, as explicitly included and accounted for in the net cash statement. 

Chief Restructuring Officer 

H Power has agreed to engage by December 2, 2002 a chief restructuring officer who: 



will report directly to H Powers board of directors; 



will be authorized up through the date of the effectiveness of the merger to take any and all actions as directed by the H Power board of directors, to
implement cost saving measures and take other actions consistent with the objective of maximizing long-term cash preservation, taking into account Plug Powers expectations of realizable cash following the integration of Plug Power and H Power;
and 



is acceptable to Plug Power. 

H Power has engaged an outside management company to act as chief restructuring officer. 

Conditions to Completion of the Merger 

The
obligations of Plug Power and H Power to complete the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions: 



the merger agreement must have been adopted and approved, and the merger must have been approved, by the requisite vote of the stockholders of H Power and the
issuance of shares of Plug Power common stock in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement must have been approved by the requisite vote of the stockholders of Plug Power; 



no statute, order, decree, ruling or injunction may have been enacted or issued which makes the merger illegal or prohibits completion of the merger and all
waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 shall have expired or terminated; 



Plug Powers registration statement on Form S-4 of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part must have been declared effective by the
Securities and Exchange Commission, no stop order suspending its effectiveness may be in effect and no proceedings for suspension of its effectiveness may be pending before or threatened by the Securities and Exchange Commission; and 



the shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued in the merger must have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice
of issuance. 

H Powers obligations to complete the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions: 



each of Plug Powers and Monmouth Acquisition Corp.s representations and warranties must have been true and correct as of November 11, 2002, and must
continue to be true and correct on and as of the date the merger is to be completed as if made on such date, except: 

(1)

to the extent Plug Powers and Monmouth Acquisition Corp.s representations and warranties address matters only as of a particular date, they must be
true and correct only as of that date; or 

(2)

to the extent that any inaccuracies of such representations and warranties do not individually, or in the aggregate, have and could not reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on Plug Power and its subsidiaries, as further described below; 



Plug Power must have performed, or complied in all material respects with, all of the obligations required by the merger agreement to be performed or complied
with by it; 





no event that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Plug Power may have occurred (excluding changes to the Plug Power common stock
trading price), as further described below; and 



Plug Power and Monmouth Acquisition Corp. must have obtained all consents and approvals required to be obtained in connection with the merger agreement.

Plug Powers obligations to complete the merger and the other transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions: 



each of H Powers representations and warranties must have been true and correct as of November 11, 2002, and must continue to be true and correct on and
as of the date the merger is to be completed as if made on such date, except: 

(1)

to the extent H Powers representations and warranties address matters only as of a particular date, they must be true and correct only as of that date; or

(2)

to the extent that any inaccuracies of such representations and warranties do not individually, or in the aggregate, have or could not reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on H Power and its subsidiaries, as further described below; 



H Power must have performed, or complied in all material respects with, all of the obligations required by the merger agreement to be performed or complied with
by it; 



no event that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on H Power may have occurred (excluding changes to the H Power common stock trading
price), as further described below; 



H Power must have obtained all consents and approvals required by specific contracts identified in the merger agreement; 



each of the affiliate letters contemplated by the merger agreement, as described below, must have been delivered; 



H Power must have taken all action necessary to cause its stock options to be treated as provided for in the merger agreement; 



H Power and its subsidiaries must not have incurred any liabilities other than those included and accounted for in the net cash statement, and, between the date
of delivery of the net cash statement and the effective time of the merger, H Power must not have authorized, committed to or made any equipment purchases or capital expenditures or acquired, sold, leased, licensed, encumbered, transferred or
disposed of any assets, except as including and accounted for in the net cash statement; 



at the effective time of the merger, H Power shall have net cash, as such term is defined in the merger agreement, of at least $27,500,000; and 



at the effective time of the merger the ECO termination agreement (as described below in the section entitled Other Material Agreements Relating to
the MergerECO Termination Agreement on  page 100) will be in full force and effect and no party to that agreement will be in default. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement 

The merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms at any time prior to completion of the merger, whether before or after the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger by H Powers
stockholders: 



by mutual written consent duly authorized by the boards of directors of Plug Power and H Power; 



by Plug Power or H Power, if 



(1)

H Powers stockholders fail to adopt and approve the merger agreement and approve the merger at the H Power special meeting or at any adjournment of that
meeting, except that the right to terminate the merger agreement under this provision is not available to H Power where the failure to obtain stockholder approval was caused by H Powers action or failure to act which constitutes a breach by H
Power of the merger agreement; or 

(2)

Plug Powers stockholders fail to approve the issuance of Plug Power common stock pursuant to the merger agreement at the Plug Power special meeting or at
any adjournment of that meeting, except that the right to terminate the merger agreement under this provision is not available to Plug Power where the failure to obtain stockholder approval was caused by Plug Powers action or failure to act
which constitutes a breach by Plug Power of the merger agreement.



by Plug Power or H Power, if any governmental authority has issued a final and nonappealable injunction, which prohibits the completion of merger; 



by Plug Power or H Power, if the merger is not completed before March 31, 2003, except that either partys right to terminate the merger agreement under
this provision will not be available to any party who is in material breach of the merger agreement or because of an injunction, or if such partys action or failure to act has been a principal cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the
merger to occur on or before such date of termination and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the merger agreement; 



by H Power, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Plug Power or Monmouth Acquisition Corp. set forth in the merger
agreement, if the breach cannot be or has not been cured within 30 business days after delivery of written notice to Plug Power of the breach. If the breach is cured during those 30 business days, or if the breach is not reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on Plug Power, as further described below, H Power may not terminate the merger agreement under this provision; 



by Plug Power, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of H Power set forth in the merger agreement, if the breach
cannot be or has not been cured within 30 business days after delivery of written notice to H Power of the breach. If the breach is cured during those 30 business days, or if the breach is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on H
Power, as further described below, Plug Power may not terminate the merger agreement under this provision; 



by Plug Power, if H Power has breached the provisions of the merger agreement that prohibit the solicitation of, and discussions and negotiations with respect
to, acquisition proposals; 



by Plug Power, if certain of the persons who signed voting agreements have breached particular material representations, warranties, covenants or other
agreements contained in the voting agreements; and 



by Plug Power, if: 

(1)

H Powers board of directors withdraws or modifies in a manner adverse to Plug Power or Monmouth Acquisition Corp. its recommendation in favor of the
adoption and approval of the merger agreement or the approval of the merger; 

(2)

H Powers board of directors approves or recommends any other acquisition proposal; 

(3)

H Powers board of directors approves, recommends, executes or enters into any agreement relating to any other acquisition proposal; or 

(4)

a tender or exchange offer relating to the securities of H Power is commenced by a person unaffiliated with Plug Power, and H Power does not send to its
securityholders within 10 business days after such tender or exchange offer is first published, sent or given, a statement disclosing that H Power recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer. 



If the merger agreement is terminated because of any of the reasons listed above:



it will become null and void and, except in the limited circumstances described below, have no effect, without any liability by any party to the merger
agreement or its affiliates, directors, officers or stockholders; and 



all rights and obligations of any party under the merger agreement other than specified agreements will cease. 

However, regardless of the reason for termination of the merger agreement, none of the parties will be relieved from liability for fraud
or willful breach of the merger agreement. Additionally, in limited circumstances, as described below, H Power may be obligated to pay Plug Power a termination fee or to reimburse Plug Powers out-of-pocket expenses and, in other limited
circumstances, Plug Power may be obligated to reimburse H Powers out-of-pocket expenses. 

Payment of
Termination Fee and Expenses 

The merger agreement requires H Power to pay Plug Power a termination fee of
$2,000,000 in cash if: 



Plug Power terminates the merger agreement because H Power has breached the provisions of the merger agreement that prohibit the solicitation of, and
discussions and negotiations with respect to, acquisition proposals; or 



Plug Power terminates the merger agreement because H Powers board of directors: 

(1)

withdraws or modifies in a manner adverse to Plug Power or Monmouth Acquisition Corp., its recommendation in favor of the adoption and approval of the merger
agreement or the approval of the merger; or 

(2)

approves or recommends any other acquisition proposal; or 

(3)

approves, recommends, executes or enters into any agreement relating to any other acquisition proposal; or 



Plug Power terminates the merger agreement because a tender or exchange offer relating to the securities of H Power is commenced by a person unaffiliated with
Plug Power, and H Power does not send to its securityholders within 10 business days after such tender or exchange offer is first published, sent or given, a statement disclosing that H Power recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer;



either H Power or Plug Power terminates the merger agreement as a result of the events described in the second bullet point under the section above entitled
Termination of the Merger Agreement due to failure to obtain the required vote of the stockholders of H Power; or 



Plug Power terminates the merger agreement because there has been a breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of H Power set forth
in the merger agreement, and such breach can not be or has not been cured within 30 days after the delivery of written notice to H Power of the breach, and such breach is reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material
adverse effect on H Power. 

A termination fee of $2 million in cash will also be payable by H
Power to Plug Power if, in the case of any termination pursuant to the immediately preceding two bullet points, an acquisition proposal shall have been publicly announced or otherwise communicated or made known to the H Power board of directors (or
any person shall have publicly announced, communicated or made known an intention, whether or not conditional, to make an acquisition proposal) at any time after November 11, 2002 and prior to, in the case of the first bullet point, the taking of a
vote of the stockholders of H Power contemplated by the merger agreement at the special meeting of the H Power stockholders, and in the case of the second bullet point, the date of termination of the merger agreement. 



The merger agreement may also be terminated by H Power if, during the period
commencing 5 business days prior to the stockholder meetings of H Power and Plug Power to approve the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and ending on the second business day prior to such meetings, it notifies Plug Power that the
product of: 



the anticipated number of shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued in the merger; and 



the reasonably anticipated average Plug Power common stock price 

is less than $29,675,000. If this condition is applicable, H Power has the right to terminate the merger agreement. Any such decision would be made by the H Power board of directors in light of the
circumstances existing at the time that the H Power board of directors has the opportunity to make an election. Before making any determination to terminate the merger agreement, the H Power board of directors would consult with its financial and
other advisors and would consider all financial and other information it deemed relevant to its decision. 

In
this regard, the H Power board of directors would consider many of the same factors that it considered in determining whether to approve or adopt the merger agreement, including the principal factors discussed under Consideration of the
Merger by H Powers Board of DirectorsOther Factors Considered by H Powers Board of Directors beginning on page 62. In particular, the H Power board of directors may analyze, among other factors, whether the then current
consideration to be received in the merger would deliver more value to H Power stockholders than the value that would be expected in the event H Power were to continue as an independent company. In addition, the H Power board of directors would
consider whether, in light of market and other industry conditions at the time of such decision, the exchange ratio remains fair from a financial point of view to the holders of shares of H Power common stock. There can be no assurance that the H
Power board of directors would exercise its right to terminate the merger agreement if the conditions set forth above were applicable. If H Power elected not to exercise its right to terminate the merger agreement, which it could do without any
action on the part of the H Power stockholders, the exchange ratio would remain as otherwise calculated in accordance with the descriptions in Conversion of H Power Common Stock in the Merger on page 79. 

If H Power elected to exercise its right to terminate the merger agreement, it must give notice to Plug Power during the period
commencing 5 business days prior to the date of the meetings of stockholders of Plug Power and H Power to approve the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and ending on the second business day prior to such stockholder meetings. Plug
Power has the option to increase the consideration payable to H Powers stockholders by adjusting the exchange ratio in the manner described below. Plug Power is under no obligation to adjust the exchange ratio and there can be no assurance
that Plug Power would elect to adjust the exchange ratio if H Power were to exercise its option to terminate the merger agreement. Any such decision would be made by Plug Power in light of the circumstances existing at the time Plug Power has the
opportunity to make such an election. If Plug Power elects to adjust the exchange ratio, it must give written notice to H Power no later than the business day immediately preceding the effective time of the merger, in which case H Power will not
have any right to terminate the merger agreement as a result of the circumstances described above. 

The operation
of the conditions permitting H Power to terminate the merger agreement based on a reduction in the total consideration value of Plug Power common stock reflects the parties agreement that stockholders of H Power should be guaranteed a minimum
aggregate consideration value, which, as determined by the parties, has been set at $29,675,000. The premise of this agreement is that the parties have determined that, at a minimum, the liquidation value of H Powers assets (
i.e.
, cash
that could be distributed to the stockholders of H Power if, at the effective time of the merger, H Power were to cease operations, liquidate its assets and distribute the proceeds to its stockholders after payment of its outstanding obligations) is
at least $29,675,000. Accordingly, should the above conditions occur, Plug Power is permitted to increase the number of shares of Plug Power common stock to be received by H Powers stockholders such that the product of: 



the anticipated number of shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued in the merger (including such increase in the exchange ratio); and 



the average Plug Power common stock price 



is equal to or greater than $29,675,000, in which case the exchange ratio will be appropriately adjusted
for such increase in consideration. 

H Power stockholders should be aware that the average Plug Power common
stock price on which the occurrence of a termination of the merger agreement by H Power may be based and the subsequent increase, if any, in the exchange ratio by Plug Power, will be based on the determination of the average Plug Power common stock
price as described above. Accordingly, because the market price of Plug Power common stock between the determination date and the effective time of the merger, as well as the date certificates representing shares of Plug Power common stock are
delivered in exchange for shares of H Power common stock following consummation of the merger, will fluctuate and possibly decline, the value of Plug Power common stock actually received by holders of H Power common stock may be more or less than
(A) the average Plug Power common stock price and (B) the value of the Plug Power common stock at the effective time of the merger resulting from the exchange ratio or any possible adjustment to the exchange ratio as illustrated above. (See
Risk Factors Risks Related to the Merger beginning on page 27.) 

Furthermore, the merger
agreement requires H Power to reimburse Plug Power for its out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, legal, accounting, investment banking and printing fees) incurred in connection with pursuing the merger if Plug Power terminates the
merger agreement because: 



H Power breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in the merger agreement, the breach has had or is reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on H Power, as further described below, and the breach cannot be or has not been cured within 30 business days after delivery of written notice to H Power of the breach; or 



certain of the persons who signed voting agreements breach particular material representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in such
voting agreements. 

In addition, the merger agreement requires Plug Power to reimburse H Power
for its similar out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with pursuing the merger if H Power terminates the merger agreement because Plug Power breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in the merger agreement, the
breach has had or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Plug Power, as further described below, and the breach cannot be or has not been cured within 30 business days after delivery of written notice to Plug Power of the breach.

Except with respect to the termination fee and expense reimbursement described above, each party will pay all
fees and expenses it incurs in the merger, except that Plug Power and H Power will split equally all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the registration statement on Form S-4 of
which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part and the printing and mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Extension, Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement 

Plug Power and H Power may
amend the merger agreement before completion of the merger by mutual written consent. The parties to the merger agreement amended the merger agreement for technical reasons on November 26, 2002. 

Either Plug Power or H Power may extend the other partys time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts under the merger agreement, waive any
inaccuracies in the other partys representations and warranties and waive compliance by the other party with any of the agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement. 



Definition of Material Adverse Effect 

Under the terms of the merger agreement, a 
material adverse effect
 on either H Power or Plug Power is defined to mean any change,
effect, event, violation, occurrence, inaccuracy, condition or development that is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to: 



the business, operations, assets (including intangible assets), liabilities, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of such entity and its
subsidiaries as a whole; or 



the ability of such entity to perform its obligations under the merger agreement. 

Other Material Agreements Relating to the Merger 

Voting Agreements

As a condition to the willingness of Plug Power and Monmouth Acquisition Corp. to enter into the
merger agreement, Dr. H. Frank Gibbard, Mr. Arthur Kaufman and ECO Fuel Cells, LLC, who together held approximately 10.7% of the outstanding shares of H Power common stock as of November 11, 2002, each executed a voting agreement with Plug Power
dated as of November 11, 2002. 

In the voting agreements, these H Power stockholders agreed to: 



vote their shares and any newly acquired shares in favor of approval of the merger agreement and the merger and any matter necessary for consummation of the
merger; 



vote their shares and any newly acquired shares against approval of any acquisition proposal (including, without limitation, any superior proposal);



vote their shares and any newly acquired shares against any proposal for any action or agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant, representation
or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of H Power under the merger agreement or which could result in any of the conditions of H Powers obligations under the merger agreement not being fulfilled; 



vote their shares and any newly acquired shares against any action which could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or materially
adversely affect consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; 



vote their shares and any newly acquired shares in favor of any other matter necessary for consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, and in connection therewith to execute any documents which are necessary or appropriate in order to effectuate the foregoing; and 



grant, and did grant, Plug Power irrevocable proxies to vote their shares and any newly acquired shares as required by the voting agreement. 

Furthermore, each of these stockholders agreed not to: 



sell, tender, transfer, pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of any of its shares or newly acquired shares; 



deposit any shares or newly acquired shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to such shares or grant any proxy
or power of attorney with respect thereto; 



enter into any contract, option or other arrangement or undertaking with respect to the direct or indirect sale, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or
other disposition of any shares or newly acquired shares; or 



take any action that would make any representation or warranty of such stockholder contained in the voting agreement untrue or incorrect or have the effect of
preventing or disabling such stockholder from performing such stockholders obligations under the voting agreement. 



The voting agreements terminate at the effective time of the merger. The form of
voting agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B, and you are urged to read Annex B in its entirety. 

ECO Termination Agreement 

On November 8, 2002, Plug Power, H Power, H
Power Enterprises of Canada, a wholly-owned subsidiary of H Power, ECO and ECO Fuel Cells, LLC (EFC) entered into a termination agreement. Pursuant to this agreement, upon payment to ECO and EFC of the aggregate amount of $2,115,000, in addition to
payments owed to ECO by H Power pursuant to their prior agreements aggregating $1,600,000, by the effective time of the merger, as set forth in the schedule to the termination agreement, all prior agreements between H Power and ECO and EFC will
terminate if and when the closing of the merger occurs, including without limitation (1) that certain Second Amended and Restated Fuel Cell Product Operating Agreement dated April 10, 2002, as amended, by and among H Power and EFC, (2) that certain
Memorandum of Agreement dated April 10, 2002, as amended, by and between H Power and ECO and EFC, (3) that certain Sales and Marketing Services Agreement dated April 10, 2002, as amended, between H Power and ECO and EFC, and (4) that certain Test
Reporting, Engineering Services and Field Services Agreement dated April 10, 2002, as amended, between H Power and ECO and EFC. 

The termination agreement also provides for, among other things, the continuation of the obligations of H Power with respect to 4 previously installed fuel cell units, as well as the termination of H Powers obligations
regarding delivery of any fuel cell products which were required to be delivered under the prior agreements with ECO and EFC. Under the termination agreement, after payment of any required amounts at the closing of the merger, subject to the terms
of Plug Powers existing distribution agreements, Plug Power will use commercially reasonable efforts to help ECO to obtain access to Plug Powers distributors to offer Plug Power products and related services to rural electric
cooperatives, including ECOs members. 

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 

General

The following is a discussion of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of participating
in the merger. This discussion reflects the opinion of Plug Powers tax counsel, Goodwin Procter LLP. This discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, existing and proposed Treasury Regulations promulgated under the
Internal Revenue Code, published rulings, administrative pronouncements and judicial decisions in effect as of the date hereof. All of the foregoing are subject to differing interpretations and to change, possibly with retroactive effect, by
subsequent legislative, judicial or administrative action that could affect the tax consequences described herein. Neither Plug Power nor H Power has sought any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to the statements made and the
conclusions reached in the following discussion, and there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with such statements and conclusions. 

Except as specifically provided below, this discussion is limited to the United States federal income tax circumstances relevant to a United States holder of H Power common
stock. A United States holder is defined as 



a citizen or resident of the U.S.; 



a domestic corporation or domestic partnership; 



an estate, the income of which (from sources without the United States which is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the U.S.)
is subject to U.S. income tax; or 



a trust, if a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority
to control all substantial decisions of the trust, and that is also not the U.S. government, a state government, or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 



This discussion does not address the tax considerations arising under the laws of
any foreign, state or local jurisdiction or any non-income tax consequences. In addition, this discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be applicable in light of your particular circumstances or to stockholders
subject to special tax rules, including, without limitation: 



a broker-dealer or a dealer in securities or commodities; 



a bank, thrift or other financial institution; 



a regulated investment company or a real estate investment trust; 



an insurance company; 



a tax-exempt organization; 



a holder subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Internal Revenue Code; 



a person holding shares as a part of a hedge, straddle, conversion or other risk reduction or constructive sale transaction; or 



a person with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar. 

The following discussion assumes that H Power stockholders hold their shares of H Power common stock as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal
Revenue Code. If a partnership holds shares of H Power common stock, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. 

This discussion of material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the offer is for general information only and is not tax advice. You are urged to consult your
tax advisor with respect to the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to your particular situation as well as any tax consequences arising under the U.S. federal estate or gift tax rules or under the laws of any state, local, foreign or other
taxing jurisdiction. 

Tax Implications of the Merger to U.S. Holders of H Power Common Stock

The tax treatment of an H Power stockholder depends upon whether the exchange of shares of H Power common
stock for shares of Plug Power common stock qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Plug Power and H Power have agreed to treat the merger as a reorganization within the meanings of Sections
368(a)(1)(A) and 368(a)(2)(E) of the Internal Revenue Code. In general, for a merger to qualify for reorganization treatment, several requirements, including continuity of business enterprise in Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-1(d),
must be satisfied. The continuity of business enterprise requirement will be satisfied if Plug Power either (1) continues H Powers historic business or (2) uses a significant portion of H Powers historic business assets in a
business. The fact that Plug Power is in the same line of business as H Power tends to establish the requisite continuity of business enterprise, but it is not alone sufficient to satisfy the requirement. 

The major portion of the non-cash assets that Plug Power will obtain from H Power are patents, other intellectual property, and any other
intangible assets held by H Power at the time of the merger. As of the date of this document, Plug Power has not had the opportunity to finalize any plans or intentions to actively use such non-cash intangible assets in a trade or business. Plug
Power may employ a portion of these non-cash assets in the continued development of its products and technologies and, in any event, does not have any present plan or intentions to dispose of such non-cash intangible assets to third parties. We are
not aware of any precedents with regard to a similar situation or set of facts. Accordingly, we believe the law is unclear with regard to whether the continuity of business enterprise requirement will be satisfied. 

Accordingly, assuming that the facts at the time of the merger are as described herein, while Plug Power and H Power believe that it is
reasonable to take the position that the merger qualifies as a tax-free reorganization, the



law is unclear whether the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization. Therefore, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service and/or a court might conclude that the merger does not
satisfy the continuity of business enterprise requirement described above and that the merger will not qualify as a reorganization. 

Tax Consequences if the Merger Qualifies as a Reorganization 

If the merger
qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, which is the way that Plug Power and H Power have agreed to treat it, then the U.S. federal income tax consequences to H Power stockholders who exchange
their shares of H Power common stock for shares of Plug Power common stock will be as follows: 



No gain or loss will be recognized for U.S. federal income tax purposes by H Power stockholders as a result of the merger except with respect to any cash
received in lieu of fractional shares. 



H Power stockholders receiving cash in lieu of a fractional share interest will be treated as having received a fractional share of Plug Power common stock in
the merger and as having that fractional share subsequently redeemed by Plug Power. Gain or loss recognized on such exchange will be measured by the difference between the amount of cash received and the portion of the adjusted tax basis in the
stockholders shares of H Power stock that is allocable to such fractional share. Any gain or loss recognized on such exchange generally will be capital gain or loss. Capital gains of individuals derived with respect to capital assets held for
more than one year are classified as long-term capital gain and are eligible for reduced rates of taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 



The aggregate tax basis of Plug Power common stock received as a result of the merger will equal the H Power stockholders aggregate adjusted basis in the
shares of H Power common stock surrendered in the merger, decreased by the basis allocable to fractional shares for which cash is received in the merger. The holding period of the Plug Power common stock will include the holding period for the H
Power common stock surrendered in exchange therefor. 

Neither Plug Power nor its stockholders
will recognize any gain or loss as a result of the merger regardless of whether the merger qualifies as a reorganization. 

Tax Consequences if the Merger Fails to Qualify as a Reorganization 

If the merger
fails to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, then the U.S. federal income tax consequences to H Power stockholders who exchange their shares of H Power common stock for shares of Plug Power
common stock will be as follows: 



H Power stockholders should be viewed as exchanging shares of H Power common stock for shares of Plug Power common stock and any cash in lieu of the fractional
shares exchanged as a result of the merger in a taxable exchange. 



An H Power stockholder will recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between (1) the sum of the fair market value of the Plug Power
common stock at the time of the merger and any cash in lieu of the fractional shares exchanged therefore and (2) such stockholders adjusted basis in his, her or its shares of H Power common stock surrendered. Gain or loss will be computed
separately for separate blocks of stock. 



Under most circumstances, any gain or loss recognized as a result of the merger will be capital gain or loss. Capital gains of individuals derived with respect
to capital assets held for more than one year are classified as long-term capital gain and are eligible for reduced rates of taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 



The tax basis of Plug Power common stock received as a result of the merger will equal the fair market value of the Plug Power common stock at the time of the
merger. The holding period of the shares of Plug Power common stock received in the exchange will begin on the day after the merger.



Neither Plug Power nor its stockholders will recognize any gain or loss as a
result of the merger regardless of whether the merger qualifies as a reorganization. 

Accounting Treatment of the Merger 

Plug Power will record the merger using the
purchase method of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. This method assumes that for financial reporting purposes, Plug Power will treat both companies as one company beginning as of
the date that the merger is completed. Accordingly, the historical financial statements of Plug Power will continue to be the historical financial statements of the combined company following the merger and H Power will be included in the combined
companys ongoing results of operations. In addition, under this method of accounting, Plug Power will record the fair value of H Powers net assets on its consolidated financial statements, with the remaining purchase price in excess of
the fair value of H Powers net assets recorded as other intangibles, which will include goodwill. See Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information on page 106. 

Post-Closing Capitalization 

Based on, among other things, the number of outstanding
shares of H Power common stock calculated as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and assuming that the average trading price for shares of Plug Power common stock is $5.88 and H Powers net cash is $36,675,000, Plug Power and
H Power estimate that Plug Power will issue approximately 8.6 million shares of its common stock to H Power stockholders in the merger and following the merger Plug Power will have 59.5 million shares of its common stock outstanding. H Power
stockholders will own approximately 14.5% of that total, and the remaining 85.5% will be owned by Plug Powers stockholders as of immediately prior to the merger. 

These amounts are estimates, however, and may change at the completion of the merger as a result of, among other things, (1) the number of shares of H Power common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger; (2) the average trading price for shares of Plug Power common stock for 10 randomly selected trading days in the 20 trading day period ending on the second trading day prior to the
merger; (3) the transaction value, which is determined based on H Powers net cash at the effective time of the merger; and (4) the aggregate value of the shares of Plug Power common stock to be issued in the merger to H Power stockholders.

Regulatory Filings and Approvals Required to Complete the Merger 

The merger is
subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, which prevents specified transactions from being completed until required information and materials are furnished to the Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and specified waiting periods are terminated or expire. The Federal Trade Commission has granted early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act with respect to the merger effective as
of November 16, 2002. The closing of the merger is conditioned upon all waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act relating to the merger having expired or terminated early and all material foreign antitrust approvals required to be obtained
prior to the merger having been obtained. Neither Plug Power nor H Power is aware of any antitrust approvals which remain to be obtained in connection with the merger. 

Although early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act has been granted, at any time before or after the completion of the merger, either the
Antitrust Division or the Federal Trade Commission could take action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, or other persons could take action under the antitrust laws, including seeking to enjoin the
merger. Additionally, at any time before or after the completion of the merger, any state could take action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest. We cannot assure you that a challenge to the merger will
not be made or that, if a challenge is made, we will prevail. 



Neither Plug Power nor H Power is aware of any other material governmental or
regulatory approval required for completion of the merger, other than compliance with applicable corporate law of the State of Delaware and federal and state securities laws. 

Restrictions on Sales of Plug Power Common Stock by Affiliates of H Power 

The shares
of Plug Power common stock to be issued in connection with the merger have been registered under the Securities Act and will be freely transferable under the Securities Act, except for shares of Plug Power common stock issued to any person who is
deemed to be an affiliate of either Plug Power or H Power and shares subject to other contractual restrictions. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under
common control of either Plug Power or H Power and may include some of H Powers officers and directors, as well as its principal stockholders. Affiliates may resell their shares of Plug Power common stock acquired in connection with the merger
only in transactions permitted by Rule 145 under the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act. 

As a condition to the obligations of Plug Power and H Power to effect the merger, H Power will use its reasonable best efforts to deliver or cause each affiliate of H Power within the meaning of Rule 145, as identified by H Power, to
deliver an affiliate agreement with Plug Power. Under the terms of the affiliate agreements, such affiliates have agreed not to make any sale, transfer or other disposition of any shares of Plug Power common stock received in the merger except in
certain specified situations, including: 



pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of those shares; 



in compliance with Rule 145(d) under the Securities Act; or 



in a transaction which, in the opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to Plug Power or as described in a no-action or interpretive letter from
the Securities and Exchange Commission, is not required to be registered under the Securities Act. 

The affiliate agreements also allow Plug Power to place appropriate legends on the certificates evidencing any shares of Plug Power common stock received by the affiliates in the merger, and to issue stop transfer instructions to the
transfer agent for such shares of Plug Power common stock received by the affiliates. 

This joint proxy
statement/prospectus does not cover the resale of shares of Plug Power common stock to be received by any person in the merger, and no person is authorized to make any use of this joint proxy statement/prospectus in connection with any such resale.

Listing on the Nasdaq National Market of Plug Power Common Stock to be Issued in the Merger 

Plug Power has agreed to prepare and submit all reports, applications and other documents that may be necessary or desirable to enable all shares of Plug Power common stock that will be outstanding or reserved for issuance at the
effective time of the merger to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of issuance. Such approval is a condition to the consummation of the merger. 

Delisting and Deregistration of H Power Common Stock after the Merger 

When the merger
is completed, H Power common stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Exchange Act. 

Dissenters Rights of Appraisal 

No appraisal rights are available to stockholders
of Plug Power or H Power under applicable law in connection with the merger. 



Operations After the Merger 

Following the merger, H Power will operate as a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Plug Power. The membership of Plug Powers board of directors will remain unchanged as a result of the merger, other than as described below in the section entitled Director to be Appointed in Connection
with the Merger. The senior management of Plug Power will also remain unchanged as a result of the merger. 

The officers and board of directors of Monmouth Acquisition Corp. will become the officers and directors of H Power immediately following the merger, and H Power will cause each officer and director of each of its subsidiaries to
resign at the effective time of the merger. The stockholders of H Power will become stockholders of Plug Power, and their rights as stockholders will be governed by the Plug Power certificate of incorporation, the Plug Power bylaws and the laws of
the State of Delaware. See the section entitled Comparison of Rights of Holders of Plug Power Common Stock and H Power Common Stock beginning on page 156 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

Director to be Appointed in Connection with the Merger 

Except as noted below, the
directors of Plug Power immediately prior to consummation of the merger shall be the directors of Plug Power upon the consummation of the merger. Pursuant to the merger agreement, Plug Power agreed to appoint or elect one non-employee director of H
Power as of November 11, 2002 who is reasonably acceptable to Plug Power to the Plug Power board. 



UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

The following unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial statements are presented for illustrative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the consolidated financial position and results of operations for future periods or the results that actually would
have been realized had Plug Power and H Power been a consolidated company during the specified periods. Plug Power expects to further incur certain reorganization and integration expenses as a result of the acquisition of H Power if consummated.

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are based on the respective audited and
unaudited historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto of Plug Power and H Power after giving effect to the assumed acquisition of H Power using the purchase method of accounting and the assumptions and adjustments described
below. The estimated purchase price was allocated to the estimated fair value of the H Power assets to be acquired and liabilities to be assumed based on the H Power consolidated balance sheet at August 31, 2002. The estimated purchase price
allocation is based on managements preliminary analysis and estimates. The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 and nine months ended September 30, 2002 assumes the
merger occurred on January 1, 2001. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet at September 30, 2002 assumes the merger occurred on September 30, 2002. 

The pro forma adjustments were based upon available information and upon certain assumptions as described in the notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial statements that Plug Powers management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The pro forma adjustments are based on the information available at the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and are subject to change
based on completion of the transaction and final purchase price allocation, and such changes may be material. 

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto of Plug Power included in its Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, and its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2002, incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and the separate historical consolidated financial
statements of H Power on its Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended May 31, 2002 and its interim report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended August 31, 2002, each of which is included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.



Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet 

Historical

Plug Power

as
of

September 30, 2002

H Power

as of

August 31, 2002

Pro forma Adjustments

Pro forma Combined

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

40,241,697

$

47,626,928

$

$

87,868,625

Restricted cash

310,000

  

310,000

Marketable securities

25,768,135

5,060,110

30,828,245

Accounts receivable, net

3,386,700

816,306

4,203,006

Inventory

1,843,639

2,173,778

(1,833,778

)

(A

)

2,183,639

Prepaid development costs

2,574,505

  

2,574,505

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

1,269,736

1,268,282

(380,000

)

(B

)

2,158,018

Total current assets

75,394,412

56,945,404

(2,213,778

)

130,126,038

Restricted cash

5,000,274

50,000

(50,000

)

(B

)

5,000,274

Property, plant and equipment, net

27,536,546

8,765,702

(7,952,702

)

(C

)

28,349,546

Intangible assets

1,287,139

665,248

4,834,752

(D

)

6,787,139

Investment in affiliates

9,953,949

  

9,953,949

Goodwill

  

  

425,247

(E

)

425,247

Other assets

474,701

  

474,701

Total assets

$

119,647,021

$

66,426,354

$

(4,956,481

)

$

181,116,894

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

$

1,054,352

$

2,002,035

$

$

3,056,387

1,900,000

(F

)

Accrued expenses

2,232,566

1,267,190

8,016,125

(F

)

13,415,881

Deferred revenue

5,370,364

313,083

5,683,447

Current portion of capital lease obligation and long-term debt

316,726

137,115

453,841

Total current liabilities

8,974,008

3,719,423

9,916,125

22,609,556

Long-term debt

5,000,274

119,325

5,119,599

Deferred grant revenue

250,000

  

250,000

Capital lease obligation

  

Other liabilities

767,193

  

767,193

Total liabilities

14,992,360

3,838,748

9,916,125

28,747,233

Stockholders equity:

Preferred stock

  

  

  

Common stock

508,615

53,883

(53,883

)

(G

)

604,409

95,794

(G

)

40,000

(G

)

(164,770,005

)

(G

)

Paid-in capital

346,987,838

164,770,005

50,579,206

(G

)

397,607,044

102,236,282

(G

)

Accumulated deficit

(242,841,792

)

(102,236,282

)

(3,000,000

)

(G

)

(245,841,792

)

Total stockholders equity (i)

104,654,661

62,587,606

(14,872,606

)

152,369,661

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

$

119,647,021

$

66,426,354

$

(4,956,481

)

$

181,116,894



(i)

The estimated exchange ratio is .89 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock based on (1) 10,776,548 shares of H Power common
stock outstanding on the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus; (2) an average share price of $5.29 per share of Plug Power common stock (based on the closing price of $5.05 per share of Plug Power common stock on the last business day prior
to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and adjusted to $5.29 per share as a result of the collar) and (3) an estimated net cash value of $36,675,000. This exchange ratio has been used to present the pro forma information based on the
latest information available; however, the actual exchange ratio for H Power common stock in the merger may be different than the assumed exchange ratio and may be subject to change on completion of the transaction. It is estimated that the exchange
ratio could range from .73 to .89, exclusive of any adjustment required based upon H Powers actual net cash at the effective time of the merger, as defined in the merger agreement. If the exchange ratio is .73 shares of Plug Power common stock
for each share of H Power common stock, the number of shares of Plug Power common stock issued in connection with the merger would decrease to approximately 7.8 million shares from the approximately 9.6 million shares assuming the .89 exchange
ratio. Any change to the actual net cash at the effective time of the merger will affect the final transaction value and exchange ratio as determined pursuant to the formula within the merger agreement. An additional summary of the effect of changes
in net cash and the average Plug Power common stock price, both as determined pursuant to the merger agreement, is presented within note 3 on page 115 to further illustrate the impact to the relevant pro forma financial information. For further
information concerning the estimated exchange ratio and the factors that may cause it to be adjusted, see The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementCollar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment on  page 82.

See accompanying notes to pro forma information. 



Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations 

Historical

Plug Power Nine months ended September 30, 2002

H Power

Nine month period
ended August 31, 2002 (ii)

Pro forma Adjustments

Pro forma Combined

Revenue

Product and service revenue

$

7,381,398

$

1,341,477

$

(1,341,477

)(1)

$

7,381,398

Research and development contract revenue

1,060,244

1,011,500

(500,000

)(1)

1,571,744

Total revenue

8,441,642

2,352,977

(1,841,477

)

8,953,142

Cost of revenue and expenses

Cost of revenues

7,725,699

4,541,194

(3,766,681

)(1)

8,500,212

In-process research and development

  

  

  

Research and development expense:

Noncash stock-based compensation

520,006

  

520,006

1,377,000

 (2)

Other research and development

29,405,724

12,048,202

(856,736

)(3)

41,974,190

General and administrative expense:

Noncash stock-based compensation

415,308

  

415,308

Other general and administrative

4,688,194

7,840,568

(545,117

)(4)

11,983,645

Interest expense

75,644

5,465

81,109

Operating loss

(34,388,933

)

(22,082,452

)

1,950,057

(54,521,328

)

Interest income

1,433,733

1,088,720

2,522,453

Loss before equity in losses of affiliates

(32,955,200

)

(20,993,732

)

1,950,057

(51,998,875

)

Equity in losses of affiliates

(1,544,051

)

  

(1,544,051

)

Net loss

$

(34,499,251

)

$

(20,993,732

)

$

1,950,057

$

(53,542,926

)

Loss per share: Basic and diluted (iii)

$

(0.68

)

$

(0.90

)

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (iii)

50,558,138

9,579,395

60,137,533



(ii)

The nine-month period ended August 31, 2002 as presented for H Power was derived by adding the three months ended August 31, 2002 to H Powers fiscal year
ended May 31, 2002, and removing the six months ended November 30, 2001. The three months ended November 30, 2002 for H Power are excluded from this historical presentation. Results of H Power for the three months ended November 30, 2002 were as
follows: 

Total Revenues

$

651,846

Loss from operations

(9,592,846

)

Net loss

(9,374,105

)

Loss per share

(0.87

)

Included in the net loss for the three month period ended
November 30, 2002 were $1,163,849 of other costs primarily related to the merger and H Powers restructuring plan. 

(iii)

The estimated exchange ratio is .89 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock based on (1) 10,776,548 shares of H Power common
stock outstanding on the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, (2) an average share price of $5.29 per share of Plug Power common stock (based on the closing price of $5.05 per share of Plug Power common stock on the last business day prior
to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and adjusted to $5.29 per share as a result of the collar) and (3) an estimated net cash value of $36,675,000. This exchange ratio has been used to present the pro forma information based on the
latest information available; however, the actual exchange ratio for H Power common stock in the merger may be different than the assumed exchange ratio. The exchange ratio could range from .73 to .89, exclusive of any adjustment required based upon
H Powers actual net cash at the effective time of the merger, as defined in the merger agreement. If the exchange ratio is .73 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock, the loss per share, basic and diluted, for
pro forma combined would be $(0.92) based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted, of 58,390,441. Any change to the actual net cash at the effective time of the merger will affect the final transaction value and
exchange ratio as determined pursuant to the formula within the merger agreement. An additional summary of the effect of changes in net cash and the average Plug Power common stock price, both as determined pursuant to the merger agreement, is
presented within note 3 on page 115 to further illustrate the impact to the relevant pro forma financial information. For further information concerning the estimated exchange ratio and the factors that may cause it to be adjusted, see the section
of this document titled The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementCollar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment on page 82. 



Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations 

Historical

Plug Power Twelve months ended December 31, 2001

H Power Twelve-month period ended November 30, 2001 (iv)

Pro forma Adjustments

Pro forma Combined

Revenue

Product and service revenue

$

2,573,434

$

1,934,584

$

(1,934,584

)(1)

$

2,573,434

Research and development contract revenue

3,168,091

884,254

(222,224

)(1)

3,830,121

Total revenue

5,741,525

2,818,838

(2,156,808

)

6,403,555

Cost of revenue and expenses

Cost of revenues

11,290,891

4,374,846

(2,388,844

)(1)

13,276,893

In-process research and development

  

  

  

Research and development expense:

Noncash stock-based compensation

1,300,807

  

1,300,807

Other research and development

59,299,042

18,305,330

1,836,000

 (2)

78,298,058

(1,142,314

)(3)

General and administrative expense:

Noncash stock-based compensation

502,370

4,400,000

4,902,370

Other general and administrative

6,990,119

9,072,175

(531,487

)(4)

15,530,807

Interest expense

259,958

  

259,958

Operating loss

(73,901,662

)

(33,333,513

)

69,837

(107,165,338

)

Interest income

4,070,419

4,805,598

8,876,017

Loss before equity in losses of affiliates

(69,831,243

)

(28,527,915

)

69,837

(98,289,321

)

Equity in losses of affiliates

(3,280,794

)

  

(3,280,794

)

Net loss

$

(73,112,037

)

$

(28,527,915

)

$

69,837

$

(101,570,115

)

Loss per share:

Basic and diluted (v)

$

(1.56

)

$

(1.83

)

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding(v)

46,840,091

9,579,395

56,419,486



(iv)

The twelve-month period ended November 30, 2001 as presented for H Power was derived by adding the 6 months ended November 30, 2001 to H Powers fiscal
year ended May 31, 2001, and removing the 6 months ended November 30, 2000. 

(v)

The estimated exchange ratio of .89 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock based on (1) 10,776,548 shares of H Power common
stock outstanding on the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus; (2) an average share price of $5.29 per share of Plug Power common stock (based on the closing price of $5.05 per share of Plug Power common stock on the last business day prior
to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and adjusted to $5.29 per share as a result of the collar) and (3) an estimated net cash value of $36,675,000. This exchange ratio has been used to present the pro forma information based on the
latest information available; however, the actual exchange ratio for H Power common stock in the merger may be different than the assumed exchange ratio. The exchange ratio could range from .73 to .89, exclusive of any adjustment required based upon
H Powers actual net cash at the effective time of the merger, as defined in the merger agreement. If the exchange ratio is .73 shares of Plug Power common stock for each share of H Power common stock, the loss per share, basic and diluted, for
pro forma combined would be $(1.86) based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted, of 54,672,394. Any change to the actual net cash at the effective time of the merger will affect the final transaction value and
exchange ratio as determined pursuant to the formula within the merger agreement. An additional summary of the effect of changes in net cash and the average Plug Power common stock price, both as determined pursuant to the merger agreement, is
presented within note 3 on page 115 to further illustrate the impact to the relevant pro forma financial information. For further information concerning the estimated exchange ratio and the factors that may cause it to be adjusted, see the section
of this document titled The Merger and Related TransactionsThe Merger AgreementCollar Adjustment and Net Cash Adjustment on page 82. 

See accompanying notes to pro forma information. 



NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Note 1.    Basis
of Presentation and Purchase Price 

On November 11, 2002, Plug Power and H Power entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger, as subsequently amended, pursuant to which H Power will be acquired by Plug Power. The transaction will be accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. The total purchase price consideration is estimated to be $52.6
million which will include approximately 9.6 million of Plug Power common shares with an estimated fair value of $50.7 million, the conversion of H Power stock options to Plug Power stock options with an estimated fair value of approximately
$40,000, and including approximately $1.9 million of direct transaction costs to be incurred in connection with the acquisition. 

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 and the nine months ended September 30, 2002 give effect to the acquisition as if the transaction had occurred as of
January 1, 2001. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet gives effect to the acquisition as if the transaction had occurred on September 30, 2002. The preliminary allocation of estimated purchase price, including direct transaction
costs and other liabilities in connection with termination benefits and costs associated with exiting certain activities, is based on preliminary management analysis and estimates. Below is a table of the preliminary purchase price allocation,
including estimated direct transaction costs and other liabilities: 

Current assets

$

54,731,626

Property, plant & equipment

813,000

Purchased identifiable intangibles with definite lives

5,500,000

In process research & development

3,000,000

Goodwill

425,247

Current liabilities

(13,635,548

)

Long-term debt

(119,325

)

$

50,715,000

As part of the transaction Plug Power will incur significant
costs to streamline the business and eliminate redundant operations. As part of the post-closing integration of the combined business, it is anticipated that all operations will be consolidated into Plug Powers headquarters, located in Latham,
New York. Lease termination costs for the facilities expected to be closed or abandoned in the amount of $1.9 million have been included in the purchase price allocation above under current liabilities. Certain of H Powers distribution and
partnership agreements, including that with Energy Co-Opportunity, Inc. (ECO) and its affiliates, will be terminated upon closing. The costs associated with the termination of the ECO agreement in the amount of $4.2 million have been included in the
purchase price allocation above under current liabilities. 

Additionally, some members of H Power management have
change of control clauses in their employment contracts that will result in one time and/or continuing payments upon the consummation of the merger. These costs in the amount of approximately $1.8 million have also been included in the purchase
price allocation above, under current liabilities. 

Note 2.    Pro Forma Adjustments 

The pro forma adjustments are based on an estimated allocation of purchase price to the assets to be acquired and liabilities to be
assumed based on the consolidated balance sheet of H Power as of August 31, 2002. 

Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Balance Sheet 

(A)

INVENTORY  To adjust the carrying value of inventory to its net realizable value for product lines we expect to discontinue. Certain raw material
inventory is not compatible with continuing product lines and as such, has been adjusted to its liquidation value. 



(B)

PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS AND RESTRICTED CASH  To write-off unrecoverable deposits for facility and equipment leases expected to be
terminated. 

(C)

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  Adjustment in the amount of $7,952,702 to reduce property, plant and equipment of H Power to its estimated fair value
(based on selling price) less costs to sell. A majority of the H Power property, plant and equipment relates to facilities expected to be closed or abandoned and have been adjusted accordingly. 

(D)

INTANGIBLE ASSETS  To record the fair value of identifiable intangible assets in the amount of $5,500,000, related to certain H Power fuel cell
technology, including small scale fuel cell stack designs, steam reforming technology and other intellectual property. The fair value of this technology was determined using an income approach which reflects the estimated present value of future
avoided costs to acquire this technology from another entity. This purchased technology has been capitalized for related amortization over an estimated useful life of 36 months has been included in the unaudited pro forma combined statements of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2001 and the 9 months ended September 30, 2002, in the amounts of $1.8 million and $1.4 million, respectively. 

(E)

GOODWILL  To record goodwill resulting from the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets
acquired and liabilities assumed. 

(F)

ACCRUED EXPENSES  To record accrued expenses for: 



$1,846,000 change in control provisions of executive employment agreements. 



$1,945,000 lease termination costs for facilities expected to be closed or abandoned. 



$4,215,000 accrued expenses related to sales & marketing services, trade shows, fuel cell test programs and other contractual agreements with ECO which will
become payable upon termination of the contract. See the section of this document titled The Merger and Related TransactionsOther Material Agreements Relating to the MergerECO Termination Agreement on page 100. 



$1,900,000 accrued for direct transaction costs of the acquisition. 

(G)

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY  



To eliminate the common stock, paid-in capital and accumulated deficit of H Power. 



Record the issuance of approximately 9.6 million shares at an assumed fair value of $5.29 per share of Plug Power common stock for a total estimated fair value
of $50.7 million. As discussed further below under note 3, the final fair value of the transaction under purchase accounting will not be determinable until the effective date of the merger due to the application of the exchange ratio formula that
will vary based on the average trading price for shares of Plug Power common stock, as determined pursuant to the merger agreement, and the transaction value price, which is determined based on the value of H Powers net cash (as defined in the
merger agreement) at the effective time of the merger. 



Adjustment to reflect the effects of estimated acquired in-process research and development expense of $3.0 million has been included in accumulated deficit.
The acquired in-process research and development expense relates to certain H Power fuel cell technology, including small scale fuel cell stack designs and steam reforming technology. The fair value of this technology was determined using an income
approach which reflects the estimated present value of future avoided costs to acquire this technology from another entity. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the amount allocated to in-process technology will be expensed
in the quarter in which the merger is consummated. The estimated in-process research and development (IPR&D) adjustment has been excluded from the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations because it is a non-recurring
charge. The effects of the IPR&D expense have been included in accumulated deficit in the September 30, 2002 unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet. As required by Article 11 of Regulation S-X, the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined statement of operations excludes material non-recurring charges that result



directly from the merger and that will be recorded within 12 months of the merger. Accordingly, estimated in-process research and development expense of $3.0 million related directly to the
merger was not included in the unaudited pro forma combined condensed statements of operations. 



Upon consummation of the merger, substantially all of the options to purchase shares of H Power common stock held by H Power officers and employees will
continue to vest and will convert to options to purchase Plug Power common stock. Consequently, a pro forma adjustment, in the amount of approximately $40,000, has been recorded to reflect the fair value of these options,using the Black-Scholes
pricing model. The effect of this pro forma adjustment has been included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet. 

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations 

PRODUCT
REVENUE AND COST OF PRODUCT REVENUE: 

(1)

To eliminate the revenue and cost of revenue related to product lines not expected to be continued. 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSE: 

(2)

To record amortization of identifiable intangible assets noted above over an estimated useful life of 36 months. This adjustment has been recorded as a
component of research and development as it is related to amortization of capitalized technology expected to be utilized in research and product development activities. 

(3)

To adjust depreciation expense based on the adjustments to the fair value of facilities to be acquired. 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE: 

(4)

To adjust rent expense for facilities and equipment expected to be disposed of or abandoned. 

Note 3.    Range of Results  Pro Forma Effects 

The actual exchange ratio for H Power common stock in the merger may be different than the assumed exchange ratio of .89 shares of Plug Power common stock presented in the
accompanying Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information. Any adjustments to the exchange ratio due to the determination of net cash will vary independently from the adjustments due to the average Plug Power common stock price and
collar adjustment mechanisms, and will affect the final transaction value and exchange ratio as determined pursuant to the formula within the merger agreement. 

The following charts are intended to illustrate the impact on the exchange ratio, weighted average shares and pro forma net loss per share (basic and diluted) of
simultaneous changes to these variables (assuming 10,776,556 shares of H Power common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger) for the twelve month and nine month Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of
Operations; 

Twelve month Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations data: 

Average Plug Power Common Stock Price

$5.29

$5.88

$6.47

Net Cash

Exchange Ratio

Weighted Avg. Shares

Pro Forma Net Loss Per Share

Exchange Ratio

Weighted Avg. Shares

Pro Forma Net Loss Per Share

Exchange Ratio

Weighted Avg. Shares

Pro Forma Net Loss Per Share

$38,675,000

.92

56,797,558

$

(1.79

)

.83

55,798,424

$

(1.82

)

.76

54,981,513

$

(1.85

)

$36,675,000

.89

56,419,486

$

(1.80

)

.80

55,458,288

$

(1.83

)

.73

54,672,394

$

(1.86

)

$34,675,000

.85

56,041,414

$

(1.81

)

.77

55,118,152

$

(1.84

)

.70

54,363,275

$

(1.87

)



Nine month Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations data: 

Average Plug Power Common Stock Price

$5.29

$5.88

$6.47

Net Cash

Exchange Ratio

Weighted Avg. Shares

Pro Forma Net Loss Per Share

Exchange Ratio

Weighted Avg. Shares

Pro Forma Net Loss Per Share

Exchange Ratio

Weighted Avg. Shares

Pro Forma Net Loss Per Share

$38,675,000

.92

60,515,605

$

(0.88

)

.83

59,516,471

$

(0.90

)

.76

58,699,560

$

(0.91

)

$36,675,000

.89

60,137,533

$

(0.89

)

.80

59,176,335

$

(0.90

)

.73

58,390,441

$

(0.92

)

$34,675,000

.85

59,759,461

$

(0.90

)

.77

58,836,199

$

(0.91

)

.70

58,081,322

$

(0.92

)

The unaudited basic and diluted net loss per share
expressed in the tables above and within the accompanying Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations are based on the weighted average number of Plug Power common shares outstanding prior to the merger plus the number of shares
of Plug Power common stock issued upon the closing of the merger to existing H Power security holders. For the year ended December 31, 2001 and the nine months ended September 30, 2002, the combined unaudited pro forma diluted earnings per share
does not include common stock equivalents resulting from stock options because to do so would have been anti-dilutive. 

The
net cash amounts and the average Plug Power common stock prices in the foregoing charts are for illustrative purposes and are not estimates of the actual net cash amount or average Plug Power common stock price which could be materially higher or
lower than those amounts and prices set forth above. 

Additionally, in the event that net cash is
greater than anticipated net cash of $36,675,000, each dollar increase will result in a corresponding increase to the amount recorded under the financial statement caption Goodwill in the accompanying Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Balance Sheet. In the event that net cash is less than anticipated net cash of $36,675,000, each dollar decrease will result in a corresponding decrease to the amount recorded under the financial statement caption Goodwill in
the accompanying Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet. If Goodwill is reduced to zero, the remaining deficit in net cash will reduce, on a pro-rata basis, the amount recorded as In-process research & development and Purchased
identifiable intangibles with definite lives, as presented within note 1 above. The effect on amortization expense, for purposes of the above illustration, has been excluded form the calculation of pro forma net loss per share (basic and diluted).
If net cash as of the closing of the transaction is $34,675,000, as indicated in the table above, the resulting effect on pro forma net loss per share (basic and diluted) would be less than de-minimus (less than one half of a cent). 

Note 4.    Additional Cash Requirements and Reductions of Expenses 

The pro forma adjustments to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet do not include an estimate of H Power cash used
in operations between August 31, 2002, the historical balance sheet date, and the anticipated closing date, expected to be approximately $10.9 million. Additionally, we have not included pro forma adjustments in the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined balance sheet or in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for certain other expenses such as the elimination of redundant personnel. In addition to eliminating these redundant expenses, we also expect
annualized expense savings to be approximately $25 million, primarily related to H Power.



ADDITIONAL PROPOSAL TO BE ACTED ON BY PLUG POWER STOCKHOLDERS 

The following
proposal is only being submitted to stockholders of Plug Power to be voted upon at the special meeting of Plug Power stockholders. Stockholders of H Power will not be asked to, or entitled to, vote upon this proposal. 

Background and Description of the Exchange 

Plug Power has granted options under
its stock option plans to further its growth and development by providing, through ownership of Plug Powers common stock, incentives to employees, officers and directors to increase their interest in Plug Powers welfare, to encourage
them to continue their services to Plug Power and to attract individuals of outstanding ability to enter the employment or service of Plug Power. As of January 8, 2003, there were options outstanding to purchase 5,789,961 shares of Plug Power common
stock held by approximately 375 employees, directors and consultants, of which options with respect to 3,249,969 shares were then exercisable. The exercise price of these outstanding stock options was based upon the fair market value of the shares
of Plug Power common stock underlying the options at the time of their issuance. However, based upon the closing price of Plug Power as of January 8, 2003, approximately 87% of the total outstanding options, and 78% of the total options which were
then exercisable, had an exercise price that exceeded the fair market value of the shares of Plug Power common stock on such date. Because of this decrease in the fair market value of Plug Powers common stock since the date of the issuance of
the options, a large majority of the options granted to employees of Plug Power no longer provide the intended performance incentives which the board of directors of Plug Power considers to be important factors with respect to maximizing stockholder
value. 

In response to this situation, the board of directors of Plug Power consulted with its management
and its advisors with respect to alternatives available to Plug Power to better align the interests of Plug Powers current employees with those of its stockholders.

After careful consideration of the factors and alternatives described
below, the Plug Power board of directors determined that conducting an offering to exchange outstanding options to purchase shares of Plug Power common stock held by Plug Power employees for shares of restricted common stock of Plug Power, subject
to the terms described below, is in the best interests of Plug Powers stockholders. The stock option exchange is being proposed to correct the distortion in employee performance incentives caused by the decrease in the fair market value of
Plug Powers common stock since the date of the issuance of the options as described in the paragraph immediately above. 

The stock option exchange approved by the Plug Power board of directors is expected to include the following material terms, among others: 



In order for an option to be eligible for the stock option exchange it must: 



be outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, 



have been granted under Plug Powers 1997 Membership Option Plan or 1999 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, and 



have an exercise price greater than $8.53 per share of Plug Power common stock, which price was based on managements analysis of outstanding stock option
grants; 



All non-director employees of Plug Power holding eligible stock options may participate in the stock option exchange, including executive officers of Plug
Power, other than employees of Plug Power who have received a notice of termination of their employment with Plug Power as of the commencement date of the offering; 



For each option exchanged, the holder will receive a number of shares of restricted common stock of Plug Power equal to one third of the number of shares of
Plug Power common stock underlying the exchanged option (rounded down to the nearest whole share of restricted stock); provided, that each option holder who exchanges all of his or her options shall receive a minimum of 500 shares of restricted
common stock; 





Each option holder will be required to exchange the full number of shares of Plug Power common stock subject to an individual option award; 



Subject to the preceding bullet, each option holder may exchange all or some of his or her options, whether or not they are vested, provided, that each option
holder must exchange all options received on or after 6 months before the date of the offer that have a lower exercise price than the option with the highest exercise price that the option holder exchanges; 



Any options that an option holder chooses not to exchange pursuant to the offer will remain outstanding and will retain their current exercise price and other
terms; 



Each option holder must remain an employee after the option holder exchanges his or her options and through the date that Plug Power issues the shares of
restricted common stock in the exchange in order for such option holder to receive such shares; and 



After commencing the offer, Plug Power may terminate the offer upon the occurrence of certain events such as a change in accounting principles, a lawsuit
challenging the offer, or a definitive agreement is entered into for an acquisition for Plug Power. 

The foregoing description of certain material terms of the stock option exchange does not purport to be a complete description of all terms and conditions of the exchange. If this proposal is approved by the required vote of Plug
Power stockholders and the board of directors of Plug Power determines to proceed with the stock option exchange, option holders of Plug Power with respect to whom the offer is made will receive a document describing the terms and conditions of the
exchange in greater detail. 

While Plug Power currently expects to commence the offer relating to the stock
option exchange promptly following the closing of the merger, assuming that the stock option exchange is approved by the requisite vote of the Plug Power stockholders, there can be no assurance as to when, if at all, the offering will be commenced
and the stock option exchange will be completed. The board of directors of Plug Power may determine not to effect the offer notwithstanding approval of the stock option exchange by Plug Powers stockholders. 

Recommendation and Reasons for the Exchange 

The board of directors of Plug Power
has unanimously determined that the stock option exchange is advisable and in the best interests of Plug Powers stockholders and unanimously recommends that Plug Power stockholders vote FOR approval of the exchange of options to purchase
shares of Plug Power common stock for shares of restricted common stock of Plug Power in accordance with the terms described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 

In approving the stock option exchange, Plug Powers board of directors consulted with senior management and its advisors and considered a number of factors including
those set forth below. The following discussion of Plug Powers reasons for the stock option exchange contains a number of forward-looking statements that reflect the current views of Plug Power with respect to future events. Forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. Cautionary statements that identify important factors that could cause or
contribute to differences in results and outcomes include those discussed or incorporated by reference in the section entitled Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning
on page 25 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. 



Employee Incentives.
    As noted above, one of the primary purposes of granting stock options to employees is to align the
interests of Plug Powers employees with those of its stockholders in order to maximize stockholder value. In addition to the fact that a substantial majority of outstanding stock options had exercise prices in excess of recent market prices
for Plug Power common stock, the Plug



Power board of directors considered the fact that upon an increase in the Plug Power common stock market price to $10.00 per share (i.e., a 98% increase over the market price of shares of Plug
Power common stock as of January 8, 2003) only 36% of all outstanding options, and 41% of all exercisable options, would have an exercise price that is less than the market price of Plug Power common stock. The stock option exchange will help to
realign employee incentives as employees will benefit from any appreciation in the shares of restricted common stock received in the stock option exchange. 



Alternatives.
    In consultation with its advisors, the board of directors of Plug Power considered a number of alternatives
to the stock option exchange as a means to realign employee incentives, including: 



repricing the current stock options (where the exercise price exceeds the market value of Plug Power common stock) to the current fair market value or some
other value; 



granting additional stock options at current fair market value; 



canceling the existing options (where the exercise price exceeds the market value of Plug Power common stock) and granting new options 6 months and 1 day after
the cancellation; 



providing cash to employees in exchange for options (where the exercise price exceeds the market value of Plug Power common stock) based on a predetermined
value per share; or 



a combination of the above. 

The board of directors determined that the stock option exchange was more favorable to Plug Power and its stockholders and better achieved the desired employee incentives for the following reasons;



Accounting Treatment.
    The stock option exchange will be subject to fixed accounting treatment. Under this form of
accounting, the charge to Plug Powers earnings in the form of a compensation expense is fixed at the time of the grant of the restricted stock to an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the restricted stock on the
date of grant and the amount which the recipient pays for the restricted stock. In comparison, an option repricing would be subject to variable accounting, under which the charge to earnings is adjusted quarterly such that it is equal to the
difference between the exercise price and the fair market value of the shares of Plug Power common stock. As a result, if the fair market value of Plug Power common stock were to increase by $1 after the stock option exchange, under fixed accounting
Plug Powers compensation expense would not be affected. However, if the fair market value of Plug Power common stock were to increase by $1 after a repricing, under variable accounting Plug Powers compensation expense would increase by
$1 multiplied by the number of repriced options. Further, variable accounting would require Plug Power to recognize additional compensation expense for any subsequent quarter in which there is an increase in fair market value of its common stock.
For this reason, the board of directors determined that the fixed accounting treatment of the stock option exchange was preferable as compared to the variable accounting treatment of repricing. 



Cash Reserves.
    Unlike the alternative to provide cash to employees in exchange for their options, the stock option exchange
preserves Plug Powers cash reserves which are important to Plug Powers continuing operations. 



Potential Future Declines in Stock Price.
    In the event that the stock price of Plug Power common stock declines in the
future, repricing the existing options or issuing additional options may fail to properly incentivize employees if the new exercise price exceeds the trading price of Plug Power common stock in the future. By contrast, the shares of restricted stock
received in the stock option exchange would retain value even if the Plug power common stock price declined. 



Effect on Shares Available for Future Grants.
    Because the exchange ratio in the stock option exchange contemplates issuing
a number of shares of restricted common stock of Plug Power equal to one third of the number of shares of Plug Power common stock underlying the exchanged options, the number of shares subject to outstanding stock awards will decrease and,
accordingly, the number of shares available for issuance under the Plug Power 1999 Stock Option and Incentive Plan will increase as a result of the stock option exchange. 





Terms of the Stock Option Exchange.
    Plug Powers board of directors considered the following terms of the stock option
exchange to also be potential benefits: 



The option exchange ratio provides that for each option exchanged the option holder will receive a number of shares of restricted common stock of Plug Power
equal to one third of the number of shares of Plug Power common stock underlying the exchanged options. Therefore, for example, if an eligible option holder owns options to purchase 5,000 shares of Plug Power common stock and such option holder
exchanges all of his or her options in connection with the offer, he or she would receive 1,666 shares of restricted stock. Accordingly, the stock option exchange contemplates that option holders will receive less shares of restricted stock than the
current number of shares of common stock underlying their options in order to reflect the decrease in value of such o